<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-031684.txt : 20250403
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-031684.hdr.sgml : 20250403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250403161534
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-031684
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQT Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000033213
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				250464690
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03551
		FILM NUMBER:		25809674

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 LIBERTY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4125535700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 LIBERTY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQT Corp /PA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUITABLE RESOURCES INC /PA/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUITABLE GAS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19841120
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000003321300000332132025-04-022025-04-02iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 2, 2025

EQT
CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Pennsylvania 001-3551 25-0464690

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

625
Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700

Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania15222

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (412) 553-5700

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, no par value EQT New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note

On
April 2, 2025 (the Settlement Date), EQT Corporation (EQT) completed its previously announced private
offers to eligible holders to exchange (the Exchange Offers) any and all outstanding notes (the EQM Notes)
issued by EQM Midstream Partners, LP (EQM), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of EQT, for new notes issued by EQT and
cash. The related solicitations of consents (the Consent Solicitations) by EQM to adopt certain amendments (the Proposed
Amendments) to each of the indentures governing the EQM Notes (collectively, the EQM Indentures) were also completed
on the Settlement Date.

Pursuant
to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, the aggregate principal amounts of EQM Notes set forth in the table below were validly
tendered and accepted. Such accepted EQM Notes have been retired and canceled and will not be reissued. Following such cancellation, the
aggregate principal amounts of the EQM Notes set forth in the table below remain outstanding.

Title of EQM Notes Principal Amount

Outstanding at

Commencement of

the Exchange Offers Principal Amount

Tendered and Accepted Principal Amount

Outstanding 

Following Settlement

7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 $ 500,000,000 $ 495,931,000 $ 4,069,000 

6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 $ 900,000,000 $ 344,923,000 $ 48,868,000 (1)

5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 $ 118,683,000 $ 45,227,000 $ 73,456,000 

4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 $ 742,923,000 $ 734,585,000 $ 8,338,000 

6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 $ 600,000,000 $ 596,735,000 $ 3,265,000 

7.500% Senior Notes due 2030 $ 500,000,000 $ 494,464,000 $ 5,536,000 

4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 $ 1,100,000,000 $ 1,090,384,000 $ 9,616,000 

6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 $ 80,233,000 $ 67,244,000 $ 12,989,000 

(1) In connection with a tender offer that launched substantially concurrently with the Exchange Offers, on March 12, 2025, EQM purchased
$506,209,000 aggregate principal amount of EQMs 6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 that were validly tendered.

The events described in this Current Report on
Form 8-K took place in connection with the settlement of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

EQT 2025 Supplemental Indentures
and EQT Notes

In connection
with the settlement of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, on the Settlement Date, EQT and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (the Trustee), entered into the supplemental indentures set forth below (collectively, the EQT 2025 Supplemental
Indentures) to the Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by a Second Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008 (the Second Supplemental Indenture), in each case between EQT (or its predecessor)
and the Trustee, and issued the following notes (collectively, the EQT Notes), each series with the interest rate and maturity
date as set forth below:

(i) Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture
- $495,925,000 aggregate principal amount of 7.500% Senior Notes due 2027, which notes accrue interest at a rate of 7.500% per annum
(to be paid semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing
on June 1, 2025) and will mature on June 1, 2027;

(ii) Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture
- $344,921,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2027, which notes accrue interest a rate of 6.500% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on July 1,
2025) and will mature on July 1, 2027;

(iii) Twentieth Supplemental Indenture
- $45,225,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028, which notes accrue interest a rate of 5.500% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on
July 15, 2025) and will mature on July 15, 2028;

(iv) Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture
- $734,583,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2029, which notes accrue interest a rate of 4.50% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on
July 15, 2025) and will mature on January 15, 2029;

(v) Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture
- $596,725,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029, which notes accrue interest a rate of 6.375% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on
October 1, 2025) and will mature on April 1, 2029;

(vi) Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture
- $494,086,000 in aggregate principal amount of 7.500% Senior Notes due 2030, which notes accrue interest a rate of 7.500% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on
June 1, 2025) and will mature on June 1, 2030;

(vii) Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture
- $1,090,218,000 in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2031, which notes accrue interest a rate of 4.75% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on
July 15, 2025) and will mature on January 15, 2031; and

(viii) Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture
- $67,196,000 in aggregate principal amount of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048, which notes accrue interest a rate of 6.500% per annum (to
be paid semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on
July 15, 2025) and will mature on July 15, 2048.

The Base
Indenture, as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture and the EQT 2025 Supplemental Indentures (collectively, the EQT
Indenture), contains covenants that limit EQTs ability to, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions,
incur certain debt secured by liens and engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions, and limit EQTs ability to enter into
certain consolidations, mergers or sales other than for cash or leases of its assets substantially as an entirety to another entity or
to purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety. The EQT Indenture also provides for customary events of default, and indebtedness under the EQT Notes may be accelerated in certain circumstances
upon an event of default as set forth in the EQT Indenture.

The EQT Notes are redeemable by EQT at its option, at any time and from time to time prior to their maturity, as provided for in the EQT
Indenture.

The EQT Notes
were issued in exchange for EQM Notes pursuant to private exchange offers exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The EQT Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws.

The foregoing
summary description of the EQT Indenture and the EQT Notes is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Base Indenture,
the Second Supplemental Indenture, the EQT 2025 Supplemental Indentures and the form of the EQT Notes, copies of which are filed herewith
as Exhibits 4.1 through 4.18 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

On the Settlement
Date, in connection with the issuance of the EQT Notes, EQT entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement) with TD Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and
Truist Securities, Inc., as the dealer managers of the Exchange Offers. EQT agreed under the Registration Rights Agreement to use
its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file a registration statement on an appropriate registration form with respect to a registered
offer to exchange the EQT Notes for new registered notes with terms substantially identical in all material respects to the EQT Notes
(except that the new registered notes will not contain terms with respect to transfer restrictions or any increase in annual interest
rate) (the Registered Notes) and (ii) cause the registration statement to become effective under the Securities Act.
EQT will be obligated to pay additional interest on the EQT Notes of up to 1.0% if (i) it has not completed the exchange offer (exchanging
Registered Notes for tendered EQT Notes) on or prior to March 28, 2026 (the Target Registration Date) or if a shelf
registration statement with respect to the EQT Notes (if required to be filed) is not declared effective on or prior to the 60th day after
the later of (a) the Target Registration Date and (b) the date on which EQT received a duly executed Shelf Request (as defined
in the Registration Rights Agreement), or (ii) if applicable, a shelf registration statement covering resales of the EQT Notes has
been declared effective and such shelf registration statement ceases to be effective or the prospectus contained therein ceases to be
usable for resales of Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) at any time during the Shelf Effectiveness
Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) (a) on more than two occasions of at least 30 consecutive days during the
Shelf Effectiveness Period or (b) at any time in any 12-month period during the Shelf Effectiveness Period and such failure to remain
effective or be so usable exists for more than 90 days (whether or not consecutive) in any 12-month period.

The foregoing
summary description of the Registration Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copy of
the Registration Rights Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 4.19 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
of a Registrant.

The information
set forth in Item 1.01 above under EQT 2025 Supplemental Indentures and EQT Notes is hereby incorporated into this Item
2.03 by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

As
previously disclosed, as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 7, 2025, EQM received the requisite number of consents to adopt
the Proposed Amendments with respect to all EQM Notes except EQMs 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028, and on March 12,
2025, EQM and the trustees of the EQM Notes entered into supplemental indentures containing the Proposed Amendments (the
EQM Supplemental Indentures) to the EQM Indentures except the EQM Indenture governing EQMs 5.500% Senior
Notes due 2028 (such affected EQM Indentures, the Affected EQM Indentures).

The
Proposed Amendments in the EQM Supplemental Indentures became operative on the Settlement Date. As a result of the EQM
Supplemental Indentures, among other things, the following provisions have been removed from the Affected EQM Indentures:
(i) the reporting covenant, (ii) the limitation on liens covenant, (iii) the limitation on sale-leaseback
transactions covenant, (iv) if applicable, the provision requiring an offer to repurchase notes upon a change of control, and
(v) certain provisions imposing limitations on mergers and consolidations. In addition, as a result of the EQM Supplemental
Indentures, a failure to comply with a covenant or agreement, or other provision, in the Affected EQM Indentures that does not
relate to the payment of interest, principal or premium, if any, will no longer constitute an event of default thereunder.

The foregoing summary
description of the EQM Supplemental Indentures is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the copies of the EQM
Supplemental Indentures filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by EQT on March 18,
2025 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008, between
EQT Corporation, as successor, and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K
filed on March 18, 2008).

4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30,
2008, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.03(c) to
Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2008).

4.3 Eighteenth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.4 Form of EQT Corporations 7.500% Senior
Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.3 hereto).

4.5 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.6 Form of EQT Corporations 6.500% Senior
Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.5 hereto).

4.7 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.8 Form of EQT Corporations 5.500% Senior
Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.7 hereto).

4.9 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.10 Form of EQT Corporations 4.50% Senior Notes
due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.9 hereto).

4.11 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.12 Form of EQT Corporations 6.375% Senior
Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.11 hereto).

4.13 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.14 Form of EQT Corporations 7.500% Senior
Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.13 hereto).

4.15 Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.16 Form of EQT Corporations 4.75% Senior Notes
due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.15 hereto).

4.17 Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2,
2025, between EQT Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee.

4.18 Form of EQT Corporations 6.500% Senior
Notes due 2048 (included in Exhibit 4.17 hereto).

4.19 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2,
2025, by and among EQT Corporation, TD Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities
Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EQT CORPORATION

Date: April 3, 2025 By: /s/ Jeremy T. Knop

Name: Jeremy T. Knop

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

EIGHTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

7.500% Senior Notes due 2027

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

i

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited
Investors D-1

ii

EIGHTEENTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued
in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance
and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 7.500% Senior Notes due 2027, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $495,925,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be June 1, 2027 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from December 1,
2024 at the rate of 7.500% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on June 1 and
December 1 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on June 1, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the May 15 or November 15 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from December 1, 2024 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created
which is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to)
such secured Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent,
restrict or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured
by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

6

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption
or guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus
the aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback
Transactions permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Eighteenth
Supplemental Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions
which shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal
Property by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or
similar financing), which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred
by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of
full operation of such property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds
have been or are to be advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and
Leaseback Transaction) unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback Transactions
as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount of Debt secured
by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety
to another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation,
merger, sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the
Indenture, unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the
Senior Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

8

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable
Law for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. 
The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Eighteenth
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and of signature
pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the
parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Eighteenth Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day
and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/
Daniel A. Greenblatt 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature
Page to Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/
Nathaniel Henkle 

Name: Nathaniel Henkle 

Title: Agent

[Signature
Page to Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

I-1

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-9

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Eighteenth
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

7.500% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2027

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global
Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
[ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on June 1, 2027 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from December 1,
2024 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on
June 1 and December 1 in each year, commencing June 1, 2025 at the rate of 7.500% per annum, until the principal hereof
is paid or made available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the May 15 or November 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1
26884L BG3 (144A) / U2689E AK6 (Regulation S)

2
Include only if issued in global form.

3
For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4
Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifiesthat this is one ofthe Securities referredto in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by an Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $495,925,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Stated Maturity Date, the Redemption Price (expressed as percentages of principal amount) will be as set forth below, plus accrued
and unpaid interest on the Senior Notes redeemed, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning
on June 1 of the years indicated below, subject to the rights of Holders on the relevant Record Date to receive interest on the relevant
Interest Payment Date:

Year Percentage 

2024 103.750 %

2025 101.875 %

2026 and thereafter 100.000 %

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-6

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-7

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-8

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)

(Insert
Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture
shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature)

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-9

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

A-10

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-11

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it
is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a
Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: ,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Eighteenth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

D-1

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.5
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

NINETEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

6.500% Senior Notes due 2027

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government
Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE
OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

i

Appendix I 
Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of
Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of
Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of
Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of
Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

NINETEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as
of April 2, 2025 (this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture), between EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and
existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee
(the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Company, as successor, and the
Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture, as supplemented by a
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture),
to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued in one or more series;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Base
Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the Base Indenture to be known as its
6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance and the terms, provisions and conditions
thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company,
pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized
the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS, this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture
is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the
Trustee execute and deliver this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this
Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, and to make the
Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and legally binding obligations of
the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized in
all respects.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base
Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 6.500% Senior Notes due 2027, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $344,921,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be July 1, 2027 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 1,
2025 at the rate of 6.500% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on January 1
and July 1 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 1, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the December 15 or June 15 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from January 1, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal Property
by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or similar financing),
which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of full operation of such
property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds have been or are to be
advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and Leaseback Transaction)
unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback Transactions
as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount of Debt secured
by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety
to another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation,
merger, sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the
Indenture, unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the
Senior Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

8

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law
for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. The
terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Nineteenth
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State of
New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture and of signature
pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the
parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Nineteenth Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as
Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

I-1

Subject to the limitations on the issuance of certificated
Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange
for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated
Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in
Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global
Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter provided.

The Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation
S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06
or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and
Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04,
3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and
the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture,
are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities. The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation
S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes
collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration Rights Agreement means
the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

I-7

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The Registrar shall retain copies of all letters,
notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix or this Section 5 (including all Securities
received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company,
at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving
of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-9

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Nineteenth
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

6.500% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2027

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global
Security attached hereto]2

Interest. EQT Corporation, a corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company, which term includes
any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on July 1, 2027 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 1,
2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on January 1
and July 1 in each year, commencing July 1, 2025 at the rate of 6.500% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made
available for payment.

Method of Payment. The interest so payable,
and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose
name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the December 15 or June 15
(whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date (the Record Date). Any
such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date
and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of
business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice thereof having been given
to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, all as
more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and any such interest on this Security will be
made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication. Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not
be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

1 26884L AS8 (144A) / U2689E AC4 (Regulation S)

2 Include only if issued in global form.

3 For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4 Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-3

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies 

that this is one of

the Securities referred 

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-4

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture. This Security is one of a duly
authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (herein called the
Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental
Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2025 (as so supplemented, herein
called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference
is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee
and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This
Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount of $344,921,000.

Additional Interest. If, under the terms of
the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc., a Registration Default (as defined therein)
occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first
90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an additional 0.25% per annum with respect
to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration Default ends, up to a maximum increase of
1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest). References herein to interest
include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for calculating Additional Interest or monitoring
or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional Redemption. The Senior Notes are
subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or
in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

A-5

Comparable Treasury Issue means the
U.S. Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, determined
as if the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life), that would be utilized, at the time of selection
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the
Remaining Life of the Senior Notes.

Comparable Treasury Price means, with
respect to any Redemption Date: (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding
the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent is unable to obtain at least four such
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Quotation Agent.

Par Call Date means January 1,
2027.

Quotation Agent means a Reference Treasury
Dealer selected by the Company.

Reference Treasury Dealer means (i) each
of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc., and their respective successors, so long as it is
a primary U.S. government securities dealer (a Primary Treasury Dealer), and (ii) a Primary Treasury Dealer selected
by TD Securities (USA) LLC or its successor; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a Primary Treasury Dealer,
the Company will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, an average, as determined by the Quotation
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue for the Senior Notes (expressed in each case as a percentage of its
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable
Treasury Price for that Redemption Date; provided, however, that if no maturity is within three months before or after the Par Call Date,
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such United States Treasury security will be determined and the
Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from those yields on a straight line basis rounding to the nearest month. The Treasury
Rate will be calculated by the Quotation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for calculating or verifying the Redemption Price or the Treasury Rate.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered
electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation, DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys
customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes
to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease
to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-6

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default
with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior Notes may be declared due and payable in the
manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment, Modification and Waiver. The Indenture
permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the
Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee
with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding. The Indenture
also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding,
on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain
past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive
and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued upon the registration of transfer
hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security.

Denominations, Transfer and Exchange. The
Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like
aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering
the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-7

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment
of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person
in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the
Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous. The Indenture and this Security
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of
said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-8

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of
assignee)

(Insert Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with
the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture
shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face
of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-9

Signature Guarantee: 

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive
officer

A-10

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of

Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-11

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262 

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter relates to $[ ]
principal amount of Notes represented by the offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant
to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to the Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes,
the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation
S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903
or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act),
or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262 

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the undersigneds proposed
sale of $[ ] aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms
that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate:,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262 

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with the undersigneds proposed
acquisition of $[ ] aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms
that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Nineteenth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.7
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-7.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.7
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.7 

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

TWENTIETH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

5.500% Senior Notes due 2028

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1. 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2. 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3. 

FORM OF NOTES 

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4. 

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES 

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTIETH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture), between EQT Corporation,
a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office at EQT Plaza,
625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York Mellon, a New
York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued
in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance
and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

3

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated as
the 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal amount
of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $45,225,000. Any additional amounts of
such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be July 15, 2028 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and register
the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior Notes are
set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 at the rate of 5.500% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on January 15
and July 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 15, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the December 31 or June 30 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twentieth Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the Company
or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal Property
(except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal Property by
the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or similar financing),
which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of full operation of such
property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds have been or are to be
advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and Leaseback Transaction)
unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback Transactions
as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount of Debt secured
by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety to
another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation, merger,
sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the Indenture,
unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the Senior Notes
equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

8

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law
for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. The
terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company and
delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes as
in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twentieth
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twentieth Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State of
New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twentieth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture and of signature
pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twentieth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the
parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twentieth Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twentieth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day
and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/
Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name:Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title:Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Twentieth Supplemental
Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name:Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Twentieth Supplemental
Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

I-1

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

I-9

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-10

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twentieth
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

5.500% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2028

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by
the Schedule of

Increases or Decreases in Global

Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on July 15, 2028 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on January 15
and July 15 in each year, commencing July 15, 2025 at the rate of 5.500% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made
available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the December 31 or June 30 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1 26884L AU3 (144A) / U2689E AD2 (Regulation S)

2 Include only if issued in global form.

3 For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4 Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies

that this is one of

the Securities referred

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2, 2025
(as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all indentures
supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to be, authenticated
and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount of $45,225,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 40 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

A-6

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Comparable Treasury Issue means the
U.S. Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, determined
as if the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life), that would be utilized, at the time of selection
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the
Remaining Life of the Senior Notes.

Comparable Treasury Price means, with
respect to any Redemption Date: (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding
the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent is unable to obtain at least four such
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Quotation Agent.

Par Call Date means April 15,
2028.

Quotation Agent means a Reference Treasury
Dealer selected by the Company.

Reference
Treasury Dealer means (i) each of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., and their respective successors, so long as it is a primary U.S. government securities dealer (a
Primary Treasury Dealer), and (ii) a Primary Treasury Dealer selected by PNC Capital Markets LLC or its successor;
provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute therefor another
Primary Treasury Dealer.

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, an average, as determined by the Quotation
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue for the Senior Notes (expressed in each case as a percentage of its
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable
Treasury Price for that Redemption Date; provided, however, that if no maturity is within three months before or after the Par Call Date,
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such United States Treasury security will be determined and the
Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from those yields on a straight line basis rounding to the nearest month. The Treasury
Rate will be calculated by the Quotation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for calculating or verifying the Redemption Price or the Treasury Rate.

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-7

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-8

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of
assignee)

(Insert
Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twentieth Supplemental Indenture
shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by
an executive officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of

Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it
is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a
Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the
Company)

5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate:, 20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the
Company)

5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twentieth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.9
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-9.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.9
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.9

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

_________________

TWENTY-FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

_________________

4.50% Senior Notes due 2029

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTY-FIRST
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued
in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance and
the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 4.50% Senior Notes due 2029, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $734,583,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be January 15, 2029 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 at the rate of 4.50% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on January 15
and July 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 15, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the January 1 or July 1 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of
Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person
in connection with a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12
hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twenty-First Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal Property
by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or similar financing),
which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of full operation of such
property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds have been or are to be
advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and Leaseback Transaction)
unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback
Transactions as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount
of Debt secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety to
another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation, merger,
sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the Indenture,
unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the Senior Notes
equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

8

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law
for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. The
terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-First
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture and of signature
pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the
parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twenty-First Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the
day and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Twenty-First Supplemental
Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Twenty-First Supplemental
Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

I-1

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-9

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twenty-First
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

4.50% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2029

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on January 15, 2029 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from
January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually
in arrears on January 15 and July 15 in each year, commencing July 15, 2025 at the rate of 4.50% per annum, until the principal
hereof is paid or made available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the January 1 or July 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1
26884L AW9 (144A) / U2689E AE0 (Regulation S)

2
Include only if issued in global form.

3
For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4
Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies

that this is one of

the Securities referred

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $734,583,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

A-6

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Comparable Treasury Issue means the
U.S. Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, determined
as if the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life), that would be utilized, at the time of selection
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the
Remaining Life of the Senior Notes.

Comparable Treasury Price means, with
respect to any Redemption Date: (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding
the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent is unable to obtain at least four such
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Quotation Agent.

Par Call Date means July 15,
2028.

Quotation Agent means a Reference Treasury
Dealer selected by the Company.

Reference Treasury Dealer means each
of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc., and their respective successors, so long as it is
a primary U.S. government securities dealer (a Primary Treasury Dealer); provided, however, that if any of the foregoing
shall cease to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, an average, as determined by the Quotation
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue for the Senior Notes (expressed in each case as a percentage of its
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable
Treasury Price for that Redemption Date; provided, however, that if no maturity is within three months before or after the Par Call Date,
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such United States Treasury security will be determined and the
Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from those yields on a straight line basis rounding to the nearest month. The Treasury
Rate will be calculated by the Quotation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for calculating or verifying the Redemption Price or the Treasury Rate.

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-7

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-8

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of
assignee)

(Insert Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

[ ] (a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

[ ] (b) this Security is being transferred other than in accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with
the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture
shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face
of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive
officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it
is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a
Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate:,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twenty-First
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.11
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.11
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.11

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

TWENTY-SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

6.375% Senior Notes due 2029

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTY-SECOND
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be
issued in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance
and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $596,725,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be April 1, 2029 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from April 1, 2025
at the rate of 6.375% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on April 1 and October 1
of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025, to the Persons in whose names the Senior
Notes are registered at the close of business on the March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case
may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest accrued from
April 1, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than
the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal
Property by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or
similar financing), which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred
by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of
full operation of such property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds
have been or are to be advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and
Leaseback Transaction) unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback
Transactions as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount
of Debt secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety
to another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation,
merger, sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the
Indenture, unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the
Senior Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

8

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable
Law for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. 
The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Second
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture and of
signature pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures
of the parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall
provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the
day and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

I-1

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

I-9

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-10

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twenty-Second
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

6.375% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2029

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on April 1, 2029 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from April 1,
2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on April 1
and October 1 in each year, commencing October 1, 2025 at the rate of 6.375% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or
made available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the March 15 or September 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1
26884L AY5 (144A) / U2689E AF7 (Regulation S)

2
Include only if issued in global form.

3
For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4
Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies

that this is one of

the Securities referred

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $596,725,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the First Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal
and interest on the Senior Notes to be redeemed that would have been due if such Senior Notes had been redeemed on the First Call Date
(exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming
a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on the principal amount of the Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the First Call Date, the Redemption Price (expressed as percentages of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed) will be
as set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month
period beginning on April 1 of the years indicated below:

A-6

Year Percentage 

2026 103.188 %

2027 101.594 %

2028 and thereafter 100.000 %

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

First Call Date means April 1,
2026.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with this definition. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by
the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for
the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (i) the yield for the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the First Call Date (the Remaining Life);
or (ii) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the First Call Date on a straight-line basis
(using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (iii) if there is no such
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this definition, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity
from the Redemption Date. If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall
calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the First Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the First Call Date, but there are
two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the First Call Date, one with a maturity date
preceding the First Call Date and one with a maturity date following the First Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury
security with a maturity date preceding the First Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the
First Call Date, or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select
from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based
upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining
the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this definition, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury
security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. Prior to such Redemption Date, the Company
shall file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the Treasury Rate and showing the calculation of such in reasonable
detail. The Trustee shall have no duty to verify the Companys calculation of the Treasury Rate.

A-7

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

A-8

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined
herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)

(Insert Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twenty-Second Supplemental
Indenture shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in
every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(1) it is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it
is either (i) a Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation
S) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: ,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twenty-Second
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.13
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-13.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.13
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.13

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW
YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

TWENTY-THIRD
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

7.500% Senior Notes due 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTY-THIRD
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued
in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 7.500% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance
and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

3

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 7.500% Senior Notes due 2030, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $494,086,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be June 1, 2030 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from December 1,
2024 at the rate of 7.500% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on June 1 and
December 1 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on June 1, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the May 15 or November 15 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from December 1, 2024 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to
in the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal
Property by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or
similar financing), which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred
by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of
full operation of such property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds
have been or are to be advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and
Leaseback Transaction) unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback
Transactions as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount
of Debt secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety
to another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation,
merger, sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the
Indenture, unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the
Senior Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

8

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable
Law for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. 
The terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Third
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and of
signature pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures
of the parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

11

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

12

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the
day and year first above written.

EQT
CORPORATION

By: /s/ Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture]

THE
BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/
Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel
Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

I-1

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

I-9

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-10

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twenty-Third
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

7.500% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2030

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global
Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on June 1, 2030 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from December 1,
2024 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on June 1
and December 1 in each year, commencing June 1, 2025 at the rate of 7.500% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or
made available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the May 15 or November 15 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1 26884L BA6 (144A) / U2689E AG5 (Regulation S)

2 Include only if issued in global form.

3 For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4 Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT
CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel
A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice
President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies 

that this is one of

the Securities referred 

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $494,086,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

A-6

Par Call Date means December 1,
2029.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with this definition. The Treasury Rate shall be determined by
the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date based upon the yield or yields for
the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (i) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (ii) if
there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding
to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15
immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual
number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (iii) if there is no such Treasury constant
maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to
the Remaining Life. For purposes of this definition, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the Redemption
Date. If on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date H.15 or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00
a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such Redemption Date of the United States Treasury security maturing on,
or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date,
but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States
Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing
on the Par Call Date, or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall
select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining
the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this definition, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury
security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. Prior to such Redemption Date, the Company
shall file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the Treasury Rate and showing the calculation of such in reasonable
detail. The Trustee shall have no duty to verify the Companys calculation of the Treasury Rate.

A-7

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

A-8

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee) 

(Insert Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee) 

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company
with full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twenty-Third Supplemental
Indenture shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE:
The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every
particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

7.500% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it
is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a
Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very
truly yours,

[NAME
OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

7.500% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very
truly yours,

[NAME
OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: ____________________, 20___ 

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company) 

7.500% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twenty-Third
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very
truly yours,

[NAME
OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.15
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-15.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.15
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.15

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

_________________

TWENTY-FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

________________

4.75% Senior Notes due 2031

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTY-FOURTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be
issued in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance and
the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated as
the 4.75% Senior Notes due 2031, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal amount
of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $1,090,218,000. Any additional amounts
of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be January 15, 2031 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and register
the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior Notes are
set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 at the rate of 4.75% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on January 15
and July 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 15, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the January 1 or July 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as
the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest accrued
from January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

6

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal Property
by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or similar financing),
which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of full operation of such
property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds have been or are to be
advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and Leaseback Transaction)
unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback
Transactions as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount
of Debt secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety to
another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation, merger,
sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the Indenture,
unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the Senior Notes
equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

8

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law
for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. The
terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Fourth
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and of
signature pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures
of the parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall
provide to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the
day and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature
Page to Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature
Page to Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

I-1

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

I-2

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-9

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twenty-Fourth
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

4.75% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2031

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global
Security attached hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to
[ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on January 15, 2031 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from
January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually
in arrears on January 15 and July 15 in each year, commencing July 15, 2025 at the rate of 4.75% per annum, until the
principal hereof is paid or made available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the January 1 or July 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1
26884L BC2 (144A) / U2689E AH3 (Regulation S)

2
Include only if issued in global form.

3
For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4
Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies

that this is one of

the Securities referred

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $1,090,218,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

A-6

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Comparable Treasury Issue means the
U.S. Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, determined
as if the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life), that would be utilized, at the time of selection
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the
Remaining Life of the Senior Notes.

Comparable Treasury Price means, with
respect to any Redemption Date: (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding
the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent is unable to obtain at least four such
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Quotation Agent.

Par Call Date means July 15,
2030.

Quotation Agent means a Reference Treasury
Dealer selected by the Company.

Reference Treasury Dealer means each
of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Barclays Capital Inc., and their respective successors, so long as it is
a primary U.S. government securities dealer (a Primary Treasury Dealer); provided, however, that if any of the foregoing
shall cease to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, an average, as determined by the Quotation
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue for the Senior Notes (expressed in each case as a percentage of its
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable
Treasury Price for that Redemption Date; provided, however, that if no maturity is within three months before or after the Par Call Date,
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such United States Treasury security will be determined and the
Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from those yields on a straight line basis rounding to the nearest month. The Treasury
Rate will be calculated by the Quotation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for calculating or verifying the Redemption Price or the Treasury Rate.

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-7

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-8

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)

(Insert
Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twenty-Fourth Supplemental
Indenture shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To
be executed by an executive officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(1) it is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it
is either (i) a Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation
S) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: ,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the Company)

4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twenty-Fourth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

D-1

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.17
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-17.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.17
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.17

EQT CORPORATION,

as Issuer

and

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

TWENTY-FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 2, 2025

to

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 18, 2008

6.500% Senior Notes due 2048

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition of Terms 2

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation and Principal Amount 4

Section 2.2 Maturity 4

Section 2.3 Further Issues 4

Section 2.4 Form of Payment 4

Section 2.5 Global Securities 4

Section 2.6 Interest 4

Section 2.7 Reserved 5

Section 2.8 Authorized Denominations 5

Section 2.9 Redemption 5

Section 2.10 Limitation on Liens 5

Section 2.11 Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 7

Section 2.12 Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets 8

Section 2.13 Events of Default 8

Section 2.14 Appointment of Agents 10

Section 2.15 Defeasance upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government
Obligations 10

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original Issue of Senior Notes 10

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification of Indenture 10

Section 5.2 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals 11

i

Section 5.3 Governing Law 11

Section 5.4 Separability 11

Section 5.5 Counterparts 11

Appendix I Provisions relating to the Senior Notes I-1

Exhibit A Form of Senior Notes A-1

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership B-1

Exhibit C Form of Regulation S Certificate C-1

Exhibit D Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional Accredited Investors D-1

ii

TWENTY-FIFTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April 2, 2025 (this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture), between EQT
Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, having its principal office
at EQT Plaza, 625 Liberty Avenue, Suite 1700, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222 (the Company), and The Bank of New York
Mellon, a New York banking corporation, as trustee (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Company, as successor, and the Trustee executed and delivered the indenture, dated as of March 18, 2008 (the Base Indenture,
as supplemented by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2008, and by this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the
Indenture), to provide for the issuance of the Companys debt securities (the Securities), to be issued
in one or more series;

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms of the Base Indenture, the Company desires to provide for the establishment of a new series of its notes under the
Base Indenture to be known as its 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the Senior Notes), the form and substance
and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to resolutions duly adopted on February 6, 2025, has duly authorized the issuance
of the Senior Notes and has duly authorized the proper officers of the Company to execute any and all appropriate documents necessary
or appropriate to effect each such issuance;

WHEREAS,
this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture is being entered into pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.01 of the Base Indenture;

WHEREAS,
the Company has requested that the Trustee execute and deliver this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture; and

WHEREAS,
all things necessary to make this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture a valid and legally binding agreement of the Company, in accordance
with its terms, and to make the Senior Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, the valid and
legally binding obligations of the Company, have been performed, and the execution and delivery of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture
has been duly authorized in all respects.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Senior Notes by the Holders thereof, and
for the purpose of setting forth, as provided in the Base Indenture, the forms and terms of the Senior Notes, the Company covenants and
agrees, with the Trustee, as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definition
of Terms. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) each
term defined in the Base Indenture has the same meaning when used in this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture;

(b) the
singular includes the plural and vice versa;

(c) headings
are for convenience of reference only and do not affect interpretation; and

(d) a
reference to a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture unless otherwise
indicated.

(e) The
following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 1.1(e):

(i) Attributable
Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback Transaction means, as of any particular time, the present value (discounted at the rate
of interest implicit in the terms of the lease involved in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, as determined in good faith by the Company)
of the obligation of the lessee thereunder for net rental payments (excluding, however, any amounts required to be paid by such lessee,
whether or not designated as rent or additional rent, on account of maintenance and repairs, services, insurance, taxes, assessments,
water rates or similar charges and any amounts required to be paid by such lessee thereunder contingent upon monetary inflation or the
amount of sales, maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges) during the remaining term of
such lease (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended).

(ii) Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or
required by law to close.

(iii) Consolidated
Net Tangible Assets means the aggregate amount of assets of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves)
after deducting therefrom (x) all goodwill, trade names, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discount and expense and other like
intangibles and (y) all current liabilities except for current maturities of long-term debt, current maturities of capitalized lease
obligations, indebtedness for borrowed money having a maturity of less than 12 months from the date of the most recent audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company, but which by its terms is renewable or extendable beyond 12 months from such date at the option of the borrower
and deferred income taxes which are classified as current liabilities, all as of the end of the most recently completed quarterly accounting
period of the Company for which financial information is available prior to the time as of which Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
is being determined.

2

(iv) Credit
Agreement means the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among the Company, as
borrower, and the commercial lending institutions and other parties that are agents and lenders thereunder, as amended, restated, modified,
supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time with one or more credit facilities
or term loans of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(v) Debt
means indebtedness for borrowed money.

(vi) DTC
shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.5.

(vii) Electronic
Means shall mean the following communications methods: e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization
codes, passwords and/or authentication keys issued by the Trustee, or another method or system specified by the Trustee as available for
use in connection with its services hereunder.

(viii) Event
of Default shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.13.

(ix) Incurrence
Time shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.10(b).

(x) Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or lien.

(xi) Person
means, except as otherwise provided, any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government
or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

(xii) Principal
Property means any manufacturing plant or production, transportation or marketing facility or other similar facility located within
the United States (other than its territories and possessions) and owned by, or leased to, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, the
book value of the real property, plant and equipment of which (as shown, without deduction of any depreciation reserves, on the books
of the owner or owners) is not less than 1.5% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets as of the date on which such facility is acquired or
a leasehold interest therein is acquired.

(xiii) Restricted
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary substantially all the property of which is located, or substantially all the business of which
is carried on, within the United States (other than its territories and possessions) which shall at the time, directly or indirectly,
through one or more Subsidiaries or in combination with one or more other Subsidiaries or the Company, own or be a lessee of a Principal
Property.

(xiv) Sale
and Leaseback Transaction shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.11.

3

(xv) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, a corporation of which more than 50% of the total voting power of the capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of its directors is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company
or by one or more other Subsidiaries or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 2.

GENERAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 2.1 Designation
and Principal Amount. There is hereby authorized and established a new series of Securities under the Base Indenture, designated
as the 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048, which is not limited in aggregate principal amount. The initial aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes to be issued under this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture shall be limited to $67,196,000. Any additional
amounts of such series to be issued shall be set forth in a Company Order.

Section 2.2 Maturity.
The stated maturity of principal for the Senior Notes will be July 15, 2048 (the Stated Maturity Date).

Section 2.3 Further
Issues. The Company may at any time and from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the Holders of the Senior Notes, issue
additional notes of such series. Any such additional notes will have the same ranking, interest rate, maturity date and other terms as
the Senior Notes (except, as applicable, for the issue date, the issue price, the initial interest payment date and corresponding record
date and the date from which interest thereon will begin to accrue). Any such additional notes, together with the Senior Notes herein
provided for, will constitute a single series of Securities under the Indenture; provided, that any such additional notes that are not
fungible with the Senior Notes for U.S. Federal income tax purposes will have a separate CUSIP, ISIN and/or other identifying number,
if applicable, than the Senior Notes.

Section 2.4 Form of
Payment. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Senior Notes shall be payable in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.5 Global
Securities. Upon the original issuance, the Senior Notes will be represented by one or more Global Securities. The Company will deposit
the Global Securities with the Trustee as custodian for The Depository Trust Company (DTC), in New York, New York, and
register the Global Securities in the name of DTC or its nominee. Certain provisions relating to the Global Securities and the Senior
Notes are set forth in Appendix I attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated in, and expressly made part of, the Indenture.

Section 2.6 Interest.
The Senior Notes will bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 at the rate of 6.500% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. Interest on the Senior Notes will be payable on January 15
and July 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 15, 2025, to the Persons in whose
names the Senior Notes are registered at the close of business on the December 31 or June 30 (whether or not a Business Day),
as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. Interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will include interest
accrued from January 15, 2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for.

4

Section 2.7 Reserved.

Section 2.8 Authorized
Denominations. The Senior Notes shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

Section 2.9 Redemption.
The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Company as set forth in the form of Senior Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Section 2.10 Limitation
on Liens.

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in clauses (i) through (ix) below or in subsection (b) of this Section 2.10, the Company
shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Lien upon any Principal
Property of the Company or of any Restricted Subsidiary or upon any shares of stock or Debt issued by any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, without in any such case effectively providing that the Senior Notes together with, if the Company shall
so determine, any other indebtedness of or guaranty by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary then existing or thereafter created which
is not subordinated to the Senior Notes, shall be secured equally and ratably with (or, at the option of the Company, prior to) such secured
Debt, so long as such Debt shall be so secured; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.10 shall prevent, restrict
or apply to (and there shall be excluded from secured Debt in any computation under this Section 2.10) Debt secured by:

(i) Liens
on property of, or shares of stock or Debt issued by, any Subsidiary existing at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;
provided, that such Lien shall not have been incurred in connection with the transfer by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of a Principal
Property to such Subsidiary unless the Company, within 180 days of the effective date of such transfer, applies or causes a Restricted
Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of such Principal Property
at the time of such transfer, to the prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated
to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), having
a stated maturity (x) more than 12 months from the date of such application or (y) which is extendable at the option of the
obligor thereon to a date more than 12 months from the date of such application;

(ii) Liens
on any property, shares of stock or Debt existing at the time of acquisition thereof by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary (including
acquisition through merger or consolidation) or Liens to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price or construction cost
thereof or securing any Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the acquisition of such property, shares of
stock or Debt or the completion of any such construction, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase
price or construction cost thereof;

5

(iii) Liens
on any property to secure all or any part of the cost of development, construction, alteration, repair or improvement of all or any portion
of such property, or to secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 180 days after, the completion of such development, construction,
alteration, repair or improvement, whichever is later, for the purpose of financing all or any part of such cost;

(iv) Liens
which secure Debt owed by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary or by the Company to a Restricted
Subsidiary so long as the Debt is held by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

(v) Liens
securing indebtedness of a corporation or other Person which becomes a successor of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04
of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof other than Debt incurred by such corporation or other Person in connection with
a consolidation, merger or sale of assets in accordance with Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Section 2.12 hereof;

(vi) Liens
on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department, agency or
instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any political
subdivision thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any indebtedness
incurred or guaranteed for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction, alteration, repair
or improvement of the property subject to such Liens (including but not limited to Liens incurred in connection with pollution control,
industrial revenue or similar financing), or in favor of any trustee or mortgagee for the benefit of holders of indebtedness of any such
entity incurred for any such purpose;

(vii) Liens
securing Debt which is payable, both with respect to principal and interest, solely out of the proceeds of oil, gas, coal or other minerals
to be produced from the property subject thereto and to be sold or delivered by the Company or a Subsidiary, including any interest of
the character commonly referred to as a production payment;

(viii) Liens
created or assumed by a Subsidiary on oil, gas, coal or other mineral property, owned or leased by a Subsidiary, to secure Debt of such
Subsidiary for the purpose of developing such property, including any interest of the character commonly referred to as a production
payment; provided, however, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall assume or guarantee such Debt or otherwise be liable
in respect thereof; and

6

(ix) any
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), in whole or in part, of any Lien referred to in
the foregoing clauses (i) to (viii), inclusive, or of any Debt secured thereby; provided, that such extension, renewal or replacement
Lien shall be limited to all or any part of the same property that secured the Lien extended, renewed or replaced (plus any improvements
and construction on such property), or to other property of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries not subject to the limitations
of this Section 2.10, and shall secure no larger amount of Debt than that which had been so secured at the time of such extension,
renewal or replacement (plus any premium or fee payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of clause (iv), that the Debt being
secured thereby is being secured for the same type of Person as the Debt being replaced.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10, the Company and any one or more Restricted Subsidiaries may issue, assume or
guarantee Debt secured by a Lien without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes if at the time of such issuance, assumption or
guarantee (the Incurrence Time) the aggregate amount of such Debt plus all other Debt of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than Debt permitted to be secured under clauses (i) through (ix) above) which would otherwise
be subject to the foregoing restrictions after giving effect to the retirement of any Debt which is concurrently being retired, plus the
aggregate Attributable Debt (determined as of the Incurrence Time) of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (other than Sale and Leaseback Transactions
permitted by subsections (a) and (b) of Section 2.11) entered into after the date of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture and in existence at the Incurrence Time (less the aggregate amount of proceeds of such Sale and Leaseback Transactions which
shall have been applied in accordance with subsection (c) of Section 2.11), does not exceed the greater of (i) $2.5
billion and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of any such Debt exceeds
clause (ii) above but does not exceed clause (i), such incremental amount of Debt may only be Debt under the Credit Agreement.

Section 2.11 Limitation
on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement
after the date of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture with any bank, insurance company or other lender or investor (other than the
Company or another Restricted Subsidiary) providing for the leasing as lessee by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of any Principal
Property (except a lease for a term not to exceed three years by the end of which term it is intended that the use of such Principal
Property by the lessee will be discontinued and a lease which secures or relates to industrial revenue or pollution control bonds or
similar financing), which was or is owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary and which has been or is to be sold or transferred
by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to such Person, more than 180 days after the completion of construction and commencement of
full operation of such property by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, to such lender or investor or to any Person to whom funds
have been or are to be advanced by such lender or investor on the security of such Principal Property (herein called a Sale and
Leaseback Transaction) unless:

(a) the
Company or such Restricted Subsidiary would, at the time of entering into such arrangement, be entitled pursuant to clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10, without equally and ratably securing the Senior Notes, to issue, assume
or guarantee Debt secured by a Lien on such Principal Property in the amount of the Attributable Debt arising from such Sale and Leaseback
Transaction;

7

(b) the
Attributable Debt of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Sale and Leaseback Transaction and all other Sale
and Leaseback Transactions entered into after the date of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture (other than such Sale and Leaseback
Transactions as are permitted by subsection (a) or (c) of this Section 2.11), plus the aggregate principal amount
of Debt secured by Liens on Principal Properties then outstanding (not including any such Debt secured by Liens described in clauses (i) through
(ix) of subsection (a) of Section 2.10) which do not equally and ratably secure the Senior Notes, would not exceed
15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets; or

(c) the
Company, within 180 days after any such sale or transfer, applies or causes a Restricted Subsidiary to apply an amount equal to the greater
of the net proceeds of such sale or transfer or the fair value, as determined by the Companys Board of Directors, of the Principal
Property so sold and leased back at the time of entering into such Sale and Leaseback Transaction to either (or a combination of) (A) the
prepayment or retirement of Senior Notes or other Debt of the Company (other than Debt subordinated to the Senior Notes), or Debt of any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than Debt owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary), or (B) the purchase, construction or development
of other property used or useful in the business of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary is the lessee in any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, Attributable Debt shall not include any Debt resulting
from the guarantee by the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the lessees obligation thereunder.

Section 2.12 Merger,
Consolidation and Sale of Assets. In addition to the covenants provided in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture, the Company will
not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity, or sell other than for cash or lease its assets substantially as an entirety
to another entity, or purchase the assets of another entity substantially as an entirety, if, as a result of any such consolidation,
merger, sale, lease or purchase, properties or assets of the Company would become subject to a lien which would not be permitted by the
Indenture, unless the Company or such successor Person, as the case may be, takes such steps as are necessary to effectively secure the
Senior Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby.

Section 2.13 Events
of Default. The term Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall mean only:

(a) the
failure of the Company to pay any installment of interest on the Senior Notes when and as the same shall become payable, which failure
shall have continued unremedied for a period of 30 days;

(b) the
failure of the Company to pay the principal of (and premium, if any, on) the Senior Notes, when and as the same shall become payable,
whether at maturity or by call for redemption;

8

(c) the
failure of the Company, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06 of the Base Indenture, to perform any covenants or agreements contained
in the Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement which has been expressly included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of a series
of Securities other than the Senior Notes and other than a covenant or agreement a default in the performance of which is specifically
addressed elsewhere in this Section 2.13), which failure shall not have been remedied, or without provision deemed to be adequate
for the remedying thereof having been made, for a period of 90 days after written notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee
or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then
Outstanding, specifying such failure, requiring the Company to remedy the same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default
hereunder;

(d) default
under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness
for money borrowed by the Company or any Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $200,000,000 whether such indebtedness
now exists or shall hereafter be created, which default shall constitute a failure to pay any portion of the principal of such indebtedness
when due and payable after the expiration of any applicable grace period with respect thereto or shall have resulted in such indebtedness
becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise have become due and payable, without such indebtedness
having been discharged, or such acceleration having been rescinded or annulled, which continues for a period of 30 days after written
notice shall have been given to the Company by the Trustee or shall have been given to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of 25% or
more in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes then Outstanding, specifying such default, requiring the Company to remedy the
same and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(e) the
entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case
under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar
official) of the Company or of substantially all the property of the Company or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or

(f) the
commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the Company to the entry of
an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by the Company to the appointment of or taking possession
by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Company or of substantially all the
property of the Company or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the admission by it in writing of its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any action; provided,
however, that no event described in clause (c) or (d) above shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder until a Responsible
Officer assigned to and working in the Trustees corporate trust department has actual knowledge thereof or until a written notice
of any such event is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office, and such notice refers to the facts underlying such event,
the Senior Notes generally, the Company and the Indenture.

9

Section 2.14 Appointment
of Agents. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Senior Notes.

Section 2.15 Defeasance
upon Deposit of Moneys or U.S. Government Obligations. At the Companys option, either (a) the Company shall be deemed
to have been Discharged from its obligations with respect to the Senior Notes on the first day after the applicable conditions set forth
in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied or (b) the Company shall cease to be under any obligation to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Section 6.04 of the Base Indenture and Sections 2.10, 2.11 and 2.12 with respect
to the Senior Notes at any time after the applicable conditions set forth in Section 12.03 of the Base Indenture have been satisfied.

Section 2.16 FATCA.
The Company agrees (i) to provide to the Trustee with such reasonable information as it has in its possession about holders or other
applicable parties and/or transactions (including any modification to the terms of such transactions) so the Trustee can determine whether
it has tax related obligations under applicable tax laws, rules and regulations (inclusive of directives, guidelines and interpretations
promulgated by competent authorities) in effect from time to time (Applicable Law), and (ii) that the Trustee shall
be entitled to make any withholding or deduction from payments under the Indenture to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law
for which the Trustee shall not have any liability, absent gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee. The
terms of this section shall survive the termination of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 3.

FORM OF
NOTES

Section 3.1 Form of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes and the Trustees Certificate of Authentication to be endorsed thereon are to be substantially
in the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

ARTICLE 4.

ORIGINAL
ISSUE OF NOTES

Section 4.1 Original
Issue of Senior Notes. The Senior Notes may, upon execution of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, be executed by the Company
and delivered to the Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall, upon Company order, authenticate and deliver such Senior Notes
as in such Company order provided.

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.1 Ratification
of Indenture. The Base Indenture, as supplemented by this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Base Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein
provided; provided that the provisions of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture apply solely with respect to the Senior Notes.

10

Section 5.2 Trustee
Not Responsible for Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes
no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Twenty-Fifth
Supplemental Indenture.

Section 5.3 Governing
Law. This Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and each Senior Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under the law of the State
of New York, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of said State.

Section 5.4 Separability.
In case any provision in the Indenture or in the Senior Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 5.5 Counterparts.

(a) This
Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts
shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and of signature
pages by electronic or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the
parties hereto transmitted by PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, including authentication of the Senior
Notes, shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall
be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic
means.

(b) The
Trustee shall have the right to accept and act upon instructions, including funds transfer instructions (Instructions) given
pursuant to this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture and delivered using Electronic Means; provided, however, that the Company shall provide
to the Trustee an incumbency certificate listing officers with the authority to provide such Instructions (Authorized Officers)
and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Officers, which incumbency certificate shall be amended by the Company whenever
a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee Instructions using Electronic Means
and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such Instructions, the Trustees understanding of such Instructions shall be
deemed controlling. The Company understands and agrees that the Trustee cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such
Instructions and that the Trustee shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Officer listed
on the incumbency certificate provided to the Trustee have been sent by such Authorized Officer. The Company shall be responsible
for ensuring that only Authorized Officers transmit such Instructions to the Trustee and that the Company and all Authorized Officers
are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and/or authentication
keys upon receipt by the Company. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from the Trustees reliance upon and compliance with such Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent
with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees: (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means
to submit Instructions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized Instructions, and the
risk of interception and misuse by third parties; (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the
various methods of transmitting Instructions to the Trustee and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than
the method(s) selected by the Company; (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission
of Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances; and (iv) to
notify the Trustee immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures.

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the
day and year first above written.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/
Daniel A. Greenblatt

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to
Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Nathaniel Henkle

Name: Nathaniel Henkle

Title: Agent

[Signature Page to Twenty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture]

Appendix I

PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES

Section 1. Definitions.
For the purposes of this Appendix the following terms shall have the meanings indicated below:

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking,
socit anonyme, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.,
as operator of the Euroclear System, or any successor securities clearing agency.

Non-U.S. Person means a Person who
is not a U.S. person, as defined in Regulation S. QIB means a qualified institutional buyer, as that term
is defined in Rule 144A. Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

Regulation S Certificate means a certificate
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

Resale Restriction Termination Date
means, with respect to any Senior Note, the date that is one year (or such other period as may hereafter be provided under Rule 144
under the Securities Act or any successor provision thereto as permitting the resale by non-affiliates of Restricted Securities without
restriction) after the later of the original issue date in respect of such Senior Note and the last date on which the Company or any Affiliate
of the Company was the owner of such Senior Note (or any Predecessor Security thereto).

Restricted Period means the 40-day
distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S.

Restricted Security has the meaning
assigned to such term in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act; provided, however, that the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
at its request, and conclusively rely on an Opinion of Counsel with respect to whether any Senior Note constitutes a Restricted Security.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A
under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

I-1

Section 2. General
Terms. Senior Notes offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A shall, unless the Company
otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more permanent global Securities substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to collectively herein
as the Rule 144A Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its
nominee, for credit to an account of members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and shall be duly executed
by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Global Securities
may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or
its nominee, as hereinafter provided. Senior Notes offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities
Act shall, unless the Company otherwise notifies the Trustee in writing, be issued in the form of one or more global Securities substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, except as otherwise permitted herein. Such global Securities shall be referred to herein
as the Regulation S Global Securities, and shall be deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee
for the accounts of designated Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream and shall be duly executed by the Company and
authenticated by the Trustee as provided herein. The aggregate principal amount of Regulation S Global Securities may from time to time
be increased or decreased by adjustments made in the records of the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter
provided.

Subject
to the limitations on the issuance of certificated Securities set forth in Sections 4 and 5 of this Appendix, Securities issued
pursuant to Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture in exchange for or upon transfer of beneficial interests (a) in Rule 144A
Global Securities shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the Rule 144A Physical Securities) or (b) in Regulation S Global Securities (if any), on or after the Regulation
S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Securities, shall be in the form of permanent certificated Securities
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Regulation S Physical Securities), respectively, as hereinafter
provided.

The
Rule 144A Physical Securities and Regulation S Physical Securities shall be construed to include any certificated Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes, and the Rule 144A Global Securities and Regulation S Global Securities shall be construed to include any global Securities
issued in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 3.04, 3.06 or 3.07 of the Base Indenture or pursuant to any partial redemption of the Senior
Notes. The Rule 144A Physical Securities and the Regulation S Physical Securities, together with any other certificated Securities
issued and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively herein referred to as the Physical Securities.
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities, together with any other global Securities that are issued
and authenticated pursuant to the Indenture, are sometimes collectively referred to as the Global Securities.

Section 3. Restrictive
and Global Securities Legends.

(a) Each
of the Global Securities and Physical Securities (and all Securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the
following legend set forth below (the Private Placement Legend) on the face thereof until the Private Placement Legend is
removed or not required in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 5(d) of this Appendix:

I-2

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S.
PERSONS, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW. EACH ACQUIROR OF THIS NOTE IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE COMPANY OR SELLER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A, REGULATION S OR ANOTHER EXEMPTION
THEREUNDER.

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN,
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (A QIB), (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, IS NOT ACQUIRING THIS NOTE FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON,
AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (C) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL
ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER REGULATION D PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT) (AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR), (2) AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS
ACQUIRED NOTES, THAT IT WILL NOT, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS [ONE YEAR FOR NOTES ISSUED PURSUANT TO RULE 144A][40 DAYSFOR
NOTES ISSUED IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S] AFTER THE LATER OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THIS NOTE AND THE DATE
ON WHICH THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OWNED THIS NOTE, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE EXCEPT (A) TO
THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT, (C) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR THAT IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, IN EACH CASE IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THE NOTES OF $250,000, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT
WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR THE OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, AND THAT PRIOR TO SUCH
TRANSFER, FURNISHES (OR HAS FURNISHED ON ITS BEHALF BY A U.S. BROKER DEALER) TO THE TRUSTEE A SIGNED LETTER CONTAINING CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS
AND AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE (THE FORM OF WHICH LETTER CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE FOR
THIS NOTE), (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF
AVAILABLE), (E) PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE), (F) IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT (AND BASED UPON AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IF THE
COMPANY SO REQUESTS) OR (G) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS, AND (3) AGREES THAT IT
WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY OF CLAUSES (C) THROUGH (F) ABOVE, AND THAT THE HOLDER MUST, PRIOR
TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISH TO THE TRUSTEE AND THE COMPANY SUCH CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION AS EITHER OF THEM MAY REASONABLY
REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT SUCH TRANSFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD REFERRED
TO ABOVE, THE HOLDER MUST COMPLETE AND SUBMIT TO THE TRUSTEE THE CERTIFICATE SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE RELATING TO THE MANNER OF SUCH
TRANSFER (THE FORM OF WHICH CERTIFICATE CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE).

I-3

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN),
THE HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE
OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF
THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT
ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE),
OR PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA
OR THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS
OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST
IN THIS NOTE) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAWS.

Each of the Global Securities shall also bear the
following legend on the face thereof:

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC) TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS
IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS
IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS
OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
(AS DEFINED HEREIN).

I-4

Each of the Regulation S Global Securities shall
also bear the following legend on the face thereof:

BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER HEREOF REPRESENTS
THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON NOR IS IT ACQUIRING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION
IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. AS USED HEREIN, THE TERMS OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, UNITED
STATES AND U.S. PERSON HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, upon consummation of the Exchange Offer (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall issue and,
at the written direction of the Company, the Trustee shall authenticate Registered Securities in exchange for Securities accepted for
exchange in the Exchange Offer, which Registered Securities shall not bear the Private Placement Legend, and the Company shall cause the
Depositary to rescind any restriction on the transfer of such Registered Securities.

For purposes of this Section 3(b), the following
terms have the meanings set forth below:

Initial Securities means the Securities
issued on the date hereof and any Securities issued in replacement thereof, but not including any Registered Securities issued in exchange
therefor.

Registered Securities means the Securities
issued in exchange for, and up to an aggregate principal amount equal to, the Initial Securities in compliance with the terms of the Registration
Rights Agreement and containing terms substantially identical to the Initial Securities (except that such Registered Securities will be
registered under the Securities Act and will not be subject to transfer restrictions or bear the Private Placement Legend).

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD Securities (USA)
LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. with
respect to the Initial Securities.

Section 4. Book-Entry
Provisions for Global Securities.

(a) Each
Global Security initially shall (i) be registered in the name of the Depositary for such Global Security or the nominee of such Depositary,
in each case for credit to the account of an Agent Member, and (ii) be delivered to the Trustee as custodian for such Depositary.
None of the Company, any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests of a Global Security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

I-5

(b) Agent
Members shall have no rights under the Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary, or its custodian,
or under such Global Securities. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee and
any agent of any of them as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
herein shall prevent the Company, any other obligor upon the Senior Notes, the Trustee or any agent of any of them from giving effect
to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent
Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner of any Senior Note. The Holder
of a Global Security may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members and Persons that may hold interests
through Agent Members, to take any action that a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Senior Notes.

(c) Transfers
of a Global Security shall be limited to transfers of such Global Security in whole, but, subject to the immediately succeeding sentence,
not in part, to the Depositary, its successors or their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in a Global Security may not
be transferred or exchanged for Physical Securities unless (i) the Company has consented thereto in writing, or such transfer or
exchange is made pursuant to the next sentence, and (ii) such transfer or exchange is in accordance with the applicable rules and
procedures of the Depositary and the provisions of Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture and Section 5 of this Appendix. Subject
to the limitation on issuance of Physical Securities set forth in Section 5(c) of this Appendix, Physical Securities shall be
transferred to all beneficial owners in exchange for their beneficial interests in the relevant Global Security, if (i) the Depositary
notifies the Company at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for the Global Securities and a successor depositary
is not appointed within 90 days; (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a Clearing Agency under the Exchange
Act and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; (iii) the Company, at its option, notifies the Trustee that it elects
to cause the issuance of Physical Securities; or (iv) an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the
Senior Notes and the Trustee has received a written request from the Depositary to issue Physical Securities.

(d) In
connection with any transfer or exchange of a portion of the beneficial interest in any Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical
Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix, the Registrar shall record on its books and records the date and a decrease
in the principal amount of such Global Security in an amount equal to the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred,
and the Company shall execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, one or more Physical Securities
of like principal amount of authorized denominations.

(e) In
connection with a transfer of an entire Global Security to beneficial owners for Physical Securities pursuant to Section 4(c) of
this Appendix, the applicable Global Security shall be deemed to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, and the Company shall
execute, and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, to each beneficial owner identified by the Depositary,
in exchange for its beneficial interest in the applicable Global Security, an equal aggregate principal amount of Rule 144A Physical
Securities (in the case of any Rule 144A Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Securities (in the case of any Regulation S Global
Security), as the case may be, of authorized denominations.

I-6

(f) The
transfer and exchange of a Global Securities or beneficial interests therein shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with
the Indenture (including applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Appendix) and the procedures therefor
of the Depositary. Any beneficial interest in one of the Global Securities that is transferred to a Person who takes delivery in the form
of an interest in a different Global Security will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Global Security and become an interest
in the other Global Security and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions, if any, and other procedures applicable
to beneficial interests in such other Global Security for as long as it remains such an interest. A transferor of a beneficial interest
in a Global Security shall deliver to the Registrar a written order given in accordance with the Depositarys procedures containing
information regarding the participant account of the Depositary to be credited with a beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security.
Subject to Section 5 of this Appendix, the Registrar shall, in accordance with such instructions, instruct the Depositary to credit
to the account of the Person specified in such instructions a beneficial interest in such Global Security and to debit the account of
the Person making the transfer the beneficial interest in the Global Security being transferred.

(g) Any
Physical Security delivered in exchange for an interest in a Global Security pursuant to Section 4(c) of this Appendix shall,
unless such exchange is made on or after the Resale Restriction Termination Date applicable to such Security and except as otherwise provided
in Sections 3 and 5 of this Appendix, bear the Private Placement Legend.

(h) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, through the Restricted Period, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Security may be held only through designated
Agent Members holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream unless delivery is made in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 5
of this Appendix.

Section 5. Special
Transfer Provisions.

(a) Transfers
to Non-U.S. Persons. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security
that is a Restricted Security to any Non-U.S. Person: The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other applicable
requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
(x) such transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Security or (y) the proposed
transferor has delivered to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee a Regulation S Certificate and, unless otherwise agreed by the
Company, an opinion of counsel, certifications and other information satisfactory to the Company, and

(ii) if
the proposed transferor is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial interest in a Global Security, upon receipt by the
Registrar and the Company and the Trustee of (x) the certificate, opinion, certifications and other information, if any, required
by clause (i) above and (y) written instructions given in accordance with the procedures of the Registrar and of the Depositary;

I-7

whereupon (i) the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records
the date and (if the transfer does not involve a transfer of any outstanding Physical Security) a decrease in the principal amount of
the relevant Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest in the relevant Global Security to
be transferred, and (ii) either (A) if the proposed transferee is or is acting through an Agent Member holding a beneficial
interest in a relevant Regulation S Global Security, the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date and an increase in
the principal amount of such Regulation S Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the beneficial interest being
so transferred or (B) otherwise the Company shall execute and (upon receipt of a Company Order) the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver one or more Physical Securities of like amount.

(b) Transfers
to QIBs. The following provisions shall apply with respect to the registration of any proposed transfer of a Security that is a Restricted
Security to a QIB (excluding transfers to Non-U.S. Persons): The Registrar shall register such transfer if it complies with all other
applicable requirements of the Indenture (including Section 3.06 of the Base Indenture) and,

(i) if
such transfer is being made by a proposed transferor who has checked the box provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has
otherwise certified to the Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that the sale has been made in compliance with the provisions
of Rule 144A to a transferee who has signed the certification provided for on the form of such Security stating, or has otherwise
certified to Registrar and the Company and the Trustee in writing, that it is purchasing such Security for its own account or an account
with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is a QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A,
and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information regarding
the Company as it has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and that it is aware that
the transferor is relying upon its foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A;
and

(ii) if
the proposed transferee is an Agent Member, and the Security to be transferred consists of a Physical Security that after transfer is
to be evidenced by an interest in a Global Security or consists of a beneficial interest in a Global Security that after the transfer
is to be evidenced by an interest in a different Global Security, upon receipt by the Registrar of written instructions given in accordance
with the Depositarys and the Registrars procedures, whereupon the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date
and an increase in the principal amount of the transferee Global Security in an amount equal to the principal amount of the Physical Security
or such beneficial interest in such transferor Global Security to be transferred, and the Trustee shall cancel the Physical Security so
transferred or reflect on its books and records the date and a decrease in the principal amount of such transferor Global Security, as
the case may be.

(c) Limitation
on Issuance of Physical Securities. No Physical Security shall be exchanged for a beneficial interest in any Global Security, except
in accordance with Section 4 of the Appendix and this Section 5.

I-8

A beneficial owner of an interest in a Regulation
S Global Security shall not be permitted to exchange such interest for a Physical Security until a date, which must be after the end of
the Restricted Period, on which the Company receives a certificate of beneficial ownership substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B from such beneficial owner (a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership). Such date, as it relates to a Regulation
S Global Security, is herein referred to as the Regulation S Security Exchange Date.

(d) Private
Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or replacement of Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend,
the Registrar shall deliver Securities that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. Upon the registration of, transfer, exchange or
replacement of Securities bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private Placement
Legend unless (i) the requested transfer is after the relevant Resale Restriction Termination Date with respect to such Securities,
(ii) upon written request of the Company after there is delivered to the Registrar an opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel
are satisfactory to the Company) to the effect that neither such legend nor the related restrictions on transfer are required in order
to maintain compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, (iii) with respect to a Regulation S Global Security (on or after
the Regulation S Security Exchange Date with respect to such Regulation S Global Security) or Regulation S Physical Security, in each
case with the agreement of the Company, or (iv) such Securities are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act.

(e) Other
Transfers. The Registrar shall effect and register, upon receipt of a written request from the Company to do so, a transfer not otherwise
permitted by this Section 5, such registration to be done in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions of this Section 5,
upon the furnishing by the proposed transferor or transferee of a written opinion of counsel (which opinion and counsel are satisfactory
to the Company) to the effect that, and such other certifications or information as the Company may require (including, in the case of
a transfer to an Accredited Investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act), a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D) to confirm that, the proposed transfer
is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

A Security that is a Restricted Security may not
be transferred other than as provided in this Section 5. A beneficial interest in a Global Security that is a Restricted Security
may not be exchanged for a beneficial interest in another Global Security other than through a transfer in compliance with this Section 5.

(f) General.
By its acceptance of any Security bearing the Private Placement Legend, each Holder acknowledges the restrictions on transfer of such
Security set forth in the Indenture and in the Private Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in the Indenture.

The
Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to Section 4 of the Appendix
or this Section 5 (including all Securities received for transfer pursuant to this Section 5). The Company shall have
the right to require the Registrar to deliver to the Company, at the Companys expense, copies of all such letters, notices or other
written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable written notice to the Registrar.

I-9

In connection with any transfer of any Senior Note,
the Trustee, the Registrar and the Company shall be entitled to receive, shall be under no duty to inquire into, may conclusively presume
the correctness of, and shall be fully protected in relying upon the certificates, opinions and other information referred to herein (or
in the forms provided herein, attached hereto or to the Securities, or otherwise) received from any Holder of the Senior Notes and any
transferee of any Senior Note regarding the validity, legality and due authorization of any such transfer, the eligibility of the transferee
to receive such Security and any other facts and circumstances related to such transfer.

I-10

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]

[Insert any applicable legends as provided in Appendix I of this Twenty-Fifth
Supplemental Indenture.]

A-1

CUSIP No. [ ]1

EQT CORPORATION

6.500% SENIOR NOTE DUE 2048

No. [ ] $[ ]

[As revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached
hereto]2

Interest.
EQT Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (herein called the Company,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to [ ]3
or registered assigns, the principal sum of [ ] dollars ($[ ])[,
as revised by the Schedule of Increases or Decreases in Global Security attached hereto,]4
on July 15, 2048 and to pay interest thereon (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) from January 15,
2025 or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on January 15
and July 15 in each year, commencing July 15, 2025 at the rate of 6.500% per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made
available for payment.

Method
of Payment. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided
in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close
of business on the December 31 or June 30 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, preceding the relevant Interest
Payment Date (the Record Date). Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be
payable to the Holder on such regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor
Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by
the Trustee, notice thereof having been given to the Holder of this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) not less than 10
days prior to such Special Record Date, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any)
and any such interest on this Security will be made at the Corporate Trust Office in U.S. Dollars.

1
26884L BE8 (144A) / U2689E AJ9 (Regulation S)

2
Include only if issued in global form.

3
For Global Securities insert: Cede & Co.

4
Include only if issued in global form.

A-2

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth
at this place.

Authentication.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature,
this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer.

[ ],
20[ ]

EQT CORPORATION

By: 

Name: Daniel A. Greenblatt

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

A-4

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

Dated: [ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

as Trustee, certifies

that this is one of

the Securities referred

to in the Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-5

[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]

Indenture.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company, issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture,
dated as of March 18, 2008, between EQT Corporation (the Company), as successor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as
trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), as supplemented and
amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2008, and by a Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 2,
2025 (as so supplemented, herein called the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, to which Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities
thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Senior Notes and of the terms upon which the Senior Notes are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof, initially in aggregate principal amount
of $67,196,000.

Additional
Interest. If, under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 2, 2025, by and among the Company, TD
Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc.,
a Registration Default (as defined therein) occurs with respect to this Security, the interest rate on this Security shall be increased
by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such Registration Default and (ii) an
additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and including the date such Registration
Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00% per annum (any such interest being referred to herein as Additional Interest).
References herein to interest include any such Additional Interest then owing. The Trustee shall not be responsible for
calculating Additional Interest or monitoring or determining when, or if, a Registration Default has occurred or ended.

Optional
Redemption. The Senior Notes are subject to redemption at the Companys option, at any time and from time to time prior
to the Stated Maturity Date, in whole or in part.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed prior to
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be
redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Senior Notes
that would have been due if such Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (exclusive of interest accrued to, but excluding, the Redemption
Date) discounted to the Redemption Date on a semiannual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate (as defined below) plus 50 basis points, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the
Senior Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

If any of the Senior Notes are redeemed on or after
the Par Call Date, the Redemption Price will be 100% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date.

For purposes of determining the Redemption Price
for the optional redemption of the Senior Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

A-6

Comparable Treasury Issue means the
U.S. Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes, determined
as if the Senior Notes matured on the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life), that would be utilized, at the time of selection
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the
Remaining Life of the Senior Notes.

Comparable Treasury Price means, with
respect to any Redemption Date: (i) the average of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding
the highest and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent is unable to obtain at least four such
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations obtained by the Quotation Agent.

Par Call Date means January 15,
2048.

Quotation Agent means a Reference Treasury
Dealer selected by the Company.

Reference Treasury Dealer means (i) each
of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., and their
respective successors, so long as it is a primary U.S. government securities dealer (a Primary Treasury Dealer), and (ii) a
Primary Treasury Dealer selected by PNC Capital Markets LLC or its successor; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease
to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.

Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, an average, as determined by the Quotation
Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue for the Senior Notes (expressed in each case as a percentage of its
principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by that Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the
third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to
any Redemption Date for the Senior Notes, the rate per year equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury
Issue, calculated using a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable
Treasury Price for that Redemption Date; provided, however, that if no maturity is within three months before or after the Par Call Date,
yields for the two published maturities most closely corresponding to such United States Treasury security will be determined and the
Treasury Rate will be interpolated or extrapolated from those yields on a straight line basis rounding to the nearest month. The Treasury
Rate will be calculated by the Quotation Agent on the third Business Day preceding the Redemption Date. The Trustee shall not be responsible
for calculating or verifying the Redemption Price or the Treasury Rate.

Notice
of any redemption will be mailed, or delivered electronically if such Senior Notes are held by any Depositary (including, without limitation,
DTC) in accordance with such Depositarys customary procedures, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption
Date to each registered Holder of Senior Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Company defaults in payment of the Redemption Price,
on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Senior Notes or portions of the Senior Notes called for redemption.

A-7

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of
the Senior Notes for redemption will be made by the Trustee by lot (or with respect to any Global Securities, in accordance with DTCs
policies and procedures). No notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Senior Note is to be redeemed
in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Senior Note will state the portion of the principal amount of such Senior
Note to be redeemed. A new Senior Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of such Senior Note will be issued in the
name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original Senior Note. For so long as the Senior Notes are held by
DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of such Senior Notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Defaults
and Remedies. If an Event of Default with respect to the Senior Notes shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Senior
Notes may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

Amendment,
Modification and Waiver. The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Senior Notes to be affected under the Indenture
at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes
at the time Outstanding. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the Senior Notes at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Senior Notes, to waive compliance by the Company with certain
provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder
of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any security issued
upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Security.

Denominations,
Transfer and Exchange. The Senior Notes are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and
in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth,
the Senior Notes are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes of like tenor of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration
of transfer at the Registrar accompanied by a written request for transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Registrar duly
executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Senior Notes of like tenor, of
authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.

A-8

No service charge shall be made for any such registration
of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable
in connection therewith.

Persons
Deemed Owners. Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent
of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether
or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Miscellaneous.
The Indenture and this Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of said State.

All terms used in this Security and not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-9

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned Holder hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) to

(Print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)

(Insert
Taxpayer Identification No. of assignee)

the within Security and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting
and appointing

attorney to transfer such Security on the books of the Company with
full power of substitution in the premises.

Check One

(a) this Security is being transferred in compliance with the exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
provided by Rule 144A thereunder.

or

(b) this Security is being transferred other than in
accordance with (a) above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of transfer set forth in this Security
and the Indenture.

If neither of the foregoing boxes is checked, the Trustee or other
Registrar shall not be obligated to register this Security in the name of any Person other than the Holder hereof unless and until the
conditions to any such transfer of registration set forth herein and in Section 5 of Appendix I of the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental
Indenture shall have been satisfied.

Date: 

(Signature) 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within-mentioned instrument in every particular, without alteration or any change whatsoever.

A-10

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the
Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined
by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

The undersigned represents and warrants that it is
purchasing this Security for its own account or an account with respect to which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and
any such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and acknowledges that it has received such information
regarding the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined not to request such information and
that it is aware that the transferor is relying upon the undersigneds foregoing representations in order to claim the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144A.

Dated: 

NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer

A-11

SCHEDULE OF INCREASES OR DECREASES IN GLOBAL SECURITY

The following increases or
decreases in this Global Security have been made:

Date of 

Exchange Amount of 

increase in 

Principal

Amount of this

Global Security Amount of 

decrease in 

Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security Principal 

Amount of this 

Global Security 

following each 

decrease or 

increase Signature of 

authorized 

signatory of 

Trustee

A-12

EXHIBIT B

Form of Certificate of Beneficial Ownership

[ ],
20[ ]

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT
Corporation (the Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This
letter relates to $[ ] principal amount of Notes represented by the
offshore global note certificate (the Regulation S Global Security). Pursuant to Section 5(c) of Appendix I to
the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes, the undersigned hereby certifies that (1) it
is the beneficial owner of such principal amount of Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Security and (2) it is either (i) a
Non-U.S. person to whom the Notes could be transferred in accordance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S (Regulation S)
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or (ii) a U.S. person who purchased securities
in a transaction that did not require registration under the Act.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate have
the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF HOLDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

B-1

EXHIBIT C

Form of Regulation S Certificate

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the
Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed sale of $[ ] aggregate
principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that such sale has been effected pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation S (Regulation
S) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and accordingly, the undersigned hereby certifies
as follows:

1. The
offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States (unless such person or the account held by it for which it is acting
is excluded from the definition of U.S. person pursuant to Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the circumstances
described in Rule 902(h)(3) of Regulation S) or specifically targeted at an identifiable group of U.S. citizens abroad.

2. Either
(a) at the time the buy order was originated, the buyer was outside the United States or the undersigned and any person acting on
the undersigneds behalf reasonably believed that the buyer was outside the United States or (b) the transaction was executed
in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the undersigned nor any person acting on the
undersigneds behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States.

3. No
directed selling efforts have been made in the United States in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(a)(2) or Rule 904(a)(2) of
Regulation S, as applicable.

4. The
proposed transfer of Notes is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

5. If
the undersigned is a dealer or a person receiving a selling concession or other fee or remuneration in respect of the Notes, and the proposed
transfer takes place before end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, or the undersigned is an officer or director
of the Company or a distributor, the undersigned certifies that the proposed transfer is being made in accordance with the provisions
of Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S.

6. If
the proposed transfer takes place before the end of the distribution compliance period under Regulation S, the beneficial interest in
the Notes so transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear (as defined in such Indenture) or Clearstream (as defined
in such Indenture).

C-1

7. The
undersigned has advised the transferee of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes.

You, the Company, and counsel for the Company are
entitled to rely upon this Certificate and are irrevocably authorized to produce this Certificate or a copy hereof to any interested party
in any administrative or legal proceeding or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby. Terms used in this certificate
have the meanings set forth in Regulation S.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF SELLER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

Date of this Certificate: ,
20__

C-2

EXHIBIT D

Form of Certificate from Acquiring Institutional
Accredited Investors

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON

500 Ross Street, 12th Floor

Pittsburgh, PA 15262

Attention: Corporate Trust Administration

Re: EQT Corporation (the
Company)

6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the Notes)

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In
connection with the undersigneds proposed acquisition of $[ ]
aggregate principal amount of Notes, the undersigned confirms that:

1. The
undersigned understands that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Twenty-Fifth
Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2025, relating to the Notes (together with the Indenture, dated as of March 18,
2008, between the Company, as successor, and you, as trustee, supplemented and amended by a Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30,
2008, and as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified, the Indenture) and the undersigned agrees to be bound
by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

2. The
undersigned understands that the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law, and that
the Notes may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except as permitted in the following sentence. The undersigned agrees, on
its own behalf and on behalf of any accounts for which it is acting as hereinafter stated, that if the undersigned should offer, sell,
transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Notes within one year after the original issuance of the Notes, the undersigned
will do so only (A) to the Company, (B) inside the United States to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance
with Rule 144A under the Securities Act, (C) inside the United States to an institutional accredited investor
(as defined below) that, prior to such transfer, furnishes to you a signed letter substantially in the form of this letter, (D) outside
the United States to a foreign person in compliance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (E) pursuant to
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available), or (F) pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act, and the undersigned further agrees to provide to any person purchasing any of the Notes
from the undersigned a notice advising such purchaser that resales of the Notes are restricted as stated herein and in the Indenture.

D-1

3. The
undersigned understands that, on any proposed transfer of any Notes prior to the later of the original issue date of the Notes and the
last date the Notes were held by an affiliate of the Company pursuant to paragraphs 2(C), 2(D) and 2(E) above, the undersigned
will be required to furnish to you and the Company such certifications, legal opinions and other information as you and the Company may
reasonably require to confirm that the proposed transfer complies with the foregoing restrictions. The undersigned further understands
that the Notes purchased by the undersigned will bear a legend to the foregoing effect.

4. The
undersigned is an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under
the Securities Act) and have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and the undersigned and any accounts for which the undersigned is acting are acquiring the Notes
for investment purposes and not with a view to, or offer or sale in connection with, any distribution in violation of the Securities Act,
and we are each able to bear the economic risk of our or its investment.

5. The
undersigned is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or for one or more accounts (each of which is an institutional
accredited investor) as to each of which the undersigned exercises sole investment discretion.

You, the Company and counsel to the Company are
entitled to rely upon this letter and are irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any interested party in any
administrative or legal proceedings or official inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.

Very truly yours,

[NAME OF TRANSFEREE]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Address:

D-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.19
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_ex4-19.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.19
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.19

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
dated April 2, 2025 (this Agreement) is entered into by and among EQT Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation
(the Company) and TD Securities (USA) LLC (TD Securities), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (J.P.
Morgan), Mizuho Securities USA LLC (Mizuho), MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (MUFG)
and Truist Securities, Inc. (Truist) (each a Dealer Manager and, collectively, the Dealer
Managers).

The Company has made an offer
to exchange any and all of the outstanding (i) 7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Existing June 2027 Notes),
(ii) 6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Existing July 2027 Notes), (iii) 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028
(the Existing 2028 Notes), (iv) 4.500% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Existing January 2029 Notes),
(v) 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the Existing April 2029 Notes), (vi) 7.500% Senior Notes due 2030
(the Existing 2030 Notes), (vii) 4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the Existing 2031 Notes),
and (viii) 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the Existing 2048 Notes) (collectively, the Existing Notes)
of EQM Midstream Partners, LP (formerly known as EQT Midstream Partners, LP), a Delaware limited partnership and an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company (EQM), for new series of the Companys (i) 7.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the
New June 2027 Notes), (ii) 6.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the New July 2027 Notes),
(iii) 5.500% Senior Notes due 2028 (the New 2028 Notes), (iv) 4.50% Senior Notes due 2029 (the New
January 2029 Notes), (v) 6.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the New April 2029 Notes), (vi) 7.500%
Senior Notes due 2030 (the New 2030 Notes), (vii) 4.75% Senior Notes due 2031 (the New 2031 Notes),
and (viii) 6.500% Senior Notes due 2048 (the New 2048 Notes) (collectively, the New Notes).
The New Notes will be issued upon the terms set forth in the Offering Memorandum (as defined below). The Company has agreed to provide
the Holders (as defined below) of the New Notes the registration rights set forth in this Agreement. The Dealer Managers have severally
agreed to act as dealer managers pursuant to a dealer manager and solicitation agent agreement dated as of February 24, 2025 among
the Company and the Dealer Managers (the Dealer Manager Agreement). The New Notes will be issued pursuant to the
Indenture (as defined below), between the Company (as successor to Equitable Resources, Inc.) and the Trustee (as defined below).
As an inducement to the Dealer Managers, the Company agrees with the Dealer Managers, for the benefit of the Holders (as defined below)
as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

Business Day
shall mean each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday which is not a day on which banking institutions in New York are generally
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Company
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Dealer Manager
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Dealer Manager Agreement
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

EQM shall
have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Exchange Act
shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Exchange Dates
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) hereof.

Exchange Notes
shall mean senior notes of a series issued by the Company under the Indenture and containing terms substantially identical in all material
respects to the applicable series of New Notes (except that the Exchange Notes will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or to any
increase in annual interest rate for failure to comply with this Agreement) and to be offered to Holders in exchange for Registrable Securities
of such series pursuant to the Exchange Offer for such series.

Exchange Offer
shall mean the exchange offer by the Company of Exchange Notes of each series for Registrable Securities of such series pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer Registration
Statement shall mean an exchange offer registration statement on Form S-4 (or, if applicable, on another appropriate form
as selected by the Company) and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, in each case including the Prospectus contained
therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by reference therein.

FINRA
shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Free Writing Prospectus
shall mean each free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) prepared by or on behalf of the Company
and used by the Company in connection with the sale of the New Notes or the Exchange Notes.

Holders
shall mean holders of Registrable Securities, and each of their successors, assigns and direct and indirect transferees who become owners
of Registrable Securities under the Indenture; provided that, for purposes of Section 4 and Section 5 hereof, the term
Holders shall include Participating Broker-Dealers.

Indemnified Person
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) hereof.

Indemnifying Person
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c) hereof.

Indenture
shall mean either (i) the Indenture dated as of March 18, 2008 between the Company (as successor to Equitable Resources, Inc.)
and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, as supplemented in relation to the New Notes by one or more supplement
indentures, or (ii) an indenture having terms substantially similar to the indenture described in clause (i) to be entered into
between the Company and an institution that is qualified under the Trust Indenture Act to serve as trustee under such indenture, in each
case as the same may be amended and further supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof with applicability to
the New Notes and the Exchange Notes.

Inspector
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a)(xv) hereof.

Issuer Information
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a) hereof.

2

Majority Holders
shall mean the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registrable Securities; provided that whenever
the consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage of Registrable Securities is required hereunder, any Registrable Securities
owned directly or indirectly by the Company or any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) shall be disregarded in determining whether such consent or approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage
or amount.

New Notes
shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Notice and Questionnaire
shall mean a notice of registration statement and selling security holder questionnaire distributed to a Holder by the Company upon receipt
of a Shelf Request from such Holder.

Offering Memorandum
shall mean the confidential Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement, dated as of February 24, 2025, distributed in
connection with the offer to exchange the New Notes for the Existing Notes.

Participating Broker-Dealers
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof.

Participating Holder
shall mean any Holder of Registrable Securities that has returned a completed and signed Notice and Questionnaire to the Company in accordance
with Section 2(b) hereof.

Person
shall mean an individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust or unincorporated organization, or a government or
agency or political subdivision thereof.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in, or, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Act, deemed a part of, a Registration
Statement, including any preliminary prospectus, and any such prospectus as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, including
a prospectus supplement with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Shelf Registration
Statement, and by all other amendments and supplements to such prospectus, and in each case including any document incorporated by reference
therein.

Registrable Securities
shall mean the New Notes; provided that the New Notes shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of the
following: (i) when a Registration Statement with respect to such New Notes has become effective under the Securities Act and such
New Notes have been exchanged or disposed of pursuant to such Registration Statement, (ii) when such New Notes cease to be outstanding
and (iii) when such New Notes have been resold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (but not Rule 144A) without
regard to volume restrictions, provided that the Company shall have removed or caused to be removed any restrictive legend on the
New Notes.

Registration Default
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Exchange Offer of the Exchange Notes for all New Notes validly tendered
in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Offer is not completed on or prior to the Target Registration Date or, if a shelf registration
statement is required, such shelf registration statement is not declared effective on or prior to the 60th day after the later of (a) the
Target Registration Date and (b) the date on which the Company receives a duly executed Shelf Request or (ii) if applicable,
a shelf registration statement covering resales of the New Notes has been declared effective and such shelf registration statement ceases
to be effective or the prospectus contained therein ceases to be usable for resales of Registrable Securities (a) on more than two
occasions of at least 30 consecutive days during the required effectiveness period pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof or (b) at
any time in any 12-month period during the required effectiveness period pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof and such failure to
remain effective or be so usable exists for more than 90 days (whether or not consecutive) in any 12-month period.

3

Registration Expenses
shall mean any and all expenses incident to performance of or compliance by the Company with this Agreement, including without limitation:
(i) all SEC or FINRA registration and filing fees, (ii) all fees and expenses incurred in connection with compliance with state
securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of (x) one counsel for any Underwriters or
(y) one counsel for any Holders, in connection with blue sky qualification of any Exchange Notes or Registrable Securities), (iii) all
expenses of the Company in preparing or assisting in preparing, word processing, printing and distributing any Registration Statement,
any Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, any underwriting agreements, securities sales agreements
or other similar agreements and any other documents relating to the performance of and compliance with this Agreement, (iv) all rating
agency fees incurred by the Company (including with respect to maintaining ratings of the New Notes), (v) all fees and disbursements
relating to the qualification of the Indenture under applicable securities laws, (vi) the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements
of the Trustee and its one counsel, (vii) the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and, in the case of a Shelf Registration
Statement, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one counsel for the Participating Holders (which counsel shall be selected
or replaced by the Participating Holders holding a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Registrable Securities held by such Participating
Holders and which counsel may also be counsel for the Dealer Managers) and (viii) the fees and disbursements of the independent registered
public accountants of the Company, including the expenses of any special audits or comfort letters required by or incident
to the performance of and compliance with this Agreement, but excluding fees and expenses of counsel to the Underwriters (other than fees
and expenses set forth in clause (ii) above) or the Holders and underwriting discounts and commissions, brokerage commissions and
transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale or disposition of Registrable Securities by a Holder.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement of the Company that covers any of the Exchange Notes or Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement and all amendments and supplements to any such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, in each
case including the Prospectus contained therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by reference
therein.

SEC shall
mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act
shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

4

Shelf Registration
shall mean a registration effected pursuant to Section 2(b).

Shelf Registration
Statement shall mean a shelf registration statement of the Company that covers all or a portion of the Registrable
Securities on an appropriate form under Rule 415 under the Securities Act, or any similar rule that may be adopted by the SEC,
and all amendments and supplements to such registration statement, including post-effective amendments, in each case including the Prospectus
contained therein or deemed a part thereof, all exhibits thereto and any document incorporated by reference therein.

Shelf Request
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) hereof.

Staff
shall mean the staff of the SEC.

Suspension
Actions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(e) hereof.

Target Registration
Date shall mean March 28, 2026.

Trust Indenture
Act shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended from time to time.

Trustee
shall mean the trustee with respect to the New Notes under the Indenture.

Underwriter
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(e) hereof.

Underwritten Offering
shall mean an offering in which Registrable Securities are sold to an Underwriter for reoffering to the public.

2. Registration
Under the Securities Act.

(a) To
the extent not prohibited by any applicable law or regulation, the SEC or applicable interpretations of the Staff, the Company shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to (x) cause to be filed an Exchange Offer Registration Statement covering an offer to the Holders
to exchange all outstanding Registrable Securities for Exchange Notes and (y) cause such Registration Statement to become effective
by the Target Registration Date and, if requested by one or more Participating Broker-Dealers, remain effective until 180 days after the
last Exchange Date for use by such Participating Broker-Dealers. The Company shall commence the Exchange Offer promptly after the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC and use their commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Exchange Offer
not later than 60 days after such effective date.

After the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement has become effective, the Company shall commence the Exchange Offer by mailing and/or electronically delivering, or by causing
the mailing and/or electronic delivery of, the related Prospectus, appropriate letters of transmittal (if necessary) and other accompanying
documents to each Holder stating, in addition to such other disclosures as are required by applicable law, substantially the following:

(i) that
such Exchange Offer is being made pursuant to this Agreement and that all Registrable Securities of such series validly tendered and not
properly withdrawn will be accepted for exchange;

5

(ii) the
dates of acceptance for exchange (which shall be a period of at least 20 Business Days from the date such Prospectus is mailed and/or
electronically delivered) (each, an Exchange Date);

(iii) that
any Registrable Security not tendered will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest but will not retain any rights under this
Agreement, except as otherwise specified herein;

(iv) that
any Holder electing to have any Registrable Security of a series exchanged pursuant to the Exchange Offer for such series will be required
to (A) surrender such Registrable Security, together with the appropriate letters of transmittal (if necessary), to the institution
and at the address and in the manner specified in the Prospectus, or (B) effect such exchange otherwise in compliance with the applicable
procedures of the depositary for such Registrable Security, in each case prior to the close of business on the last Exchange Date with
respect to such Exchange Offer; and

(v) that
any Holder of Registrable Securities of a series will be entitled to withdraw its election, not later than the close of business on the
last Exchange Date with respect to the Exchange Offer for such series, by (A) sending to the institution and at the address specified
in the Prospectus, a facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of such Holder, the principal amount of Registrable Securities
delivered for exchange and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its election to have such Registrable Securities exchanged or (B) effecting
such withdrawal in compliance with the applicable procedures of the depositary for the Registrable Securities.

As a condition to participating
in an Exchange Offer, a Holder will be required to represent to the Company that (1) any Exchange Notes to be received by it will
be acquired in the ordinary course of its business, (2) at the time of the commencement of such Exchange Offer it has no arrangement
or understanding with any Person to participate in the distribution (within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the Exchange Notes in
violation of the provisions of the Securities Act, (3) it is not an affiliate (within the meaning of Rule 405
under the Securities Act) of the Company, (4) if such Holder is not a broker-dealer, that it is not engaged in, and does not intend
to engage in, the distribution of the Exchange Notes and (5) if such Holder is a broker-dealer that will receive Exchange Notes for
its own account in exchange for Registrable Securities that were acquired as a result of market-making or other trading activities, then
such Holder will deliver a Prospectus (or, to the extent permitted by law, make available a Prospectus to purchasers) in connection with
any resale of such Exchange Notes.

As soon as practicable after
the last Exchange Date with respect to an Exchange Offer for Registrable Securities of a series, the Company shall:

(i) accept
for exchange Registrable Securities of such series or portions thereof validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to such
Exchange Offer; and

6

(ii) deliver,
or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation all Registrable Securities of such series or portions thereof so accepted for
exchange by the Company and issue, and cause the Trustee to promptly authenticate and deliver to each Holder, Exchange Notes of such series
equal in principal amount to the principal amount of the Registrable Securities of such series tendered by such Holder; provided that
if any of the Registrable Securities are in book-entry form, the Company shall, in cooperation with the Trustee, effect the exchange of
Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable book-entry procedures.

The Company shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to complete each Exchange Offer as provided above and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and other applicable laws and regulations in connection with
each Exchange Offer. No Exchange Offer shall be subject to any conditions, other than that the Exchange Offer does not violate any applicable
law, rule, regulation or applicable interpretations of the Staff and that no action or proceeding has been instituted or threatened in
any court or by or before any governmental agency relating to the Exchange Offer which, in the Companys judgment, could reasonably
be expected to impair the Companys ability to proceed with the Exchange Offer.

Interest on each Exchange
Note will accrue from the last interest payment date on which interest was paid on each applicable Registrable Security surrendered in
the Exchange Offer, or if no interest has been paid on the applicable Registrable Security surrendered in the Exchange Offer, from the
last interest payment date on which interest was paid on the applicable Existing Note surrendered in connection with the offer to exchange
New Notes for Existing Notes as set forth in the Offering Memorandum.

(b) If
(i) for any reason the Exchange Offer is not completed on or prior to the Target Registration Date or (ii) following the Target
Registration Date the Company receives a written request (a Shelf Request) from (x) any Dealer Manager representing
that it holds Registrable Securities of the applicable series that are or were ineligible to be exchanged in any such Exchange Offer,
or (y) (1) any Holder of Registrable Securities that confirms that any applicable law or interpretations do not permit such
Holder of Registrable Securities to participate in the Exchange Offer, or (2) any Holder of Registrable Securities that participates
in the Exchange Offer who does not receive freely transferable Exchange Notes in exchange for tendered Registrable Securities, or (3) any
Holder of Registrable Securities who validly tendered Registrable Securities pursuant to the Exchange Offer but which were not exchanged
for the applicable Exchange Notes promptly after being accepted for exchange, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause to be filed and become effective a Shelf Registration Statement providing for the sale of all the Registrable Securities of such
series by the Holders thereof; provided that (1) no Holder will be entitled to have any Registrable Securities included in
any Shelf Registration Statement, or entitled to use the prospectus forming a part of such Shelf Registration Statement, until such Holder
shall have delivered a completed and signed Notice and Questionnaire and provided such other information regarding such Holder to the
Company as is contemplated by Section 3(b) hereof and, if necessary, the Shelf Registration Statement has been amended to reflect
such information, and (2) the Company shall be under no obligation to file any such Shelf Registration Statement before they are
obligated to file an Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof.

7

In the event that the Company
is required to file a Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to file and cause to become effective both an Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to
Section 2(a) hereof with respect to all Registrable Securities and, with respect to any Registrable Securities to which clause
(ii) of the immediately preceding paragraph applies, a Shelf Registration Statement (which may be a combined Registration Statement
with the Exchange Offer Registration Statement) with respect to offers and sales of such Registrable Securities held by the Holders after
completion of the Exchange Offer.

The Company agrees to use
its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective until the date on which the New Notes
covered thereby cease to be Registrable Securities (the Shelf Effectiveness Period). The Company further agrees to
use its commercially reasonable efforts to supplement or amend the Shelf Registration Statement, the related Prospectus and any Free Writing
Prospectus if required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company for such Shelf
Registration Statement or by the Securities Act or by any other rules and regulations thereunder or if reasonably requested by a
Participating Holder of Registrable Securities with respect to information relating to such Holder, and to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause any such amendment to become effective, if required, and such Shelf Registration Statement, Prospectus or Free Writing
Prospectus, as the case may be, to become usable as soon as thereafter practicable. The Company agrees to furnish to the Participating
Holders copies of any such supplement or amendment promptly after its being used or filed with the SEC, as reasonably requested by the
Participating Holders.

(c) The
Company shall pay all Registration Expenses in connection with any registration pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) hereof.
Each Holder shall pay all underwriting discounts and commissions, brokerage commissions and transfer taxes, if any, relating to the sale
or disposition of such Holders Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement.

(d) An
Exchange Offer Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof will not be deemed to have become effective unless it
has been declared effective by the SEC. A Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(b) hereof will not be deemed to
have become effective unless it has been declared effective by the SEC or is automatically effective upon filing with the SEC as provided
by Rule 462 under the Securities Act.

If a Registration Default
occurs with respect to a series of Registrable Securities, the interest rate on the Registrable Securities (and only the Registrable Securities)
of such series will be increased by (i) 0.25% per annum for the first 90-day period beginning on the day immediately following such
Registration Default and (ii) an additional 0.25% per annum with respect to each subsequent 90-day period, in each case until and
including the date such Registration Default ends, up to a maximum increase of 1.00 % per annum. A Registration Default ends with respect
to any New Notes when such New Notes cease to be Registrable Securities or, if earlier, (1) in the case of a Registration Default
under clause (i) of the definition thereof, when the Exchange Offer for such series is completed or when the Shelf Registration Statement
covering such Registrable Securities becomes effective or (2) in the case of a Registration Default under clause (ii) of the
definition thereof, when the Shelf Registration Statement again becomes effective or the Prospectus again becomes usable. If at any time
more than one Registration Default has occurred and is continuing, then, until the next date that there is no Registration Default, the
increase in interest rate provided for by this paragraph shall apply as if there occurred a single Registration Default that begins on
the date that the earliest such Registration Default occurred and ends on the next date that there is no Registration Default.

8

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement, if the applicable Exchange Offer with respect to a series of Registrable Securities is consummated, any
Holder who was, at the time such Exchange Offer was pending and consummated, eligible to exchange, and did not validly tender, or withdrew,
its New Notes for Exchange Notes in such Exchange Offer will not be entitled to receive any additional interest pursuant to the immediately
preceding paragraph, and such New Notes will no longer constitute Registrable Securities hereunder.

Any amounts of additional
interest due under this Section 2(d) will be payable in cash on the regular interest payment dates of the New Notes. The additional
interest will be determined by multiplying the applicable additional interest rate by the principal amount of the New Notes, multiplied
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days such additional interest rate was applicable during such period (determined
on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months, but it being understood that if the regular interest payment date of
the New Notes is not a Business Day and the payment is made on the next succeeding Business Day, no further interest will accrue as a
result of such delay), and the denominator of which is 360.

(e) The
Company shall be entitled to suspend its obligation to file any amendment to a Shelf Registration Statement, furnish any supplement or
amendment to a Prospectus included in a Shelf Registration Statement or any Free Writing Prospectus, make any other filing with the SEC
that would be incorporated by reference into a Shelf Registration Statement, cause a Shelf Registration Statement to remain effective
or the Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus usable or take any similar action (collectively, Suspension Actions)
if there is a possible acquisition, disposition or business combination or other transaction, business development or event involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries that may require disclosure in the Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus and the Company determines
that such disclosure is not in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders or obtaining any financial statements relating to
any such acquisition or business combination required to be included in the Shelf Registration Statement or Prospectus would be impracticable.
Upon the occurrence of any of the conditions described in the foregoing sentence, the Company shall give prompt notice of the delay or
suspension (but not the basis thereof) to the Participating Holders. Upon the termination of such condition, the Company shall promptly
proceed with all Suspension Actions that were delayed or suspended and, if required, shall give prompt notice to the Participating Holders
of the cessation of the delay or suspension (but not the basis thereof).

(f) Without
limiting the remedies available to the Dealer Managers and the Holders, the Company acknowledges that any failure by the Company to comply
with its obligations under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof may result in material irreparable injury to the
Dealer Managers or the Holders for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such
injuries precisely and that, in the event of any such failure, the Dealer Managers or any Holder may seek to specifically enforce the
Companys obligations under Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof.

9

3. Registration
Procedures.

(a) In
connection with its obligations pursuant to Section 2(a) and Section 2(b) hereof, the Company shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to:

(i) prepare
and file with the SEC a Registration Statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act, which form (A) shall be selected
by the Company (B) shall, in the case of a Shelf Registration, be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities by the Participating
Holders thereof and (C) shall comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the applicable form and include
or incorporate by reference all financial statements required by the SEC to be filed therewith; and cause such Registration Statement
to become effective and remain effective for the applicable period in accordance with Section 2 hereof;

(ii) prepare
and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective amendments to each Registration Statement as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective for the applicable period in accordance with Section 2 hereof and cause each Prospectus to be supplemented by
any required prospectus supplement and, as so supplemented, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act; and keep each
Prospectus current during the period described in Section 4(a)(3) of, and Rule 174 under, the Securities Act that is applicable
to transactions by brokers or dealers with respect to the Registrable Securities or Exchange Notes;

(iii) to
the extent any Free Writing Prospectus is used, file with the SEC any Free Writing Prospectus that is required to be filed by the Company
with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act and to retain a copy of any Free Writing Prospectus not required to be filed;

(iv) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, furnish to each Participating Holder, to the Dealer Managers (if any Registrable Securities held by
the Dealer Managers are included in the Shelf Registration Statement), to counsel for such Participating Holders, to counsel for the Dealer
Managers and to each Underwriter of an Underwritten Offering of Registrable Securities, if any, without charge, as many copies of each
Prospectus, preliminary prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto (other than any document that amends
and supplements any Prospectus, preliminary prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus because it is incorporated by reference therein), as
such Participating Holder, counsel or Underwriter may reasonably request in writing in order to facilitate the sale or other disposition
of the Registrable Securities thereunder; and, subject to Section 3(c) hereof, the Company consents to the use of such Prospectus,
preliminary prospectus or such Free Writing Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto in accordance with applicable law by each
of the Participating Holders and any such Underwriters in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered
by and in the manner described in such Prospectus, preliminary prospectus or such Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto in accordance with applicable law;

10

(v) register
or qualify the Registrable Securities under all applicable state securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions of the United
States as any Participating Holder shall reasonably request in writing by the time the applicable Registration Statement becomes
effective; cooperate with such Participating Holders in connection with any filings required to be made with FINRA; and do any and
all other acts and things within the Companys reasonable control that may be reasonably necessary to enable each
Participating Holder to complete the disposition in each such jurisdiction of the Registrable Securities owned by such Participating
Holder; provided that the Company shall not be required to (1) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a
dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (2) execute or file any
general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (3) subject itself to taxation or service of process in any
such jurisdiction if it is not already so subject;

(vi) notify
counsel for the Dealer Managers (it being understood that for purposes of this Agreement, such references to such counsel shall mean counsel
on the date of this Agreement unless the Dealer Managers notify the Company in writing otherwise) and, in the case of a Shelf Registration,
notify each Participating Holder and counsel for such Participating Holders (it being understood that for purposes of this Agreement,
references to such counsel shall only be applicable to the extent that the Company has been provided with contact information for such
counsel) promptly and, if requested by any such Participating Holder or counsel, confirm such advice in writing (1) when a Registration
Statement has become effective, when any post-effective amendment thereto has been filed and becomes effective, when any Free Writing
Prospectus has been filed or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus has been filed, (2) of
the issuance by the SEC or any state securities authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or
the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, including the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the SEC to the
use of a Shelf Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities
Act, (3) if, between the applicable effective date of a Shelf Registration Statement and the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities
covered thereby, the representations and warranties of the Company contained in any underwriting agreement, securities sales agreement
or other similar agreement, if any, relating to an offering of such Registrable Securities cease to be true and correct in all material
respects or if the Company receives any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any U.S. jurisdiction or the initiation of any proceeding for such purpose, (4) of the happening of any event during
the period a Registration Statement is effective that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or the related Prospectus
or any Free Writing Prospectus untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in such Registration Statement
or Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not misleading and (5) of any determination
by the Company that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or any Free
Writing Prospectus would be appropriate;

(vii) notify
counsel for the Dealer Managers or, in the case of a Shelf Registration, notify each Participating Holder and counsel for such Participating
Holders, of any request by the SEC or any state securities authority for amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement, Prospectus
or any Free Writing Prospectus or for additional information after the Registration Statement has become effective;

11

(viii) obtain
the withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or, in the case of a Shelf Registration, the resolution
of any objection of the SEC pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act, including by filing an amendment to such Registration
Statement on the proper form, as soon as reasonably practicable and provide prompt notice to each Holder or Participating Holder of the
withdrawal of any such order or such resolution;

(ix) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, furnish to each Participating Holder, without charge, upon request, at least one conformed copy of
each Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto (without any documents incorporated therein by reference or
exhibits thereto, unless requested), if such documents are not available via EDGAR;

(x) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, cooperate with the Participating Holders to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates
representing Registrable Securities to be sold and not bearing any restrictive legends and enable such Registrable Securities to be issued
in such denominations and, in the case of certificated securities, registered in such names (consistent with the provisions of the Indenture)
as such Participating Holders may reasonably request at least one Business Day prior to the closing of any sale of Registrable Securities;

(xi) upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(a)(vi)(4) hereof, prepare and file with the SEC a supplement or post-effective
amendment to the applicable Exchange Offer Registration Statement or Shelf Registration Statement or the related Prospectus or any Free
Writing Prospectus or any document incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered
(or, to the extent permitted by law, made available) to purchasers of the Registrable Securities, such Prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus,
as the case may be, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and the Company shall notify the Participating
Holders (in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement) and the Dealer Managers and any Participating Broker-Dealers known to the Company
(in the case of an Exchange Offer Registration Statement) to suspend use of the Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus as promptly
as practicable after the occurrence of such an event, and such Participating Holders, such Participating Broker-Dealers and the Dealer
Managers, as applicable, hereby agree to suspend use of the Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may be, until the Company
has amended or supplemented the Prospectus or the Free Writing Prospectus, as the case may be, to correct such misstatement or omission;
provided that the Company shall not be required to take any action pursuant to this Section 3(a)(xi) during any suspension
period pursuant to Sections 2(e) or 3(d);

12

(xii) a
reasonable time prior to the filing of any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus, any amendment to a Registration
Statement or amendment or supplement to a Prospectus or a Free Writing Prospectus, provide copies of such document to the Dealer Managers
and their counsel (and, in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, to the Participating Holders and their counsel) and make such of
the representatives of the Company as shall be reasonably requested by the Dealer Managers or their counsel (and, in the case of a Shelf
Registration Statement, the Participating Holders or their counsel) available for discussion of such document at reasonable times and
upon reasonable notice; and the Company shall not, at any time after initial filing of a Registration Statement, use or file any Prospectus,
any Free Writing Prospectus, any amendment of or supplement to a Registration Statement or a Prospectus or a Free Writing Prospectus,
of which the Dealer Managers and their counsel (and, in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Participating Holders and their
counsel) shall not have previously been advised and furnished a copy or to which the Dealer Managers or their counsel (and, in the case
of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Participating Holders or their counsel) shall reasonably object in writing within two Business
Days after the receipt thereof, unless the Company believes that use or filing of such Prospectus, Free Writing Prospectus, or any amendment
of or supplement thereto is required by applicable law;

(xiii) obtain
a CUSIP number for all Exchange Notes of each series or Registrable Securities of each series that are registered on a Shelf Registration
Statement, as the case may be, not later than the initial effective date of a Registration Statement;

(xiv) cause
the Indenture to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act in connection with the registration of the Exchange Notes or Registrable Securities,
as the case may be; cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders to effect such changes to the Indenture as may be required for the Indenture
to be so qualified in accordance with the terms of the Trust Indenture Act; and execute, cause the Trustee to execute, all documents as
may be required to effect such changes and all other forms and documents required to be filed with the SEC to enable the Indenture to
be so qualified in a timely manner;

(xv) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, make available for inspection by a representative of the Participating Holders (an Inspector),
any Underwriters participating in any disposition pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement, one firm of attorneys and one firm of
accountants designated by a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Securities held by the Participating Holders and
one firm of attorneys and one firm of accountants designated by such Underwriters, at reasonable times and in a reasonable manner, all
pertinent financial and other records, documents and properties of the Company and its subsidiaries reasonably requested by any such Inspector,
Underwriter, attorney or accountant, and cause the respective officers, directors and employees of the Company to supply all information
reasonably requested by any such Inspector, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with a Shelf Registration Statement and
customary due diligence related to the offering and sale of Registrable Securities thereunder, subject to such parties conducting such
investigation entering into confidentiality agreements as the Company may reasonably require and to any applicable privilege;

(xvi) [Reserved];

13

(xvii) if
reasonably requested by any Participating Holder, promptly include or incorporate by reference in a Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information with respect to such Participating Holder as such Participating Holder reasonably requests to be included therein
and make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Company has received notification of the matters to be so included in such filing; and

(xviii) in
the case of a Shelf Registration, enter into such customary agreements and take all such other actions in connection therewith (including
those requested by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities covered by the Shelf Registration Statement)
in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities including, but not limited to, an Underwritten Offering
and in such connection, (1) provided that the Participating Holders representations and warranties are of the substance
and scope as are customarily made by selling security holders to underwriters in underwritten offerings, to the extent possible, make
such representations and warranties to the Participating Holders and any Underwriters of such Registrable Securities with respect to the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries and the Registration Statement, Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus and documents incorporated
by reference or deemed incorporated by reference, if any, in each case, in form, substance and scope as are customarily made by issuers
to underwriters in underwritten offerings and consistent with the applicable representations and warranties in the Dealer Manager Agreement
and confirm the same if and when requested pursuant to the applicable underwriting agreement, (2) obtain opinions of counsel to the
Company (which opinions, in form, scope and substance, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Participating Holders and such Underwriters
and their respective counsel) addressed to the Underwriter of Registrable Securities, in customary form and subject to customary limitations,
assumptions and exclusions and covering the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings, provided that,
if required by the Underwriter, counsel for the Participating Holders shall provide an opinion to the Underwriter covering the matters
customarily covered in opinions requested from selling security holders by underwriters in underwritten offerings, in connection with
an Underwritten Offering (3) in connection with an Underwritten Offering, obtain comfort letters from the independent
registered public accountants and independent reserve engineers of the Company (and, if necessary, any other registered public accountant
or reserve engineer of any subsidiary of the Company, or of any business acquired by the Company for which financial statements and financial
data or reserve information and production data are or are required to be included in the Registration Statement) addressed to the Underwriter
of Registrable Securities, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily covered in comfort
letters in connection with underwritten offerings, including but not limited to financial information, reserve information and production
data contained in any preliminary prospectus, Prospectus or Free Writing Prospectus and (4) in connection with an Underwritten Offering,
deliver such documents and certificates as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters, and which are customarily delivered in underwritten
offerings, to evidence the continued validity of the representations and warranties made pursuant to clause (1) above and to evidence
compliance with any customary conditions contained in an underwriting agreement.

14

(b) In
the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Company may require, as a condition to include such Holders Registrable Securities
in such Shelf Registration Statement, each Holder of Registrable Securities to furnish to the Company a Notice and Questionnaire and such
other information regarding such Holder and the proposed disposition by such Holder of such Registrable Securities and other documentation
necessary to effectuate the proposed disposition as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing and require such Holder
to agree in writing to be bound by all provisions of this Agreement applicable to such Holder. Each Holder of Registrable Securities as
to which any Shelf Registration is being effected agrees to furnish promptly to the Company all information required to be disclosed so
that the information previously furnished to the Company by such Holder is not materially misleading and does not omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made.

(c) Each
Participating Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(a)(vi)(2) or
Section 3(a)(vi)(4) hereof, such Participating Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant
to the Shelf Registration Statement until such Participating Holders receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus
and any Free Writing Prospectus contemplated by Section 3(a)(xi) hereof and, if so directed by the Company, such Participating
Holder will deliver to the Company all copies in its possession, other than permanent file copies then in such Participating Holders
possession, of the Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus covering such Registrable Securities that is current at the time of receipt
of such notice.

(d) If
the Company shall give any notice to suspend the disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement, the Company
shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the period of suspension, and the Company shall extend the period during
which such Registration Statement shall be maintained effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number of days during the period from
and including the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date when the Holders of such Registrable Securities shall have
received copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus or any Free Writing Prospectus necessary to resume such dispositions or notice
that such amendment or supplement is not necessary, provided that no such extension shall be made in the case where such suspension
is solely a result of the Companys compliance with Section 3(d) or any other suspension at the request of a Holder. Any
such suspensions shall not exceed (i) two occasions of 30 consecutive days for each suspension or (ii) 90 days at any time in
any 12-month period.

(e) The
Participating Holders who desire to do so may sell such Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering. In any such Underwritten
Offering, the investment bank or investment banks and manager or managers (each an Underwriter) that will administer
the offering will be selected by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities included in such offering,
subject in each case to consent by the Company (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed so long as such bank or manager is
internationally recognized as an underwriter of debt securities offerings). All fees, costs and expenses of the Underwriters, except
for Registration Expenses, shall be borne solely by the Participating Holders.

15

(f) No
Holder of Registrable Securities may participate in any Underwritten Offering hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such
Holders Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder
to approve such arrangements and (b) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements
and other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

4. Participation
of Broker-Dealers in Exchange Offer.

(a) The
Staff has taken the position that any broker-dealer that receives Exchange Notes for its own account in an Exchange Offer in exchange
for New Notes that were acquired by such broker-dealer as a result of market-making or other trading activities (a Participating
Broker-Dealer) may be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and must deliver a
prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act in connection with any resale of such Exchange Notes.

The Company understands that
it is the Staffs position that if the Prospectus contained in an Exchange Offer Registration Statement includes a plan of distribution
containing a statement to the above effect and the means by which Participating Broker-Dealers may resell the Exchange Notes, without
naming the Participating Broker-Dealers or specifying the amount of Exchange Notes owned by them, such Prospectus may be delivered by
Participating Broker-Dealers (or, to the extent permitted by law, made available to purchasers) to satisfy their prospectus delivery obligation
under the Securities Act in connection with resales of Exchange Notes for its own accounts, so long as the Prospectus otherwise meets
the requirements of the Securities Act.

(b) In
light of the above, and notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, the Company agrees to amend or supplement the Prospectus
contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement for a period of up to 180 days after the last Exchange Date (as such period may
be extended pursuant to Section 3(d) hereof) if requested by one or more Participating Broker-Dealers, in order to expedite
or facilitate the disposition of any Exchange Notes by Participating Broker-Dealers consistent with the positions of the Staff recited
in Section 4(a) above. The Company further agrees that, subject to Section 3(c) hereof, Participating Broker-Dealers
shall be authorized to deliver such Prospectus (or, to the extent permitted by law, make available) during such period in connection with
the resales contemplated by this Section 4.

(c) The
Dealer Managers shall have no liability to the Company or any Holder with respect to any request that they may make pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof.

16

5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) The
Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Dealer Manager and each Holder, their respective directors, officers and employees, each
Person, if any, who controls any Dealer Manager or any Holder within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act, and each affiliate of any Dealer Manager within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act (any of the
foregoing, an Indemnified Person) from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including,
without limitation, legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted, as
such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (1) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (2) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus or any issuer information
(Issuer Information) filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, or
arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and will reimburse each such Indemnified Person
for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating or defending any such
loss, damage, liability, action or claim as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
liable in any such case to the extent that any such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue
statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to
any Dealer Manager or information relating to any Holder furnished to the Company in writing through TD Securities, J.P. Morgan, Mizuho,
MUFG, Truist or any selling Holder, respectively, expressly for use therein.

(b) Each
Holder agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Dealer Managers and the other selling Holders,
the directors of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls
the Company, any Dealer Manager and any other selling Holder within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act, and each affiliate of any Dealer Manager within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act and such Dealer
Managers respective directors, officers and employees, to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (a) above,
but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Holder furnished
to the Company in writing by such Holder expressly for use in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus.

17

(c) If
any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against
any Person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (a) or (b) above, the Indemnified
Person shall promptly notify the Person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the Indemnifying Person)
in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under
paragraph (a) or (b) above except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive
rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from
any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under paragraph (a) or (b) above. If any such proceeding
shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying
Person shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled
to indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 that the Indemnifying Person may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees
and expenses of such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding, as incurred. In any such
proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be
at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed
to the contrary; (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
Indemnified Person; (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it
that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person; or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding
(including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties
by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood and agreed that
the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the
fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees
and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm (x) for any Dealer Manager, its affiliates, directors
and officers and any control Persons of such Dealer Manager shall be designated in writing by TD Securities and J.P. Morgan, (y) for
any Holder, its directors and officers and any control Persons of such Holder shall be designated in writing by the Majority Holders
and (z) in all other cases shall be designated in writing by the Company. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement
of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff,
the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement
or judgment. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending
or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnification could have been
sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (A) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of
such proceeding and (B) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on
behalf of any Indemnified Person.

(d) If
the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in
respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu
of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result
of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received
by the Company from the offering of the New Notes and the Exchange Notes, on the one hand, and by the Holders from receiving New Notes
or Exchange Notes registered under the Securities Act, on the other hand, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is
not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause
(i) but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Holders on the other in connection with the statements or
omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of the Company on the one hand and the Holders on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company or by the Holders and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such statement or omission.

18

(e) The
Company and the Holders agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Holders were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does
not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (d) above. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified
Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (d) above shall be deemed to include,
subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection
with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5, in no event shall a
Holder be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the New Notes or Exchange Notes
sold by such Holder exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Holders
obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 5 are several and not joint.

(f) The
remedies provided for in this Section 5 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be available
to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity.

(g) The
indemnity and contribution provisions contained in this Section 5 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Dealer Managers or any Holder or
any Person controlling any Dealer Manager or any Holder or any affiliate of any Dealer Manager, or by or on behalf of the Company or the
officers or directors of or any Person controlling the Company, (iii) acceptance of any of the Exchange Notes and (iv) any sale
of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement.

6. General.

(a) No
Inconsistent Agreements. The Company represents, warrants and agrees that it has not entered into, or on or after the date of this
Agreement will enter into, any agreement that conflicts with the rights granted to the Holders of Registrable Securities in this Agreement.

(b) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given unless the Company has obtained the written consent
of Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registrable Securities affected by such amendment,
modification, supplement, waiver or consent; provided that no amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent to any departure
from the provisions of Section 5 hereof shall be effective as against any Holder of Registrable Securities unless consented to in
writing by such Holder. Any amendments, modifications, supplements, waivers or consents pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall
be by a writing executed by each of the parties hereto. Each Holder of Registrable Securities outstanding at the time of any such amendment,
modification, supplement, waiver or consent thereafter shall be bound by any such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent
effected pursuant to this Section 6(b), whether or not any notice, writing or marking indicating such amendment, modification, supplement,
waiver or consent appears on the Registrable Securities or is delivered to such Holder. Each Holder may waive compliance with respect
to any obligation of the Company under this Agreement as it may apply or be enforced by such particular Holder.

19

(c) Notices.
All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered first-class
mail, any courier guaranteeing overnight delivery or via email (i) if to a Holder, at the most current address given by such Holder
to the Company by means of a notice given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(c); (ii) if to the Company, initially
at the applicable address set forth in the Dealer Manager Agreement and thereafter at such other address(es), notice of which is given
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(c); (iii) if to a Dealer Manager, initially at such Dealer Managers
address set forth in the Dealer Manager Agreement and thereafter at such other address, notice of which is given in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 6(c); and (iv) to such other Persons at their respective addresses as provided in the Dealer Manager
Agreement and thereafter at such other address, notice of which is given in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6(c).
All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; three
Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; when receipt is acknowledged, if emailed; on the next Business
Day if timely delivered to an air courier guaranteeing overnight delivery.

(d) [Reserved].

(e) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors, assigns and transferees of each of
the parties, including, without limitation and without the need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders; provided that nothing
herein shall be deemed to permit any assignment, transfer or other disposition of Registrable Securities in violation of the terms of
the Indenture. If any transferee of any Holder shall acquire Registrable Securities in any manner, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
such Registrable Securities shall be held subject to all the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such Registrable Securities
such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed to be bound by and to perform all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
and such Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits hereof. The Dealer Managers (in their capacity as Dealer Managers) shall have
no liability or obligation to the Company with respect to any failure by a Holder to comply with, or any breach by any Holder of, any
of the obligations of such Holder under this Agreement.

(f) Third
Party Beneficiaries. The Trustee and each Holder shall be a third party beneficiary of the agreements made hereunder between the
Company, on the one hand, and the Dealer Managers, on the other hand, and shall have the right to enforce such agreements directly to
the extent it deems such enforcement necessary or advisable to protect its rights or the rights of Holders hereunder.

(g) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered (by telecopy, electronic delivery or otherwise) to the other parties. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted
by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic
means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document (including any electronic signature covered by
the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable
law, e.g., www.docusign.com), will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

20

(h) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not a part of this Agreement and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.

(i) Governing
Law; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. This Agreement, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Agreement, shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE
JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH HEREBY WAIVE ANY
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.

(j) Entire
Agreement; Severability. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all oral statements and prior writings with respect thereto. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction contained in this
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable or against public policy, the remainder of
the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions contained herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated. The Company and the Dealer Managers shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, void or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, void or
unenforceable provisions.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the date first written above.

EQT CORPORATION

By: /s/ Jeremy T. Knop 

Name: Jeremy T. Knop 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement]

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

By: /s/ Luiz Lanfredi 

Name: Luiz Lanfredi 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: /s/ Stephen L. Sheiner 

Name: Stephen L. Sheiner 

Title: Executive Director 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC

By: /s/ W. Scott Trachsel 

Name: W. Scott Trachsel 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC.

By: /s/ Thomas Reader 

Name: Thomas Reader 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

TRUIST SECURITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Robert Nordlinger 

Name: Robert Nordlinger 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>eqt-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>eqt-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>eqt-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-3551

Entity Registrant Name EQT
CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000033213

Entity Tax Identification Number 25-0464690

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code PA

Entity Address, Address Line One 625
Liberty Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1700

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15222

City Area Code 412

Local Phone Number 553-5700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol EQT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eqt.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eqt-20250402.xsd 
eqt-20250402_lab.xml 
eqt-20250402_pre.xml 
tm2511277d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-031684-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>tm2511277d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000033213 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000033213 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
EQT CORPORATION 
PA 
001-3551 
25-0464690 
625 Liberty Avenue 
Suite 1700 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15222 
412 
553-5700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
EQT 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>