<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-028767.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-028767.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327160541
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-028767
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250327
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RMR GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644378
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				474122583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37616
		FILM NUMBER:		25779281

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 796-8320

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO NEWTON PL., 255 WASH. ST., STE. 300
		CITY:			NEWTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02458

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RMR Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Reit Management & Research Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2510048d4_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000164437800016443782025-03-272025-03-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 27, 2025

Date of Report 

(Date of earliest event reported)

The RMR Group Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)

Maryland

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-37616 8742 47-4122583

(Commission File Number) (Primary Standard
Industrial (IRS Employer

Classification
Code Number) Identification
Number)

Two Newton Place, 255 Washington Street,
Suite 300, Newton, MA, 02458-1634

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(617) 796-8230

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions.

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
Of Each Class Trading Symbol Name
Of Each Exchange On

Which Registered

Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share RMR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq Capital Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

In this Current Report on Form
8-K, the terms the Company or its refer to The RMR Group Inc. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As described in Item 5.07 below, at the Companys annual meeting
of shareholders held on March 27, 2025 (the 2025 Annual Meeting), the Companys shareholders approved The RMR Group
Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan (the Equity Plan), which amended and restated the Companys
existing Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan to increase by 550,000 the total number of shares of Class A common stock available
for awards and to extend the term of the plan until March 27, 2035, the tenth anniversary of the 2025 Annual Meeting. Employees, directors,
independent contractors and consultants of the Company are eligible to receive awards under the Equity Plan.

A copy of the Equity Plan that was approved by the Companys
shareholders was included as Annex A to the Companys proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting, which proxy statement was filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 16, 2025, and is available at the SECs website at
www.sec.gov. The terms and conditions of the Equity Plan are described in detail in that proxy statement. The foregoing description of
the Equity Plan is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Equity Plan. A copy of the Equity Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto
and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

At the 2025 Annual Meeting, the Companys
shareholders voted on the election of six Directors to the Companys Board of Directors each for a term of office continuing until
the Companys 2026 annual meeting of shareholders and until her, his or their respective successor is duly elected and qualifies.
The following persons were elected as Directors and received the following votes:

Nominee Votes For Withhold Broker 

Non-Votes

Jennifer B. Clark 171,221,294 981,669 1,027,186

Ann Logan 169,049,967 3,152,996 1,027,186

Rosen Plevneliev 169,047,964 3,154,999 1,027,186

Adam Portnoy 169,019,189 3,183,774 1,027,186

Jonathan Veitch 168,007,480 4,195,483 1,027,186

Walter C. Watkins, Jr. 169,003,574 3,199,389 1,027,186

The Companys shareholders also voted on a non-binding advisory
resolution on the compensation paid to the Companys named executive officers as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K
in the Companys proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting. This proposal received the following votes:

For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes

170,701,806 1,430,170 70,987 1,027,186

As described above in Item 5.02, the Companys shareholders also
voted on the approval of The RMR Group Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan. This proposal received the following
votes:

For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes

171,909,324 245,481 48,158 1,027,186

2

The Companys shareholders also ratified the appointment of Deloitte
& Touche LLP as the Companys independent auditors to serve for the 2025 fiscal year. This proposal received the following votes:

For Against Abstain Broker Non-Votes

173,186,737 21,012 22,400 

The results reported above are final voting
results.

Item 8.01. Other Events

The Description of Capital Stock set forth in Exhibit 99.1 is being
filed for the purpose of providing an updated description of capital stock to reflect the previously reported (i) increase in the number
of the Companys authorized shares of Class A common stock by 550,000 and (ii) amendment to the Companys Bylaws. The Description
of Capital Stock will be available for incorporation by reference into filings that may be made from time to time with the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules, regulations, and forms
promulgated thereunder. The Description of Capital Stock set forth in Exhibit 99.1 hereto is incorporated herein by reference and modifies
and supersedes any prior description of the capital stock of the Company in any registration statement or report filed with the SEC. The
summary contained in the Description of Capital Stock is not a complete description of the terms of our capital stock and is qualified
by reference to the Companys Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended, and the Companys Fifth Amended and Restated
Bylaws, copies of which were included as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.6, respectively, to the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2024.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

10.1 The RMR Group Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan

99.1 Description of Capital Stock

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

THE RMR GROUP INC.

Date: March 27, 2025 By: /s/ Matthew P. Jordan

Matthew P. Jordan

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2510048d4_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

THE RMR GROUP INC.

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2016 OMNIBUS EQUITY PLAN

Section 1. Purpose
of Plan.

The name of this plan is The RMR Group Inc. Second Amended and Restated
2016 Omnibus Equity Plan. The purposes of the Plan are to provide additional incentives to selected employees, directors, independent
contractors and consultants of the Company or its Affiliates whose contributions are deemed to be important to the growth and success
of the Company's business in order to strengthen the commitment of such individuals to the Company and its Subsidiaries, motivate such
individuals to perform their responsibilities faithfully and diligently and attract and retain competent and dedicated individuals whose
efforts will result in the long term growth and profitability of the Company. To accomplish such purposes, the Plan provides that the
Company may grant Options, Share Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units, Other Share Based Awards, Cash Awards
or any combination of the foregoing. The Plan is an amendment and restatement of the predecessor The RMR Group Inc. 2016 Omnibus Equity
Plan and the Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan (together, the Predecessor Plans).

Section 2. Definitions.

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set
forth below:

(a) "Administrator"
means the Board or, if and to the extent the Board does not administer the Plan, the Committee or a delegate appointed in accordance with
Section 3 hereof.

(b) "Affiliate"
means a Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Person specified. An entity shall be deemed an Affiliate of the Company for purposes of this definition only for such periods
as the requisite ownership or control relationship is maintained.

(c) "Applicable
Laws" means the applicable requirements under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws,
federal and state tax law, including the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and
the applicable laws of any other country or jurisdiction where Awards are granted under the Plan, as are in effect from time to time (including,
in each case, regulations promulgated thereunder).

(d) "Award"
means any Option, Share Appreciation Right, Restricted Share, Restricted Stock Unit, Other Share Based Award or Cash Award granted under
the Plan.

(e) "Award
Agreement" means any written agreement, contract, notice or other instrument or document evidencing an Award.

(f) "Board"
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

1

(g) "Cash
Award" means cash awarded under Section 10 of the Plan.

(h) "Cause"
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in any individual employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant
or, if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define "Cause," the existence of Cause shall be determined by
the Administrator in its discretion.

(i) "Change
in Capitalization" means any (i) merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out,
repurchase or other reorganization or corporate transaction or event, (ii) special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary
distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, share subdivision or consolidation,
(iii) combination or exchange of shares or (iv) other change in corporate structure, which, in any such case, the Administrator
determines, in its sole discretion, affects the Shares such that an adjustment pursuant to Section 5 hereof is appropriate.

(j) "Change
in Control" means a change in control of the Company occurring after the Effective Date of a nature that would be required to
be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule
or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement; provided, however,
that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if after the Effective Date:

(1) any
"person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than a Founder, is or becomes
the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
Company representing a majority of the combined voting power of all the Company's then-outstanding securities entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors without the prior approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the Board in office immediately prior
to such person attaining such percentage interest;

(2) there
occurs a proxy contest, or the Company is a party to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets, plan of liquidation or other reorganization
not approved by at least two-thirds of the members of the Board then in office, as a consequence of which, in either case, members of
the Board immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter; or

(3) during
any period of two consecutive years, other than as a result of an event described in clause (2) above, individuals who at the beginning
of such period constituted the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Company's
shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of
such period) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

(k) "Code"
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto.

2

(l) "Committee"
means any committee or subcommittee the Board may appoint to administer the Plan. The Committee may appoint a subcommittee to perform
such of its functions as the Committee shall designate, which shall constitute the Committee hereunder for purposes of performing such
functions (including to the extent it is necessary or desirable to have a committee composed entirely of individuals who meet the qualifications
of a "non-employee director" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and any other qualifications required
by the applicable stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded).

(m) "Common
Stock" means the Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

(n) "Company"
means The RMR Group Inc., a Maryland corporation (or any successor company, except, where the context requires, as the term "Company"
is used in the definition of "Change in Control" above).

(o) "Disability"
means, with respect to any Participant, that such Participant (i) as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, is unable
to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected
to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason
of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months
under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company or an Affiliate thereof.

(p) "Effective
Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 18 hereof.

(q) "Eligible
Recipient" means an employee, director, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company who
has been determined to be eligible to receive Awards hereunder by the Administrator.

(r) "Exchange
Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

(s) "Exercise
Price" means, with respect to any Option, the per share price at which a holder of such Option may purchase Shares issuable upon
exercise of such Award and, with respect to a Share Appreciation Right, the base price per share of such Share Appreciation Right, which,
with respect to Options and Share Appreciation Rights, in any event will not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant.

(t) "Fair
Market Value" of a share of Common Stock or another security as of a particular date shall mean the fair market value as determined
by the Administrator in its sole discretion; provided, however (i) if the Common Stock or other security is admitted
to trading on a national securities exchange, the fair market value on any date shall be the closing sale price reported on such date,
or if no shares were traded on such date, on the last preceding date for which there was a sale of a share of Common Stock on such exchange,
or (ii) if the Common Stock or other security is then traded in an over-the-counter market, the fair market value on any date shall
be the average of the closing bid and asked prices for such share in such over-the-counter market for the last preceding date on
which there was a sale of such share in such market.

3

(u) "Founder"
means Barry M. Portnoy, Adam D. Portnoy or any Person controlled by either or both of them or any member of the Immediate Family of either
or both of them or the beneficiaries of such Person's estate.

(v) "Immediate
Family" means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships.

(w) "ISO"
means an Option intended to be and designated as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

(x) "Nonqualified
Stock Option" shall mean an Option that is not an ISO.

(y) "Option"
means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 7 hereof. The term "Option" as used in the
Plan includes the terms "Nonqualified Stock Option" and "ISO."

(z) "Other
Share Based Award" means a right or other interest granted pursuant to Section 10 hereof that may be denominated or payable
in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, the Common Stock, including, but not limited to,
unrestricted Shares, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents or performance units, each of which may or may not be subject to the
attainment of performance goals determined by the Committee or a period of continued employment or other terms or conditions as permitted
under the Plan.

(aa) "Participant"
means any Eligible Recipient selected by the Administrator, pursuant to the Administrator's authority provided for in Section 3 below,
to receive an Award, and, if applicable, upon his or her death, his or her successors, heirs, executors and administrators, as the case
may be.

(bb) "Person"
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a general or limited partnership, an association, a limited liability company, a governmental
entity, a trust, a joint venture, a joint stock company or other entity or organization.

(cc) "Plan"
means this Second Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan.

(dd) "Restricted
Shares" means Shares granted pursuant to Section 9 below subject to certain restrictions that lapse at the end of a specified
period (or periods) and/or upon attainment of specified performance objectives.

4

(ee) "Restricted
Stock Unit" means the right granted pursuant to Section 9 hereof to receive a Share at the end of a specified restricted
period (or periods) of time and/or upon attainment of specified performance objectives.

(ff) "Securities
Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time

(gg) "Shares"
means shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to the Plan, and any successor (pursuant to a
merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other reorganization) security.

(hh) "Share
Appreciation Right" means the right pursuant to an Award granted under Section 8 below to receive an amount equal to the
excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value, as of the date such Award or portion thereof is surrendered, of the Shares
covered by such Award or such portion thereof, over (ii) the aggregate Exercise Price of such Award or such portion thereof.

(ii) "Subsidiary"
means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any other Person as to which such first Person owns or otherwise controls,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares or other similar interests or a sole general partner interest or managing member
or similar interest of such other Person. An entity shall be deemed a Subsidiary of the Company for purposes of this definition only for
such periods as the requisite ownership or control relationship is maintained.

Section 3. Administration.

(a) The
Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Administrator, subject to any restrictions on
the authority delegated to it, shall have the power and authority, without limitation:

(1) to
determine Eligible Recipients and select those Eligible Recipients who shall be Participants;

(2) to
determine whether and to what extent Options, Share Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units, Cash Awards, Other
Share Based Awards or a combination of any of the foregoing, are to be granted hereunder to Participants;

(3) to
determine the number of Shares or the amount of cash to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

(4) to
determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. of each Award granted hereunder (including, but not limited
to, (i) the restrictions applicable to Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units and the conditions under which restrictions applicable
to such Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units shall lapse, (ii) the performance goals and periods (if any) applicable to Awards,
(iii) the Exercise Price of Awards, (iv) the vesting schedule applicable to each Award, (v) the amount of cash or other
property subject to each Award and (vi) subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (to the extent applicable),
any amendments to the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards, including, but not limited to, extending the exercise period of such
Awards and accelerating the vesting schedule of such Awards);

5

(5) to
determine the Fair Market Value in accordance with the terms of the Plan;

(6) to
determine the duration and purpose of leaves of absence which may be granted to a Participant without constituting termination of the
Participant's employment for purposes of Awards granted under the Plan;

(7) to
adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, regulations, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time
deem advisable; and

(8) to
construe and interpret the terms and provisions of, and supply or correct omissions in, the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and
any Award Agreement relating thereto), and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan and to exercise all powers and authorities
either specifically granted under the Plan or necessary and advisable in the administration of the Plan; and to prescribe, amend and rescind
rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws or for qualifying for
favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws, which rules and regulations may be set forth in an appendix or appendixes
to the Plan.

(b) Without
limitation of the authority of the Administrator under Section 5, Options and Share Appreciation Rights may not be re-priced or canceled
and re-granted at a lower exercise, base or purchase price without first obtaining the approval of the Company's shareholders. In addition,
if an Option or Share Appreciation Right has an Exercise Price that is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
on the applicable date, the award may not be cancelled in exchange for a cash payment.

(c) All
decisions made by the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Persons, including
the Company and the Participants. No member of the Board or the Committee, nor any officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary
thereof acting on behalf of the Board or the Committee, shall be personally liable for any action, omission, determination or interpretation
taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and all members of the Board or the Committee and each and any officer or employee
of the Company and of any Subsidiary thereof acting on their behalf shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified
and protected by the Company in respect of any such action, omission, determination or interpretation.

(d) The
Board or Committee may in its discretion, and to the extent it determines to be permissible under applicable law, regulation and the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (or such other applicable exchange on which the Company's equity securities are listed), delegate some or
all of its authority, duties and responsibilities hereunder to officers or employees of the Company as the Board or Committee may determine,
under such terms and conditions as the Board or Committee may establish from time to time.

6

Section 4. Shares
Reserved for Issuance Under the Plan.

(a) Subject
to Section 5 hereof, the number of shares of Common Stock that are reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted
under the Plan shall be 1,500,000, inclusive of shares of Common Stock reserved under the Predecessor Plans.

(b) Shares
issued under the Plan may, in whole or in part, be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares that shall have been or may be reacquired
by the Company in the open market, in private transactions or otherwise. If any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged
or surrendered or if an Award otherwise terminates or expires without a distribution of shares to the Participant, the Shares with respect
to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, exchange, surrender, termination or expiration, again be available
for Awards under the Plan. Shares surrendered or withheld as payment of either the Exercise Price
of an Award (including Shares otherwise underlying an Award of a Share Appreciation Right that are retained by the Company to account
for the Exercise Price of such Share Appreciation Right) and/or withholding taxes in respect of an Award, in each such case only to the
extent such surrender or withholding occurs on or after March 27, 2025, shall not be available again for grant under the Plan. In
addition, (i) to the extent an Award is denominated in shares of Common Stock, but paid or settled in cash, the number of shares
of Common Stock with respect to which such payment or settlement is made shall again be available for grants of Awards pursuant to the
Plan and (ii) shares of Common Stock underlying Awards that can only be settled in cash shall not reduce the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock available for Awards under the Plan.

(c) Subject
to adjustment as provided by Section 5, no more than 1,500,000 Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs.

Section 5. Equitable
Adjustments.

In the event of any Change in Capitalization, an equitable substitution
or proportionate adjustment shall be made in (i) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan
pursuant to Section 4 and the maximum number of Shares that may be subject to Awards granted to any Participant in any calendar or
fiscal year, (ii) the kind, number of securities subject to, and Exercise Price subject to outstanding Options and Share Appreciation
Rights granted under the Plan, and (iii) the kind, number and purchase price of Shares or other securities or the amount of cash
or amount or type of other property subject to outstanding Restricted Shares, Restricted Stock Units or Other Share Based Awards granted
under the Plan; provided, however that any fractional shares resulting from the adjustment shall be eliminated. Such other
equitable substitutions or adjustments shall be made as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, in connection with a Change in Capitalization, the Administrator may provide, in its sole discretion,
but subject in all events to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, for the cancellation of any outstanding Award granted
hereunder in exchange for payment in cash or other property having an aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares covered by such Award,
reduced by the aggregate Exercise Price or purchase price thereof, if any; provided, however that if the Exercise Price
or purchase price of any outstanding Award is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock, cash or other
property covered by such Award, the Administrator may cancel such Award without the payment of any consideration to the Participant: provided
that prior to any such cancellation the Participant shall be given a reasonable opportunity to exercise the applicable Award, regardless
of any otherwise applicable vesting schedule. Further, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to Awards subject
to foreign laws, adjustments made hereunder shall be made in compliance with applicable requirements. Except to the extent determined
by the Administrator, any adjustments to ISOs under this Section 5 shall be made only to the extent not constituting a "modification"
within the meaning of Section 424(10(3) of the Code. The Administrator's determinations pursuant to this Section 5 shall
be final, binding and conclusive.

7

Section 6. Eligibility.

The Participants under the Plan shall be selected from time to time
by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from those individuals that qualify as Eligible Recipients.

Section 7. Options.

(a) General.
With respect to each Participant who is granted an Option, the Award Agreement shall set forth such terms and conditions as the Administrator
shall determine, in its sole discretion, which shall include, among other things, the Exercise Price of the Option, the term of the Option
and provisions regarding exercisability of the Option, and whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or a Nonqualified Stock Option
(and in the event the Award Agreement has no such designation, the Option shall be a Nonqualified Stock Option). The provisions of each
Option need not be the same with respect to each Participant. More than one Option may be granted to the same Participant and be outstanding
concurrently hereunder. Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 7 and
shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable
as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

(b) Exercise
Price. The Exercise Price of Shares purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at
the time of grant, but in no event shall the exercise price of an Option be less than one hundred percent (l00%) of the Fair Market Value
of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant.

(c) Option
Term. The maximum term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years
after the date such Option is granted. Each Option's term is subject to earlier expiration pursuant to the applicable provisions in the
Plan and the Award Agreement.

(d) Exercisability.
Each Option shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator
in the applicable Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability
of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, an Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a share.

8

(e) Method
of Exercise. Options may be exercised in whole or in part by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number
of whole Shares to be purchased, accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares so purchased in cash or
its equivalent, as determined by the Administrator. As determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, with respect to any Option
or category of Options, payment in whole or in part may also be made (i) by means of consideration received under any cashless exercise
procedure approved by the Administrator (including the withholding of Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise), (ii) in the form
of unrestricted Shares already owned by the Participant which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate
exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option shall be exercised, (iii) any other form of consideration approved by the Administrator
and permitted by Applicable Laws or (iv) any combination of the foregoing.

(f) ISOs.
The terms and conditions of ISOs granted hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 422 of the Code and the terms, conditions,
limitations and administrative procedures established by the Administrator from time to time in accordance with the Plan. ISOs may be
granted only to an employee of the Company, any "parent corporation" (as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of
the Code) or a Subsidiary.

(1) ISO
Grants to 10% Shareholders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if an ISO is granted to a Participant who owns shares
representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company, any "parent corporation"
(as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a Subsidiary, the term of the ISO shall not exceed five (5) years
from the time of grant of such ISO and the Exercise Price shall be at least one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value
of the Shares on the date of grant.

(2) $100,000
Per Year Limitation For ISOs. To the extent the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined on the date of grant) of the Shares for which
ISOs are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company) exceeds $100,000,
such excess ISOs shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options.

(3) Disqualifying
Dispositions. Each Participant awarded and exercises an ISO under the Plan shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the
date he or she makes a "disqualifying disposition" of any Share acquired pursuant to the exercise of such ISO. A "disqualifying
disposition" is any disposition (including any sale) of such Shares before the later of (i) two years after the date of grant
of the ISO and (ii) one year after the date the Participant acquired the Shares by exercising the ISO.

(g) Rights
as Shareholder. Without limitation of the rights of the Administrator under Section 5, a Participant shall have no rights to
dividends, dividend equivalents or distributions or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option
until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof, and has paid in full for such Shares, has satisfied the requirements
of Section 14 hereof and has received such Shares.

9

(h) Termination
of Employment or Service. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement:

(1) If
the employment or service of a Participant with the Company and all Affiliates thereof (including by reason of the Participant's employer
ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Company) shall terminate for any reason other than Cause, Disability, or death, (A) Options granted
to such Participant, to the extent that they are exercisable at the time of such termination, shall remain exercisable until the date
that is ninety (90) days after such termination, on which date they shall expire, and (B) Options granted to such Participant, to
the extent that they were not exercisable at the time of such termination, shall expire at the close of business on the date of such termination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of its maximum term.

(2) If
the employment or service of a Participant with the Company and all Affiliates thereof shall terminate on account of the Disability or
death of the Participant, (A) Options granted to such Participant, to the extent that they were exercisable at the time of such termination,
shall remain exercisable until the date that is six (6) months after such termination, on which date they shall expire and (B) Options
granted to such Participant, to the extent that they were not exercisable at the time of such termination, shall expire at the close of
business on the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of its maximum
term.

(3) In
the event of the termination of a Participant's employment or service for Cause, all outstanding Options granted to such Participant shall
expire at the commencement of business on the date of such termination.

(i) Other
Change in Employment Status. An Option shall be subject to such treatment, with regard to vesting schedule, termination and other
terms and conditions, by leaves of absence, including unpaid and unprotected leaves of absence, changes from full-time to part-time employment,
partial Disability or other changes in the employment status of a Participant, as may be determined from time to time in the discretion
of the Administrator (which determination is not required to be the same for all Participants).

Section 8. Share
Appreciation Rights.

(a) General.
Share Appreciation Rights may be granted either alone ("Free Standing Rights") or in conjunction with all or part of
any Option granted under the Plan ("Related Rights"). Related Rights may be granted either at or after the time of the
grant of such Option. The Administrator shall determine the Eligible Recipients to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Share
Appreciation Rights shall be made. Each Participant who is granted a Share Appreciation Right shall be provided with an Award Agreement,
containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, which Award Agreement shall set forth,
among other things, the number of Shares to be awarded, the Exercise Price per Share, and all other conditions of Share Appreciation
Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Related Right may be granted for more Shares than are subject to the Option to which it relates.
The provisions of Share Appreciation Rights need not be the same with respect to each Participant. Share Appreciation Rights granted
under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8 and shall contain such additional
terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable, as set forth in the applicable
Award Agreement.

10

(b) Awards:
Rights as Shareholder. Without limitation of the rights of the Administrator under Section 5, a Participant shall have no rights
to dividends or any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock, if any, subject to a Stock Appreciation
Right until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof, has satisfied the requirements of Section 14 hereof
and has received such Shares.

(c) Exercisability.

(1) Share
Appreciation Rights that are Free Standing Rights shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions
as shall be determined by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement.

(2) Share
Appreciation Rights that are Related Rights shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the Options to which
they relate shall be exercisable in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 hereof and this Section 8 of the Plan.

(d) Payment
Upon Exercise.

(1) Upon
the exercise of a Free Standing Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive up to, but not more than, that number of Shares equal
in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise over the Exercise Price per share specified in the Free Standing
Right multiplied by the number of Shares in respect of which the Free Standing Right is being exercised.

(2) A
Related Right may be exercised by a Participant by surrendering the applicable portion of the related Option. Upon such exercise and surrender,
the Participant shall be entitled to receive up to, but not more than, that number of Shares equal in value to the excess of the Fair
Market Value as of the date of exercise over the Exercise Price specified in the related Option multiplied by the number of Shares in
respect of which the Related Right is being exercised. Options which have been so surrendered, in whole or in part, shall no longer be
exercisable to the extent the Related Rights have been so exercised.

(3) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrator may determine to settle the exercise of a Share Appreciation Right in cash (or in any combination of
Shares and cash).

11

(e) Termination
of Employment or Service. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement:

(1) If
the employment or service of a Participant with the Company and all Affiliates thereof (including by reason of the Participant's employer
ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Company) shall terminate for any reason other than Cause, Disability, or death, (A) Share Appreciation
Rights granted to such Participant, to the extent that they are exercisable at the time of such termination, shall remain exercisable
until the date that is ninety (90) days after such termination, on which date they shall expire, and (B) Share Appreciation Rights
granted to such Participant, to the extent that they were not exercisable at the time of such termination, shall expire at the close of
business on the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Share Appreciation Right shall be exercisable after the expiration
of its maximum term.

(2) If
the employment or service of a Participant with the Company and all Affiliates thereof shall terminate on account of the Disability, or
death of the Participant. (A) Share Appreciation Rights granted to such Participant, to the extent that they were exercisable at
the time of such termination, shall remain exercisable until the date that is six (6) months after such termination, on which date
they shall expire and (B) Share Appreciation Rights granted to such Participant, to the extent that they were not exercisable at
the time of such termination, shall expire at the close of business on the date of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Share Appreciation Right shall be exercisable after the expiration of its maximum term.

(3) In
the event of the termination of a Participant's employment or service for Cause, all outstanding Share Appreciation Rights granted to
such Participant shall expire at the commencement of business on the date of such termination.

(f) Term.

(1) The
term of each Free Standing Right shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Free Standing Right shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years
after the date such right is granted.

(2) The
term of each Related Right shall be the term of the Option to which it relates, but no Related Right shall be exercisable more than ten
(10) years after the date such right is granted.

(g) Other
Change in Employment Status. Share Appreciation Rights shall be subject to such treatment, with regard to vesting schedule, termination
and other terms and conditions, by leaves of absence, including unpaid and unprotected leaves of absence, changes from full-time to part-time
employment, partial Disability or other changes in the employment status of a Participant, as may be determined in the discretion of the
Administrator (which determination is not required to be the same for all Participants).

12

Section 9. Restricted
Shares and Restricted Stock Units.

(a) General.
The Administrator shall determine the Eligible Recipients to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Restricted Shares or Restricted
Stock Units shall be made. Each Participant who is granted Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units shall enter into an Award Agreement
with the Company containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, which Award Agreement
shall set forth, among other things, the number of Shares to be awarded; the price, if any, to be paid by the Participant for the acquisition
of Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units; the period of time restrictions, performance goals or other conditions that apply to delivery
or vesting of such Awards (the "Restricted Period") and all other conditions applicable to the Restricted Shares and
Restricted Stock Units. If the restrictions, performance goals or conditions established by the Administrator are not attained, a Participant
shall forfeit his or her Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units, in accordance with the terms of the grant. The provisions of the
Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units need not be the same with respect to each Participant.

(b) Awards
and Certificates. Except as otherwise provided below in Section 9(c), (i) each Participant who is granted an Award of Restricted
Shares may, in the Company's sole discretion, be issued a share certificate in respect of such Restricted Shares (or such issuance may
be evidenced via book entry); and (ii) any such certificate so issued shall be registered in the name of the Participant, and shall
bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to any such Award.

The Company may require that the share certificates, if any. evidencing
Restricted Shares granted hereunder be held in the custody of the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that,
as a condition of any Award of Restricted Shares, the Participant shall have delivered a share transfer form, endorsed in blank, relating
to the Shares covered by such Award. Certificates for shares of unrestricted Common Stock may, in the Company's sole discretion, be delivered
to the Participant only after the Restricted Period has expired without forfeiture in such Restricted Stock Award.

With respect to Restricted Stock Units to be settled in Shares, at
the expiration of the Restricted Period, share certificates in respect of the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock
Units shall (subject to the following paragraph) be delivered to the Participant, or his legal representative, in a number equal to the
number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Unit Award (subject to any shares withheld in respect of tax withholding,
if applicable).

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, any Restricted
Shares or Restricted Stock Units to be settled in Shares (at the expiration of the Restricted Period, and whether before or after any
vesting conditions have been satisfied) may, in the Company's sole discretion, be issued in uncertificated form.

Further, notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, with
respect to Restricted Stock Units, at the expiration of the Restricted Period, Shares (either in certificated or uncertificated form),
or cash, as applicable, shall promptly be issued to the Participant, unless otherwise deferred in accordance with procedures established
by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, and such issuance or payment shall in any event be made at such time
as is required to avoid the imposition of a tax under Section 409A of the Code.

13

(c) Restrictions
and Conditions. The Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Section 9 shall be subject to such restrictions
or conditions as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant and:

(1) The
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for the lapse of restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions
in whole or in part based on such factors and such circumstances as the Administrator may determine, in its sole discretion, including,
but not limited to, the attainment of certain performance goals established by the Committee, the Participant's termination of employment
or service with the Company or any Affiliate thereof, or the Participant's death or Disability.

(2) Except
as provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the Participant shall generally have the rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect
to Restricted Shares during the Restricted Period. Except as provided in the applicable Award Agreement (and without limiting the rights
of the Administrator under Section 5), the Participant shall generally not have the rights of a shareholder with respect to Shares
subject to Restricted Stock Units during the Restricted Period); provided, however that, subject to Section 409A of
the Code, an amount equal to dividends declared during the Restricted Period with respect to unvested Restricted Stock Units shall, unless
otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, be paid to the Participant at the time (and to the extent) Shares or cash (in the case of Restricted
Stock Units paid or payable in cash) in respect of the related Restricted Stock Units are payable to the Participant.

(3) The
rights of Participants granted Restricted Shares or Restricted Stock Units upon termination of employment or service as a director, independent
contractor or consultant to the Company or to any Affiliate thereof terminates for any reason during the Restricted Period shall be set
forth in the Award Agreement.

(d) Form of
Settlement. The Administrator reserves the right in its sole discretion to provide (either at or after the grant thereof) that any
Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive the amount of cash per unit that is determined by the Administrator in connection
with the Award.

Section 10. Other
Share Based Awards; Cash Awards.

Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have
sole and complete authority to determine the individuals to whom and the time or times at which such Other Share Based Awards shall be
granted. Each Participant who is granted an Other Share Based Award shall receive an Award Agreement, containing such terms and conditions
as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, which Award Agreement shall set forth, among other things, the number of
shares of Common Stock to be granted pursuant to such Other Share Based Awards, or the manner in which such Other Share Based Awards shall
be settled (e.g., in shares of Common Stock, cash or other property), or the conditions, if any, to the vesting and/or payment or settlement
of such Other Share Based Awards (which may include, but not be limited to, achievement of performance criteria) and all other terms and
conditions of such Other Share Based Awards. The Administrator may make Other Share Based Awards consisting of unrestricted Shares to
such individuals and in such amounts as the Administrator may determine (subject to Section 6). The Administrator may also grant
Cash Awards to Participants, upon such terms and conditions as the Administrator may determine in its discretion. No agreement is required
to be executed in respect of awards of vested shares of Common Stock.

14

Section 11. Change
in Control.

Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator and evidenced in an
Award Agreement (but without limitation of the rights of the Administrator hereunder), if (a) a Change in Control occurs, and (b) the
Participant's employment or service is terminated by the Company, its successor or an Affiliate thereof without Cause on or after the
effective date of the Change in Control but prior to the second anniversary of the Change in Control, then, upon such Termination:

(a) any
unvested or unexercisable portion of any Award carrying a right to exercise shall become fully vested and exercisable; and

(b) the
restrictions, deferral limitations, payment conditions and forfeiture conditions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan shall lapse
and such Awards shall be deemed fully vested and any performance conditions imposed with respect to such Awards shall be deemed to be
fully achieved at target performance levels.

If the Administrator determines in its discretion pursuant to Section 3(a)(4) hereof
to accelerate the vesting of Options and/or Share Appreciation Rights in connection with a Change in Control, the Administrator shall
also have discretion in connection with such action to provide that all Options and/or Share Appreciation Rights outstanding immediately
prior to such Change in Control shall expire on the effective date of such Change in Control.

Section 12. Amendment
and Termination.

The Board may amend, alter or terminate the Plan, but no amendment,
alteration or termination shall be made that would materially impair the rights of a Participant under any Award theretofore granted without
such Participant's consent. Approval of the Company's shareholders shall be required for any amendment that would require such approval
in order to satisfy the rules of the stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded or other Applicable Law. The Administrator
may amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Section 5 of the Plan, no such
amendment shall materially impair the rights of any Participant without his or her consent.

Section 13. Unfunded
Status of Plan.

The Plan is intended to constitute an "unfunded" plan for
incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give
any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company.

15

Section 14. Withholding
Taxes.

Each Participant shall, no later than the date as of which the value
of an Award first becomes includible in the gross income of such Participant for purposes of applicable taxes, pay to the Company, or
make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, the minimum amount of any such applicable taxes required by
law to be withheld with respect to the Award. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such
payments or arrangements, and the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment
of any kind otherwise due to such Participant. Whenever cash is to be paid pursuant to an Award, the Company shall have the right to deduct
therefrom an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding tax requirements related thereto. Whenever Shares or property other
than cash are to be delivered pursuant to an Award, the Company shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company
in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy any related taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax obligations; provided, that, with the
approval of the Administrator, a Participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold
from delivery of Shares or other property, as applicable, or (ii) by delivering already owned unrestricted shares of Common Stock.
The Company may in its discretion limit the number of Shares it will withhold or accept in satisfaction of withholding obligations, including
imposing such limitations as it determines to be necessary or desirable to avoid adverse accounting consequences. Such already owned and
unrestricted shares of Common Stock shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date on which the amount of tax to be withheld is
due and any fractional share amounts resulting therefrom shall be settled in cash. Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement, such an
election may be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to an award. The Company may also use any
other method of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by law, to satisfy its withholding obligation with respect to
any Award.

Section 15. Transfer
of Awards.

Until such time as the Awards are fully vested and/or exercisable in
accordance with the Plan or an Award Agreement, no purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, charge, pledge, encumbrance,
gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, any Award or any
agreement or commitment to do any of the foregoing (each a "Transfer") by any holder thereof in violation of the provisions
of the Plan or an Award Agreement will be valid, except with the prior written consent of the Administrator, which consent may be granted
or withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrator. Any purported Transfer of an Award or any economic benefit or interest therein
in violation of the Plan or an Award Agreement shall be null and void ab initio and shall not create any obligation or liability
of the Company, and any Person purportedly acquiring any Award or any economic benefit or interest therein transferred in violation of
the Plan or an Award Agreement shall not be entitled to be recognized as a holder of such Shares or other property underlying such Award.
Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in accordance with the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, an Option or
a Share Appreciation Right may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant or, during any period during
which the Participant is under a legal Disability, by the Participant's guardian or legal representative.

16

Section 16. Continued
Employment.

Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the grant of an Award shall confer
upon any Eligible Recipient or Participant any right to continued employment or service with the Company or any Affiliate thereof, as
the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate thereof to terminate the employment
or service of any individual at any time.

Section 17. Forfeiture
Events; Compensation Recovery Policy.

(a) Notwithstanding
any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if the Administrator determines, after full consideration of the facts, that:

(1) A
Participant has been engaged in fraud, embezzlement or theft in the course of his or her employment by or involvement with the Company
or a Subsidiary, has made unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary information of the Company or a Subsidiary or
of a third party who has entrusted such information to the Company or a Subsidiary, or has been convicted of a felony, or crime involving
moral turpitude or any other crime which reflects negatively upon the Company;

(2) A
Participant has violated the terms of any employment, noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, nondisclosure or other similar
agreement with the Company to which he or she is a party; or

(3) the
employment or involvement with the Company or a Subsidiary of the Participant was terminated for Cause; then the Participant's right to
exercise an exercisable Award shall terminate as of the date of such act (in the case of (1) or (2)) or such termination (in the
case of (3)), the Participant shall forfeit all unexercised Awards and all unvested Awards and the Company shall have the right to repurchase
all or any part of the Shares acquired by the Participant with respect to any Award, at a price equal to the lower of (a) the amount
paid to the Company upon exercise or acquisition (or to cause such shares to be forfeited without consideration if no amount was paid),
or (b) the Fair Market Value of such shares at the time of repurchase. If the holder of an Award whose behavior the Company asserts
falls within the provisions of the clauses above has exercised or attempts to exercise an Award prior to consideration of the application
of this Section 17 or prior to a decision of the Administrator, the Company shall not be required to recognize such exercise until
the Administrator has made its decision and, in the event any exercise shall have taken place, it shall be of no force and effect (and
shall be void ab initio) if the Administrator makes a determination that the Participant had engaged in the proscribed conduct;
provided, however, that if the Administrator finds in favor of the Participant then the Participant will be deemed to have exercised the
Award retroactively as of the date he or she originally gave notice of his or her attempt to exercise or actual exercise, as the case
may be. The decision of the Administrator as to the cause of a Participant's discharge and the damage done to the Company shall be final,
binding and conclusive. No decision of the Administrator, however, shall affect in any manner the finality of the discharge of such Participant
from employment by or service to the Company. For purposes of this Section 17, references to the Company shall include any Subsidiary.

17

(b) All
Awards issued under this Plan shall be subject to the Company's compensation recovery policy as it may be adopted and as amended from
time to time and each Participant who receives an Award hereunder shall be deemed to have consented to the applicability of such recoupment
policy to such Award.

Section 18. Effective
Date.

The 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan's original effective date was March 9,
2016, the Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan was effective as of the close of business on March 10, 2022 and the Second
Amended and Restated 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan shall be effective as of March 27, 2025, subject to approval by the Company's shareholders
(the "Effective Date").

Section 19. Electronic
Signature.

Participant's electronic signature of an Award Agreement shall have
the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by hand.

Section 20. Term
of Plan.

No Award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan on or after March 27,
2035, but Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with their terms.

Section 21. Securities
Matters and Regulations.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the obligation of the Company to sell or deliver Shares with respect to any Award granted under the Plan
shall be subject to all Applicable Laws, rules and regulations, including all applicable federal and state securities laws, and the
obtaining of all such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed necessary or appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator
may require, as a condition of the issuance and delivery of certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof,
that the recipient of such shares make such agreements and representations. and that such certificates bear such legends, as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable.

(b) Each
Award is subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Administrator determines that the listing, registration or qualification
of Shares is required by any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory
body is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the grant of an Award or the issuance of Shares, no such Award
shall be granted or payment made or Shares issued, in whole or in part, unless listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval
has been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Administrator.

18

(c) In
the event that the disposition of Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan is not covered by a then current registration statement under the
Securities Act and is not otherwise exempt from such registration, such Shares shall be restricted against transfer to the extent required
by the Securities Act or regulations thereunder, and the Administrator may require a Participant receiving Common Stock pursuant to the
Plan, as a condition precedent to receipt of such Common Stock, to represent to the Company in writing that the Common Stock acquired
by such Participant is acquired for investment only and not with a view to distribution.

Section 22. Section 409A
of the Code.

The Plan as well as payments and benefits under the Plan are intended
to be exempt from, or to the extent subject thereto, to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent
permitted, the Plan shall be administered and interpreted in accordance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, a Participant
shall not be considered to have terminated employment or service with the Company for purposes of the Plan and no payment shall be due
to the Participant under the Plan or any Award until the Participant would be considered to have incurred a "separation from service"
from the Company and its Affiliates within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments described in the Plan that are due
within the "short term deferral period" as defined in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation
unless Applicable Law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, to the extent that any Awards (or any
other amounts payable under any plan, program or arrangement of the Company or any of its Affiliates) are payable upon a separation from
service and payment at such time would result in the imposition of any individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A
of the Code, the settlement and payment of such awards (or other amounts) shall instead be made on the first business day after the date
that is six (6) months following such separation from service (or death, if earlier). Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided
under this Plan shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. The Company makes no
representation that any or all of the payments or benefits described in this Plan will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A
of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment. The Participant shall
be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A.

Section 23. Notification
of Election Under Section 83(b) of the Code.

If any Participant shall, in connection with the acquisition of shares
of Common Stock under the Plan, make the election permitted under Section 83(b) of the Code, such Participant shall provide
the Company with documentation of such election within ten (10) days after filing notice of the election with the Internal Revenue
Service.

Section 24. No
Fractional Shares.

No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant
to the Plan. The Administrator shall determine whether cash, other Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of such fractional
shares or whether such fractional shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

19

Section 25. Beneficiary.

A Participant may file with the Administrator a written designation
of a beneficiary on such form as may be prescribed by the Administrator and may, from time to time, amend or revoke such designation.
If no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant's estate shall be deemed to be
the Participant's beneficiary.

Section 26. Paperless
Administration.

In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the
services of a third party, an automated system for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such as a system using an internet
website or interactive voice response, then the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of Awards by a Participant may be permitted
through the use of such an automated system.

Section 27. Severability.

If any provision of the Plan is held to be invalid or unenforceable,
the other provisions of the Plan shall not be affected but shall be applied as if the invalid or unenforceable provision had not been
included in the Plan.

Section 28. Governing
Law.

The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of Maryland, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law of such state.

20
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2510048d4_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

The following summary description of our capital
stock is based on the provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, our charter, as amended, and our bylaws, as amended.
This description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the MGCL, as it may
be amended from time to time, and to the terms of our charter and bylaws, as each may be amended from time to time.

General

Our charter authorizes us to issue 32,500,000 shares
of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, 1,000,000 shares of Class B-1 common stock, par value $0.001 per share,
and 15,000,000 shares of Class B-2 common stock, par value $0.001 per share. As permitted by the MGCL and our bylaws, our board has
authorized the issuance of shares of capital stock in uncertificated form. Unless our board determines otherwise, all shares of our capital
stock will be issued in uncertificated form.

The number of authorized shares of stock or the number
of shares of stock of any class or series may be increased or decreased by an amendment to our charter approved by a majority of our entire
board and without any action by the stockholders. Our board may authorize the issuance from time to time of shares of stock of any class
or series, whether now or hereafter authorized, or securities or rights convertible into shares of its stock of any class or series, for
such consideration as our board may deem advisable (or without consideration in the case of a stock split or stock dividend), subject
to such restrictions or limitations, if any, as may be set forth in the charter or the bylaws. Our board may, by articles supplementary,
classify any unissued shares of stock of the company or reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of stock of the company
from time to time by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends
or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of stock. Prior to issuance of classified or reclassified
shares of any class or series, our board by resolution shall: (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other
classes and series of stock of the company; (b) specify the number of shares to be included in the class or series; (c) set
or change, subject to the express terms of any class or series of stock of the company outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion
or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions
of redemption for each class or series; and (d) cause the company to file articles supplementary with the State Department of Assessments
and Taxation of Maryland. The rights, preferences and privileges of our common stock and common stockholders are subject to, and may be
adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any new class or series, whether common or preferred, that our board may
create, designate or issue in the future.

As of February 3, 2025, we had 15,844,688 shares
of Class A common stock, 1,000,000 shares of Class B-1 common stock, and 15,000,000 shares of Class B-2 common stock issued
and outstanding. No other class or series of shares of stock has been established.

Our charter expressly authorizes our board to provide,
out of the authorized and unissued shares of stock of any class, for the issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more classes
or series, and to fix for each such class or series such preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations
as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of such preferred stock, as shall be stated
and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by our board and set forth in articles supplementary filed with the State Department
of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland.

Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are
not liable for our debts or obligations.

Additional classes or series of shares may be issued
without action by our stockholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of the principal stock exchange
on which our securities may be listed. We believe that the ability of our board to issue one or more classes or series of shares with
specified preferences will provide us with flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions, and in meeting other
business needs that may arise. Nonetheless, the unrestricted ability of our board to issue additional shares of a class or series of stock
may have adverse consequences to existing stockholders. Please also see "Description of Certain Provisions of The Maryland General
Corporation Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws-Anti-takeover provisions" below.

Class A common stock

Our Class A common stockholders are entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on our books for all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of Class A common
stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of directors.

The holders of our Class A common stock and
Class B-1 common stock are entitled to share ratably as a single class, in proportion to the number of shares held by them, the dividends
and other distributions, if any, when, as and if authorized by our board and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor,
subject to any preferential distribution rights of any newly created class or series of shares. Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding
up, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B-1 common stock are entitled to receive our net assets available after the
satisfaction (whether by payment or reasonable provision for payment) of all debts and other liabilities, ratably subject to the preferential
rights of any newly created class or series of shares. Holders of Class A common stock have no preemptive, preferential or other
similar rights.

Holders of Class A units of The RMR Group LLC,
or RMR LLC, other than us or our subsidiaries, may cause RMR LLC to redeem their Class A Units for Class A common stock on a
one for one basis or for cash, with the election between Class A common stock and cash determined by the managing member of RMR LLC.
The amount of the alternative cash payment will be based on the market price of our Class A common stock as determined pursuant to
the RMR LLC operating agreement. As of December 31, 2024, we owned 15,844,688 Class A Units and a wholly owned subsidiary of
ABP Trust owned the remaining 15,000,000 redeemable Class A Units. For each Class A Unit redeemed, we will automatically redeem
the corresponding share of Class B-2 common stock, comprising the "paired interest" described herein for no additional
consideration.

Additionally, holders of Class B-1 common stock
may convert their Class B-1 shares for Class A common stock on a one for one basis. As of December 31, 2024, all 1,000,000
shares of Class B-1 common stock were owned by ABP Trust. Upon conversion, the converted shares of Class B-1 common stock will
constitute authorized but unissued shares of Class B-1 common stock.

Under the terms of the RMR LLC operating agreement,
we have agreed to contribute to RMR LLC the net proceeds, if any, received by us in connection with the issuance of any Class A common
stock, less amounts for which we are permitted to be reimbursed under the RMR LLC operating agreement. In exchange for the contribution,
RMR LLC has agreed to issue to us an equivalent number of its Class A Units.

Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol
"RMR."

The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock
is EQ Shareowner Services.

For additional information about our Class A
common stock, including the potential effects that provisions in our charter and bylaws may have in delaying or preventing a change in
control of us, see "Description of Certain Provisions of The Maryland General Corporation Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws"
below.

Class B-1 common stock

Our Class B-1 common stockholders are entitled
to ten votes for each share held of record on our books for all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of Class B-1
common stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of directors.

Our Class B-1 common stock entitles holders
to share ratably with holders of our Class A common stock, as a single class, in proportion to the number of shares held by them,
in dividends and other distributions when and if authorized by our board and declared by us on our common stock out of funds legally available
therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any preferences on the payment of dividends
imposed by the terms of outstanding shares of our preferred stock, if any.

Shares of Class B-1 common stock are subject
to certain restrictions on transfer in accordance with the terms of our charter. Under our charter, Class B-1 common stock may be
transferred to a permitted transferee, including RMR LLC or any of its subsidiaries, our founders, qualified employees, the immediate
family members of our founders or qualified employees, any of their respective lineal descendants or any entity controlled by ABP Trust,
a Maryland statutory trust, or an individual named above. In addition, Class B-1 common stock may be transferred by the creation
of certain security interests, by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution or in any transfer approved in advance by our
board; provided however that realizations on a security interest in Class B-1 common stock will result in (i) those shares,
if authorized by the terms of the pledge, being converted into Class A common stock unless the realization is by a permitted transferee
or (ii) such transfer being void under the charter.

Each share of Class B-1 common stock may, at
the option of the holder, be converted into a share of Class A common stock. Under the terms of the RMR LLC operating agreement,
we have agreed to contribute to RMR LLC the net proceeds, if any, received by us in connection with the issuance of any Class B-1
common stock, less amounts for which we are permitted to be reimbursed under the RMR LLC operating agreement. In exchange for the contribution,
RMR LLC has agreed to issue to us an equivalent number of its Class B Units.

Our Class B-1 common stock does not entitle holders to preemptive,
subscription or redemption rights.

Class B-2 common stock

Our Class B-2 common stockholders are entitled
to ten votes for each share held of record on our books for all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of Class B-2
common stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Shares of Class B-2 common stock are subject
to similar restrictions on transfer as shares of Class B-1 common stock.

Class B-2 common stock constitutes "paired
interests" with Class A Units of RMR LLC. Under our charter, we are not permitted to issue to any person Class B-2 common
stock unless RMR LLC issues at the same time, or agrees to issue at the same time, an equal number of its Class A Units to that person.
Under the terms of the RMR LLC operating agreement, if RMR LLC issues Class A Units to a non-managing member, we have agreed to issue
an equal number of shares of our Class B-2 common stock to such person. In addition, if a non-managing member exercises its right
to cause RMR LLC to redeem a Class A Unit of RMR LLC that it holds, the Class B-2 common stock that comprises a paired interest
with the Class A Unit being redeemed will also automatically be redeemed by us for no additional consideration.

Holders of Class B-2 common stock are not entitled
to receive any dividends or other distributions. Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the holders of Class B-2 common
stock will not be entitled to receive any of our remaining assets.

Our Class B-2 common stock does not entitle
holders to preemptive, subscription or conversion rights.

Voting Rights

Except as otherwise required in the charter or by
applicable law, all holders of Class A common stock, Class B-1 common stock, and Class B-2 common stock shall vote together
as a single class on all matters on which stockholders are generally entitled to vote. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the holders
of common stock shall have no voting power with respect to, and shall not be entitled to vote on, any amendment to the charter (including
any articles supplementary relating to any series of preferred stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding classes
or series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected class or series of preferred stock are entitled, either separately or together
with the holders of one or more other such classes or series, to vote thereon as a separate class pursuant to the charter (including any
articles supplementary relating to any series of preferred stock). The holders of a class of common stock shall each be entitled to vote
separately as a single class with respect to (and only with respect to) amendments to the charter that alter or change the powers or rights
of the shares of such class of common stock so as to affect them materially and adversely; provided, however, if such amendments
affect all holders of common stock materially and adversely in the same manner, the separate voting requirement shall not be applicable
and all holders of common stock shall vote together as a single class.

Voting Requirements

Generally, our bylaws provide that all matters to
be voted on by our stockholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes
cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute or our charter.

Our charter also provides that notwithstanding any
provision of law permitting or requiring any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of our shares entitled
to cast a greater number of votes, any such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by our board and taken or approved
by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

Our charter also provides that any person to whom
a transfer is made or attempted in violation of our charter is not entitled to vote on any matters coming before our stockholders.

Authorized but unissued capital stock

The MGCL generally does not require stockholder approval
for any issuance of shares of our capital stock. However, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, which apply to our Class A common stock,
require stockholder approval of certain issuances of capital stock equal to or exceeding 20.0% of the then outstanding number of shares
of common stock or voting power.

Appraisal rights

Our charter provides that holders of shares of our
capital stock are not entitled to exercise any rights of an objecting stockholder under the MGCL unless our board determines that such
rights will apply.

DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE MARYLAND
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW AND OF OUR CHARTER AND BYLAWS

In this "Description of Certain Provisions of
the Maryland General Corporation Law and of Our Charter and Bylaws" section, the words "we," "us," and "our"
refer solely to The RMR Group Inc., and not to its subsidiaries. The following description summarizes certain terms of our charter and
our bylaws and certain provisions of the MGCL. Because it is a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important
to you. Please refer to our charter and bylaws, and to the provisions of the MGCL.

Board of directors

Our charter provides that the total number of directors
may be increased or decreased only by our board pursuant to our bylaws, but may not be less than the minimum number required under the
MGCL (which currently is one). In establishing the number of directors, our board may not alter the term of office of any director in
office at that time.

Pursuant to our charter, each of our directors is
elected to serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. A plurality
of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director.
There is no cumulative voting in the election of our board, which means that the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding
shares of common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election, and the vote of holders of the remaining shares of common
stock will not be sufficient to elect any directors. Each share of stock may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to
be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series
of our preferred stock, any vacancy in the number of directors other than as a result of an increase in the number of directors may be
filled by an affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a
quorum. Any vacancy in the number of directors created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled only by a majority of our
entire board. A director may be removed pursuant to the provisions of the MGCL.

Under our bylaws, so long as the number of directors
is less than five at least one director must meet the qualifications of a Managing Director (as defined below) and so long as the number
of directors is five or greater, at least two directors must meet the qualifications of a Managing Director. A "Managing Director"
is a director who is not an Independent Director (as defined below) and who has been an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or involved in the day to day activities of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their predecessors for at least one year prior
to their election. An "Independent Director" is a director who is not an employee of the Company or its subsidiaries, who is
not involved in the day to day activities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and who meets the qualifications of an independent
director (not including the specific independence requirements applicable only to members of the audit committee of our board) under the
applicable rules of each stock exchange upon which shares of stock of the Company are listed for trading and the SEC, as those requirements
may be amended from time to time.

Exclusive forum

The exclusive forum provision of our bylaws provides
that other than any action arising under the Securities Act, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City,
Maryland or, if that court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division,
will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (i) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined under the MGCL; (ii) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (iii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of ours to us or our stockholders; (iv) any action asserting a claim against us
or any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of ours arising pursuant to Maryland law or our charter or bylaws, including any
disputes, claims or controversies brought by or on behalf of a stockholder either on such stockholders own behalf, on our behalf
or on behalf of any series or class of our stock or our stockholders against us or any of our directors, officers, managers, agents or
employees, including any disputes, claims or controversies relating to the meaning, interpretation, effect, validity, performance or enforcement
of our charter or bylaws; or (v) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, manager, agent or employee of
ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Maryland. Unless we otherwise consent in writing, the sole and
exclusive forum for claims that arise under the Securities Act, is the federal district courts of the United States of America, to the
fullest extent of the law. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in our shares of stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions of our bylaws. The exclusive forum provisions of our bylaws may
limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with
us or our directors, officers, managers, employees or agents, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, managers,
employees or agents.

Authority, business opportunities, limited liability and indemnification
of our directors and officers

Our charter and bylaws provide that our business
shall be managed under the direction of our board, which shall have the power to appoint our officers.

In recognition that officers, employees or agents
of ABP Trust, or affiliates of ABP Trust, collectively referred to as the ABP Trust Persons, may serve as our directors or officers, and
that the ABP Trust Persons may engage in other activities or lines of business similar to those in which we engage, under our charter,
if a ABP Trust Person acquires knowledge of a potential business opportunity, we renounce, on behalf of ourselves and our subsidiaries,
any potential interest or expectation in, or right to be offered or to participate in, such business opportunity to the maximum extent
permitted by Maryland law. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by Maryland law (i) no ABP Trust Person is required to present, communicate
or offer any business opportunity to us or any of our subsidiaries and (ii) ABP Trust Persons, on their own behalf and on behalf
of ABP Trust or any affiliate of ABP Trust, will have the right to hold and exploit any business opportunity, or to direct, recommend,
offer, sell, assign or otherwise transfer such business opportunity to any person other than us and our subsidiaries.

The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include
in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages
except for liability resulting from (a) the actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active
and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision
which eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law.

The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify
its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses
actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of
their service in those capacities. However, a Maryland corporation is not permitted to provide indemnification if any of the following
is established:

the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; 

the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or

in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. 

Further, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may
not indemnify a director for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the
basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses.
The MGCL permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation's receipt of the following:

a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation; and 

a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that this standard of conduct was not met. 

Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent
permitted under Maryland law, to indemnify and, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of a final disposition of a proceeding
to, our present or former directors, officer, employees or agents or any individual who, while a director, officer, employee or agent
of us serves at our request as a director, officer, partner, member, manager or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment
trust, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. Our bylaws require us,
to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law, to indemnify and, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of a final disposition
of a proceeding to, our present or former directors and executive officers or its present or former directors or executive officers serving
at our request as an executive officer or director (or equivalent) of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company, trust or other entity.

We have also entered into indemnification agreements
with our directors and our executive officers providing for contractual indemnification and procedures for indemnification by us to the
fullest extent permitted by law and advancements by us of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising
from their service to us.

In addition, our bylaws provide that our board and
stockholders may ratify and make binding on us any past action or inaction by us or our officers to the extent that our board or stockholders,
as applicable, could have originally authorized the matter. Moreover, under our bylaws, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any past
action or inaction questioned in any stockholder's derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective
or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper
principles or practices of accounting, or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by our board or stockholders and, if so
ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the challenged action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification
shall be binding upon us and our stockholders and shall bar any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action
or inaction.

Stockholder voting rights

Generally, our board has broad powers to conduct
our business and manage our affairs without stockholder approval or voting. Our bylaws provide the general rule that all matters
to be voted on by our stockholders must be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes
cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present. Our charter provides that notwithstanding any provision of law permitting or requiring
any action to be taken or approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of our shares entitled to cast a greater number of votes, any
such action shall be effective and valid if declared advisable by our board and taken or approved by the affirmative vote of a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled
to one vote for each share of Class A common stock held by such holder. Each holder of Class B-1 common stock is entitled to
ten votes for each share of Class B-1 common stock held by such holder. Each holder of Class B-2 common stock is entitled to
ten votes for each share of Class B-2 common stock held by such holder.

See "Description of Capital Stock-Voting Rights"
above for further information about the voting rights of each class of our common stock.

Amendment of our charter

We reserve the right to make any amendment to our
charter, now or hereafter authorized by law, including any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in
our charter, of any outstanding shares. All rights and powers conferred by our charter on stockholders, directors and officers are granted
subject to this reservation. All references to our charter will include all amendments and supplements thereto.

Our charter provides that our board may amend the
charter from time to time, without any action by our stockholders, in the manner provided by the MGCL and the charter. Our charter also
provides that stockholders may amend the charter from time to time, provided that any amendment to the charter must first be approved
by a majority of our board and then shall be valid only if approved by the affirmative vote of holders of our outstanding shares entitled
to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

Amendment of our bylaws

Our board has the exclusive power to adopt, alter,
repeal or amend our bylaws.

Business combinations

Through a provision in our charter, we have elected
not to be subject to the provision of the MGCL which regulates business combinations with interested stockholders. This provision may
be amended or eliminated at any time in the future by an amendment to our charter.

Under the MGCL, business combinations such as mergers,
consolidations, share exchanges, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity
securities between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for
five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Under the statute the following
persons are deemed to be interested stockholders:

any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting shares; or 

any of our affiliates or associates who, at any time within the two year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares. 

After the five year prohibition period has ended,
a business combination between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder must be generally recommended by the board of directors
and must receive the following stockholder approvals:

the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

the affirmative vote of at least two thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

The supermajority vote requirements do not apply
if stockholders receive a minimum price, as described under the MGCL, for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in
the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares.

The foregoing provisions of the MGCL do not apply,
however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder
becomes an interested stockholder. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance
the transaction by which the interested stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder.

Should we elect to become subject to the business
combination act, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any
offer.

Control share acquisitions

The MGCL provides that a holder of "control
shares" of a Maryland corporation acquired in a "control share acquisition" has no voting rights with respect to those
shares except to the extent that the acquisition is approved by a vote of disinterested holders of two thirds of the votes entitled to
be cast on the matter. Shares owned by: (i) the person who has made or proposes to make the "control share acquisition,"
(ii) any officer of the corporation or (iii) any employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation are considered
"interested shares" under the MGCL and are not entitled to vote whether to accord voting rights to "control shares."
"Control shares" are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares controlled by the acquirer, or in respect
of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would
entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power:

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

An acquirer must obtain the necessary stockholder approval each time
it acquires control shares in an amount sufficient to cross one of the thresholds noted above.

Control shares do not include shares which the acquiring
person is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval, shares acquired directly from the corporation
or shares in respect of which a person is entitled to direct the exercise of voting power solely by virtue of a revocable proxy. A "control
share acquisition" means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions.

A person who has made or proposes to make a control
share acquisition, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the statute, including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an
"acquiring person statement" as described in the MGCL, may compel the board of directors of a Maryland corporation to call a
special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If no request
for a meeting is made, we may present the matter ourselves at any meeting of stockholders.

If voting rights of control shares are not approved
at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation
may redeem any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved, for fair value determined
without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting
rights of those shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition.
Our right to redeem any or all of the control shares is subject to conditions and limitations listed in the statute.

If voting rights for control shares are approved
at a meeting of stockholders and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders
may exercise appraisal rights.

The control share acquisition statute does not apply
to: (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) acquisitions
approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation.

Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the
control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. We cannot provide you any assurance,
however, that our board will not amend or eliminate this provision at any time in the future.

Stockholder meetings, proxies and quorums

Our charter provides that any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of our stockholders may be taken without a meeting by the written consent of the holders of the number
of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting of stockholders at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present
and voted.

The MGCL and our bylaws require that a meeting of
stockholders be held annually. The president of the Company or a majority of our entire board may call a special meeting of our stockholders.
Additionally, pursuant to the MGCL and our charter, special meetings of our stockholders must be called by our secretary upon the written
request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting. Only matters set forth in
the notice of the special meeting may be considered and acted upon at such a meeting.

Stockholders may vote either in person or by proxy
at meetings. Only stockholders of record may vote. The stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the
meeting represented in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the stockholders, the
chair of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the
meeting from time to time to a date not more than the maximum number of days after the original record date allowed by the MGCL without
notice other than announcement at the meeting until a quorum is present.

Anti-takeover provisions

Holders of our Class B-1 and Class B-2
common stock each have ten votes per share, while holders of our Class A common stock have one vote per share. 100.0% of our Class B-1
and Class B-2 common stock are controlled by ABP Trust, representing 91.0% of the voting power of our outstanding shares of capital
stock. Accordingly, for so long as ABP Trust continues to hold substantial voting power in us, ABP Trust will effectively be able to determine
the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, election of our directors. ABP Trust is also
able to cause or prevent a change of control of us and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us.

Maryland Unsolicited Takeovers Act

The Maryland Unsolicited Takeover Act permits a Maryland
corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be
subject to, by resolution of the board of directors or by provision in their charter or bylaws, any of the following five provisions,
notwithstanding any contrary provision in the corporation's charter and bylaws:

a classified board; 

a requirement that a special meeting of the stockholders be called at the request of stockholders only if requested by stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting; 

a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by a vote of the board of directors; 

a requirement that a director may be removed only by the vote of the holders of two-thirds of all votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors; and 

a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 

Our board may implement all or any of these provisions
without stockholder approval. Through provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to the Maryland Unsolicited Takeover Act, we already
(i) vest in our board the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, subject to limitations set forth in our charter and
bylaws, and (ii) require, unless called by our president or our board and if at the time stockholders are entitled by law to cause
a special meeting of stockholders to be called, the request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all votes entitled
to be cast on a matter at a special meeting to call a special meeting of stockholders.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rmr-20250327.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rmr-20250327_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rmr-20250327_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37616

Entity Registrant Name RMR Group Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001644378

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-4122583

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One Two Newton Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two 255 Washington Street

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Newton

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02458-1634

City Area Code 617

Local Phone Number 796-8230

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol RMR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://reitmr.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rmr-20250327.xsd 
rmr-20250327_lab.xml 
rmr-20250327_pre.xml 
tm2510048d4_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-028767-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2510048d4_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001644378 

2025-03-27 
2025-03-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001644378 
8-K 
2025-03-27 
RMR Group Inc. 
MD 
001-37616 
47-4122583 
Two Newton Place 
255 Washington Street 
Suite 300 
Newton 
MA 
02458-1634 
617 
796-8230 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
RMR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>