<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-001519.txt : 20250311
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-001519.hdr.sgml : 20250311
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250311170526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-001519
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250311

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001570937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				990385465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56312
		FILM NUMBER:		25728556

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2006 PALOMAR AIRPORT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-239-0788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2006 PALOMAR AIRPORT ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>altair_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Altair International Corp. 8-K

false--12-31000157093700015709372025-03-052025-03-050001570937dei:FormerAddressMember2025-03-052025-03-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

Altair International
Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-56312 99-0385465

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) Commission File Number (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

2006
Palomar Airport Road, Suite 210, Carlsbad, California92011

(Address, including
Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Office)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code 858-239-0788

322
North Shore Drive, Building
1B, Suite
200, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania15212

(Former Address if Changed,
Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/a N/a N/a

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If an emerging company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accountant standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Item 5.01. Change in Control of Registrant.

On February 16, 2024, Altair International Corp.
(the Company) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) among Premier Air Charter,
Inc. (Premier), Premier Air Charter Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger Sub) and TIPP Aviation, LLC, the sole shareholder
of Premier (TIPP). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Altair will exchange 85% of its shares of common stock for all
issued and outstanding shares of Premier common stock and Merger Sub will be merged into Premier (the Merger). The officers
and directors of Premier will be the officers and directors of Altair following the Merger. On March 5, 2025, the Company, Premier,
Merger Sub and TIPP entered into an Amended Merger Agreement amending various procedural items of the Merger Agreement (the Amended
Merger Agreement). On March 11, 2025, the Merger closed whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Premier with Merger Sub ceasing
to exist, Premier becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company issuing TIPP 237,871,049 shares of common stock. The
Merger is intended to qualify for federal income tax purposes as a tax-free reorganization under the provisions of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Premier is a San Diego, California-based aircraft
charter is leading the way in luxury aviation serving an international community of aviation enthusiasts. Premier specializes in creating
trusted partnerships within the aviation industry to deliver bespoke aviation solutions for its clients. Premiers fleet of aircraft
includes everything from light jets, turbojets and mid-large jets. Drawing on decades of experience, Premiers aviation experts
oversee every aspect of the jet charter business, including private charters, aircraft management and sales.

The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants made by the Company and Premier, including covenants relating to obtaining the requisite approvals of the shareholders
of the Company and Premier, indemnification of directors and officers and the Companys and Premiers conduct of their respective
businesses between the date of signing of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the transaction.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement
and the Amended Merger Agreement are not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement and the Amended
Merger Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 2.2 to this report and incorporated herein by reference.

The Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger Agreement
have been included to provide investors and shareholders with information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement and the Amended
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company
or Premier. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger Agreement were made
only as of specified dates for the purposes of the Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger Agreement, were solely for the benefit of the
parties to the Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger Agreement and may be subject to qualifications and limitations agreed upon by such
parties. In particular, in reviewing the representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger
Agreement and discussed in the foregoing description, it is important to bear in mind that such representations, warranties and covenants
were negotiated with the principal purpose of allocating risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. Such representations,
warranties and covenants may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to shareholders
and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors and shareholders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement
and the Amended Merger Agreement. Accordingly, investors and shareholders should not rely on such representations, warranties and covenants
as characterizations of the actual state of facts or circumstances described therein. Information concerning the subject matter of such
representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement and the Amended Merger Agreement, which subsequent
information may or may not be fully reflected in the parties public disclosures.

The Closing of the Merger effectuated a change
in control of the Company. As a result of the Closing, the former shareholders of Premier own approximately 85.0% of the Company's issued
and outstanding common stock. The are no arrangements or understandings among members of both the former and new control groups and their
associates with respect to election of officers or other matters, except as set forth herein.

2 

Item 4.01. Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.

(a) Prior to the completion of the Merger, Premiers
independent accountant was Macias Gini & O'Connell LLP (New Auditor) and the Companys independent accountant
was Fruci & Associates II, PLLC (Former Auditor). On March 11. 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company approved
the dismissal of the Former Auditor as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm, as a result of the completion
of the Merger.

The audit report of Former Auditor on the Companys
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Companys previous fiscal year end prior
to the Merger, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope or accounting principles except that, the reports expressed an unqualified opinion and included an explanatory paragraph relating
to substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern . During the year ended March 31, 2024 and the subsequent
interim period through March 11, 2025, there were no: (1) disagreements with New Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Former Auditor,
would have caused Former Auditor to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its audit report, or
(2) reportable events under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of SEC Regulation S-K.

The Company has provided Former Auditor with a
copy of the disclosure contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K prior to filing with the SEC. The Company has requested that Former
Auditor issue a letter stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements. The letter from Former Auditor to the SEC is attached
as Exhibit 16.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

(b) Concurrent with the Merger, the Board of Directors
of the Company approved the appointment of New Auditor as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the year
ending December 31, 2024. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the subsequent interim period prior to engaging New Auditor,
the Company did not consult with New Auditor regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either
completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements, and neither a written
report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that New Auditor concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching
a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement
or a reportable event, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v), respectively. MGO's acceptance is subject to the completion
of its standard client acceptance procedures.

3 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.

On the close of business on March 11, 2025, Leonard
Lovallo resigned as an executive officer and director of the Company. The resignation of Mr. Lovallo was not the result of any disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies, practices, or otherwise. The Board approved and accepted
the resignations.

On March 11, 2025, Sandra J. DiCocco was appointed
as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Vincent Monteparte, Ross David Gourdie and Amy Scannell were appointed members
of the Board of Directors. Further, Ms. DiCocco was appointed to serve as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gourdie
was appointed as the Companys President, Secretary and Treasurer.

Sandra J. DiCocco, age 60, has since 2015 served
as the CEO and owner of TIPP Investments LLC, the principal stockholder of the Company and a real estate holding company. Further, Ms.
DiCocco since 2020 has served as the owner, President and CEO of Hungry Squirrel which offers keto friendly products, since 2020 as the
owner, President and CEO of Clovis Glass Co Inc., which provides glass repair services. Further, since 2013, Ms. DiCocco has services
as the owner and CEO of Grand Restaurant Group managing five restaurant locations. Ms. DiCocco received a BA in Organizational Management
from Fresno Pacific University.

Ross David Gourdie, age 53, has over 30 years
of experience in the aviation industry. Originally from Scotland, UK, Mr. Gourdie moved with his family to San Diego in the summer of
2018. His aviation career started immediately after high school in 1989 when he made the decision to join the UKs military and
serve in the Royal Air Force for 10 years as an Avionics Technician. After leaving the military in 1999 he transitioned into commercial
airlines. Since 2018, Mr. Gourdie has been involved in the management and development of Premier Air Charter. In that short time under
his direction, Premier Air Charter has grown annual revenue from $1 million flying small jets and turboprop aircraft to a $20 million
annual revenue using mid and super-mid jet aircraft. Mr. Gourdie served in various positions from 2005 to 2018 with LoganAir, based at
Glasgow Airport, UK, including roles as Aircraft Engineering Training Instructor and Licensed Engineering Manager.

Vincent Monteparte, age 60, has more than 25 years
of experience managing strategic and transformative enterprise initiatives, across Aerospace, Transportation, Logistics, and Enterprise
/ SaaS Software. Since May 2020, Mr. Monteparte has served as the Principal of Global Capital Markets, a financial services provider,
and since November 2015 as President and Chief Executive Officer of 927 Inc., a family investment office to strategically invest in and
drive growth for mid-sized software development companies. Further, since May 2017, Mr. Monteparte has been a venture partner with Sway
Capital, a global platform for alternative investments. Mr. Monteparte holds a series 63 and 79 license and Board Advisory positions for
BlueSky eLearn, a leading learning management software platform and Measurabl, a global ESG SaaS Software company. Mr. Monteparte received
his MBA from Pepperdine Graziadio Business School in 2001 and his BS in Aeronautical Engineering in 1987.

Amy
Scannell, age 34, experience with corporate structure, compliance, and investments involves raising capital, negotiations, contract
development, and business structure. As General Counsel of Tipp Investments, LLC, located in Escondido, California, Scannell oversees
broad investment interests, including commercial real estate, agriculture, and aviation. Ms. Scannell
was admitted to the California bar in 2019 and the Massachusetts bar in 2015. Prior to joining Tipp Investments in 2019, Ms. Scannell
was an associate attorney for Baskin & Associates, LLC, a family law litigation firm in Boston, Massachusetts. She also served as
a law clerk at Holstrom, Block & Parke, APLC in Murrieta, California. Ms. Scannell
received her Juris Doctorate from Suffolk University Law School in Boston, Massachusetts, and graduated Cum Laude with
her Bachelor of Arts from Westfield State University in Westfield, Massachusetts.

This report shall not constitute an offer to sell
or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction.

4 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 11 2025, the Board approved a change
in fiscal year end of the Company from March 31st to December 31st.

The Boards decision to change the fiscal
year end was related to the Merger Agreement and the closing of the acquisition of Premier. As a result of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereunder, Premier is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Premiers financial statements will survive and
become the post-transaction company's financial statements and the fiscal year end of Premier is December 31st; therefore, the Board approved
the change in the Companys fiscal year end.

Following such change, the date of the Companys
next fiscal year end is December 31, 2024. Consequently, on or before March 31, 2025, the Company will file a transition report on Form
10-K including financials statement for years end December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statement of Business Acquired

Audited financial statements of Premier Air Charter, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 (to be filed by amendment)

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (to be filed by amendment)

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger among Altair International Corp., Premier Air Charter, Inc., Premier Air Charter Merger Sub, Inc. and TIPP Aviation, LLC dated February 16, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2024)

2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger among Altair International Corp., Premier Air Charter, Inc., Premier Air Charter Merger Sub, Inc. and TIPP Aviation, LLC dated March 5, 2025

16.1 Letter from Fruci & Associates II, PLLC

5 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Altair International Corp. 

Date: March 11, 2025 By: /s/ Sandra J. DiCocco

Name: Sandra J. DiCocco

Title: Chief Executive Officer

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>altair_ex0202.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.2

AMENDED AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

among

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP.,

PREMIER AVIATION MERGER SUB,
INC. PREMIER AIR CHARTER, INC.

and

TIPP AVIATION, LLC

Dated :

March 5, 2025

1 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This Amended Agreement and Plan of
Merger (this Agreement) is made and entered
into as of March 5, 2024 by and between Altair International Corp., a Nevada corporation (ATAO),
Premier Air Charter Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (Merger
Sub), Premier Air Charter, Inc, a California Corporation. (Premier),
and TIPP Aviation, LLC. (Seller),
a California Limited Liability Company. ATAO, the Merger Sub and Premier are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party
and, collectively, as the Parties. Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Article X hereof.

RECITALS:

A. Premier is a California corporation that specializes in private air charters, a wholly owned subsidiary of TIPP Aviation, LLC.

B. ATAO is a public company which trades on the OTCQB.

C. Merger Sub is a newly created wholly owned subsidiary of ATAO.

D.The Parties intend to effect a reverse triangular merger whereby the Merger Sub be merged with and into Premier, with Premier continuing
as the surviving entity (the Merger) and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of ATAO. At the Effective Time,
the shareholders of Premier will exchange all shares that they own of Premier for common stock of ATAO to give Premier shareholders voting
control of ATAO.

E.The Parties intend that the Merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code (as defined herein).

F.The board of directors of Premier has unanimously (a) determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, are in the best interests of Premier and its stockholders, (b) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, and (c) resolved to recommend adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders
of Premier in accordance with the CGCL.

G.The respective boards of directors of ATAO and Merger Sub have unanimously (a) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are in the best interests of ATAO, Merger Sub and their respective shareholders, (b) approved
and declared advisable this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises set forth above, which are incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and the representations,
warranties, covenants, and agreements contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereto agree
as follows:

ARTICLE I

MERGER

1.1Merger. At the Effective Time, and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (Nevada Law) and the California General Corporation
Law (California Law), Premier and the Merger Sub shall consummate the Merger, pursuant to which Premier shall
continue as the surviving corporation. Premier, as the surviving corporation after the Merger, is hereinafter sometimes referred to as
the Surviving Corporation.

2 

1.2Effective Time. The Parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing the Plan of Merger for the merger
of Premier with Merger Sub (the Plan of Merger) with the the Nevada Secretary of State. The Merger shall become
effective at such time as the Plan of Merger has been duly filed or at such later date or time as may be agreed by the Premier, Merger
Sub and ATAO in writing and specified in the Plan of Merger (the time of approval of such filing by the Nevada Secretary of State, or
such later time as may be specified in the Plan of Merger, being the Effective Time).

1.3Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and the Plan
of Merger. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges,
agreements, powers and franchises, debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of Premier and Merger Sub shall become the property, rights,
privileges, agreements, powers and franchises, debts, liabilities, duties and obligations of the Surviving

Corporation, which shall include the assumption by the Surviving
Corporation of any and all agreements, covenants, duties and obligations of Premier set forth in this Agreement to be performed after
the Effective Time.

1.4Tax Treatment For federal income tax purposes, the Merger is intended to constitute a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. The Parties adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization within the meaning
of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Treasury Regulations.

1.5Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Premier Air Charter Inc.s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws will continue
in existence.

1.6Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the board of directors and executive officers
of the Surviving Corporation shall be the board of directors and executive officers of Premier, after giving effect to Section 5.13,
each to hold office in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified or their earlier death, resignation or removal.

1.7Merger Consideration. As consideration for the Merger, at the Closing, ATAO will exchange with the Premier Shareholders
(i) that number of shares of ATAO Common Stock (the Merger Consideration) constituting 85% of the issued and
outstanding shares of ATAO common stock that would equal no more than 270,000,000 shares for 100% of the outstanding shares of Premier.
As a result of the Merger, ATAO will be the sole shareholder of Premier and Premier shareholders will become majority shareholders of
ATAO.

1.8Effect of Merger. At the Effective Time, Premier by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of any Party
or the holders of any securities or the holders of any shares of capital stock of ATAO:

1.8.1Premier Shares. Prior to the Merger Premier shall change its corporate structure from a limited liability company to a C
corporation and issue shares to its shareholders pro rata as per the current issued and outstanding membership units. All Premier Shares
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the
right to receive the Merger Consideration, with each of the Premier Shareholders being entitled to receive its portion of the Merger Consideration
in accordance with Section 1.7 above, without interest. As a result of the share cancellation ATAO will be the sole shareholder
of Premier and Premier Shareholders will become the majority shareholders of ATAO. As of the Effective Time, the Premier Shareholders
shall cease to have any other rights in and to or the Surviving Corporation other than (i) to receive any dividend or other distribution
with respect to such Stock with a record date occurring prior to the Effective Time, if applicable, or (ii) to receive the Merger Consideration.

1.8.2ATAO Liabilities. At the Closing, ATAO shall have no liabilities.

1.8.3ATAO Officers and Directors. Immediately following the Closing, the officers and directors of ATAO shall resign and
prior to such resignation shall appoint the officers and directors identified by Premier under section 5.1 of this Agreement.

3 

1.8.4Surrender and Payment.

(a)At the Effective Time, all Premier Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be cancelled and
retired and shall cease to exist and each holder of a certificate formerly representing any Premier Stock (each, a "Certificate")
shall cease to have any rights as a Premier shareholder.

(b)If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Certificate
is registered, it shall be a condition to such payment that (i) such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or shall otherwise be in proper
form for transfer, and (ii) the Person requesting such payment shall pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other Tax required as a
result of such payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the reasonable satisfaction of
the Exchange Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

ARTICLE II

CLOSING

2.1Closing. Subject to and conditional upon the satisfaction or waiver of the Closing Conditions, the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall take place at the Law offices of Fletcher
Robbe, 600 La Terraza Blvd., Escondido, CA 92025 on the second (2nd) Business Day after all the Closing conditions to this Agreement have
been satisfied or waived at 10:00 a.m. local time, or at such other date, time or place as ATAO and may agree (the date and time at which
the Closing is actually held being the Closing Date). The parties need not be physically present at the Closing
and may participate telephonically or via other such agreed-upon medium. It is contemplated that the Closing will take place contemporaneously
with (or immediately following) the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF ATAO AND MERGER SUB

Except as set
forth in the disclosure schedules delivered by ATAO to Premier on the date hereof (the ATAO Disclosure Schedules),
the Section numbers of which are numbered to correspond to the Section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer, or in ATAOs
publicly filed documents with the SEC (OTCQB: ATAO), ATAO and Merger Sub represent and warrant to Premier, as of the date hereof and as
of the Closing, as follows:

3.1Organization and Standing. ATAO and Merger Sub are corporations duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the state of Nevada. ATAO and Merger Sub have all the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. ATAO and Merger Sub are duly qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business
in each jurisdiction in which the character of the property owned, leased, or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by
it makes such qualification or licensing necessary. ATAO and Merger Sub have heretofore made available to Premier accurate and complete
copies of the Organizational Documents of ATAO and Merger Sub, each as currently in effect. Neither ATAO and Merger Sub are in violation
of any provision of its Organizational Documents.

3.2
Authorization; Binding Agreement. ATAO and Merger Sub have all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it
is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (a) have been duly and validly authorized by the
board of directors of ATAO and Merger Sub and (b) no other corporate proceedings, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Agreement,
on the part of ATAO and Merger Sub are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document
to which it is a party or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary
Document to which ATAO and Merger Sub are a party shall be when delivered, duly and validly executed and delivered by ATAO and Merger
Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and such Ancillary Documents by the other parties hereto
and thereto, constitutes, or when delivered shall constitute, the valid and binding obligation of ATAO and Merger Sub enforceable against
ATAO and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization and moratorium laws and other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights
generally or by any applicable statute of limitation or by any valid defense of set-off or counterclaim, and the fact that equitable
remedies or relief (including the remedy of specific performance) are subject to the discretion of the court from which such relief may
be sought (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions).

4 

3.3Governmental Approvals. No Consent of or with any Governmental Authority, on the part of ATAO and Merger Sub are
required to be obtained or made in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by ATAO and Merger Sub of this Agreement and
each Ancillary Document to which it is a party or the consummation by ATAO and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, other than (a) such filings as contemplated by this Agreement, (b) any filings required with FINRA or the SEC with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (c) applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and/ or
any state blue sky securities Laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and (d) where the failure to obtain or make
such Consents or to make such filings or notifications, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on ATAO and
Merger Sub.

3.4Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery by ATAO and Merger Sub of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document
to which it is a party, the consummation by ATAO and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and compliance by
ATAO and Merger Sub with any of the provisions hereof and thereof, will not (a) conflict with or violate any provision of ATAO and Merger
Subs Organizational Documents, (b) subject to obtaining the Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 3.3
hereof, and the waiting periods referred to therein having expired, and any condition precedent to such Consent or waiver having been
satisfied, conflict with or violate any Law, Order or Consent applicable to ATAO and Merger Sub or any of their respective properties
or assets, or (c) (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of, (ii) constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse
of time or both, would constitute a default) under, (iii) result in the termination, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation or modification
of, (iv) accelerate the performance required by ATAO and Merger Sub under, (v) result in a right of termination or acceleration under,
(vi) give rise to any obligation to make payments or provide compensation under, (vii) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of
the properties or assets of ATAO and Merger Sub under, (viii) give rise to any obligation to obtain any third party Consent or provide
any notice to any Person or (ix) give any Person the right to declare a default, exercise any remedy, claim a rebate, chargeback, penalty
or change in delivery schedule, accelerate the maturity or performance, cancel, terminate or modify any right, benefit, obligation or
other term under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any ATAO and Merger Sub Material Contract, except for any deviations
from any of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on ATAO and
Merger Sub.

3.5Capitalization

(a)ATAO is authorized to issue (i) 500,000,000 shares of ATAO Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of ATAO Preferred Stock. The
issued and outstanding shares of ATAO Common Stock as of the date of this Agreement are set forth on Schedule 3.5(a). There are
no outstanding shares of ATAO Preferred Stock. All outstanding shares of ATAO Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription
right or any similar right or any contract to which ATAO is a party. All of the outstanding ATAO Common Stock has been issued in compliance
with applicable securities laws.

(b)Except as set forth on Schedule 3.5(b), there are no (i) outstanding warrants, puts, calls, convertible securities, preemptive
or similar rights, (ii) bonds, debentures, notes or other Indebtedness having general voting rights or that are convertible or exchangeable
into securities having such rights or (iii) subscriptions or other rights, agreements, arrangements, Contracts or commitments of any
character (other than this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents), (A) relating to the issued or unissued shares of ATAO capital stock
or (B) obligating ATAO to issue, transfer, deliver or sell or cause to be issued, transferred, delivered, sold or repurchased any s or
shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, or (C) obligating ATAO or Merger Sub to grant, extend or enter
into any such , warrant, call, subscription or other right, agreement, arrangement or commitment for such shares of capital stock. There
are no outstanding obligations of ATAO to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of ATAO capital stock or to provide funds
to make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any Person. There are no shareholders agreements,
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which ATAO is a party with respect to the voting of any shares of ATAO capital
stock.

5 

3.6Indebtedness; Merger Sub Activities. Immediately prior to the Closing ATAO will not have any Indebtedness. Since its formation,
Merger Sub has not engaged in any business activities other than as contemplated by this Agreement, does not own directly or indirectly
any ownership, equity, profits or voting interest in any Person and has no assets, liabilities or indebtedness except those incurred in
connection with this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which it is a party.

3.7SEC Filings and Financials

(a)On or before the Closing Date, ATAO will have filed all forms, reports, schedules, statements, registration statements, prospectuses
and other documents required to be filed or furnished by ATAO with the SEC under the Securities Act and/or the Exchange Act, together
with any amendments, restatements or supplements thereto, and will file all such forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents
required to be filed subsequent to the date of this Agreement (the SEC Reports). The SEC Reports (x) will
be prepared in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and the rules and regulations thereunder and (y) will not, as of their respective effective dates (in the case of SEC Reports that are
registration statements filed pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act) and at the time they were filed with the SEC (in the
case of all other SEC Reports) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(b)The financial statements and notes contained or incorporated by reference in the SEC Reports to be filed by ATAO for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 and (y) the three and nine month periods ended June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023 (the
ATAO Financials), fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations,
changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows of ATAO at the respective dates of and for the periods referred to in such financial
statements, all conformity with (i) GAAP in effect as of the respective dates thereof applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except, in the case of the unaudited statements, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments none of which are material individually
or in the aggregate, and the absence of footnotes, none of which, if presented, would materially differ from those in the most recent
audited financial statements and (ii) comply in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and with the rules and
regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act in effect as of the respective dates thereof, as applicable (except as
may be indicated in the notes thereto and for the omission of notes and audit adjustments in the case of unaudited quarterly financial
statements to the extent permitted by Regulation S-X or Regulation S-K, as applicable). ATAO will file a Form 8-K upon the signing of
the Definitive Agreement, and will file a Form 8-K/A upon the closing of the Agreement within four days after the Closing Date, in any
case no later than March 6, 2024.

(c)Except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 3.7, since December 31, 2023, ATAO has not incurred any Liabilities or obligations
of the type required to be reflected on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP that is not adequately reflected or reserved on or disclosed
in the ATAO Financials or the notes thereto other than: (i) Liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement, or (ii) Liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

3.8Compliance with Laws. ATAO and its subsidiaries are, and have since December 31, 2023, been, in compliance with all
Laws applicable to it and the conduct of its business except for such noncompliance which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on ATAO, and ATAO has not received since January 1, 2015, written notice alleging any violation of applicable Law in any
material respect by ATAO.

3.9Actions; Orders; Permits. There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of ATAO, threatened material Action to which ATAO
or its subsidiaries are subject which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on ATAO. There is no material Action
that ATAO has pending against any other Person. ATAO is not subject to any material Orders of any Governmental Authority, nor are any
such Orders pending. ATAO holds all material Permits necessary to lawfully conduct its business as presently conducted, and to own, lease
and operate its assets and properties, all of which are in full force and effect, except where the failure to hold such Consent or for
such Consent to be in full force and effect would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on ATAO.

6 

3.10Taxes and Returns.

(a)ATAO has or will have timely filed, or caused to be timely filed (subject to filing extensions), all material Tax Returns required
to be filed by it for the tax years 2022 and later, which Tax Returns are true, accurate, correct and complete in all material respects,
and has paid, collected or withheld, or caused to be paid, collected or withheld, all material Taxes required to be paid, collected or
withheld, other than such Taxes for which adequate reserves in ATAO Financials have been established in accordance with GAAP. There are
no audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings pending against ATAO in respect of any Tax, and ATAO has not been notified
in writing of any proposed Tax claims or assessments against ATAO (other than, in each case, claims or assessments for which adequate
reserves in the ATAO Financials have been established in accordance with GAAP or are immaterial in amount). There are no Liens with respect
to any Taxes upon any of ATAOs assets, other than Permitted Liens. ATAO has no outstanding waivers or extensions of any applicable
statute of limitations to assess any material amount of Taxes. There are no outstanding requests by ATAO for any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Return or within which to pay any Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return.

(b)Since January 1, 2018, ATAO has not (i) changed any Tax accounting methods, policies or procedures except as required by a change
in Law, (ii) made, revoked, or amended any material Tax election, (iii) filed any amended Tax Returns or claim for refund or (iv) entered
into any closing agreement affecting or otherwise settled or compromised any material Tax Liability or refund.

3.11Employees and Employee Benefit Plans. ATAO does not (a) have any paid employees or (b) maintain, sponsor, contribute to
or otherwise have any Liability under, any Benefit Plans.

3.12Subsidiaries. ATAO has two wholly owned subsidiaries, EV Lithium Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation, which owns certain
proprietary battery technology, and Merger Sub. EV Lithium Solutions, Inc. will no longer be a subsidiary of ATAO immediately following
the Closing.

3.13Material Contracts. Other than this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, there are no Contracts to which ATAO or
Merger Sub is a party or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound, subject or affected, which (i) creates or imposes a Liability
greater than $1,000, (ii) may not be cancelled by ATAO on less than sixty (60) days prior notice without payment of a material
penalty or termination fee or (iii) prohibits, prevents, restricts or impairs in any material respect any business practice of ATAO as
its business is currently conducted, any acquisition of material property by ATAO, or restricts in any material respect the ability of
ATAO from engaging in business as currently conducted by it or from competing with any other Person (each, a ATAO Material
Contract). All ATAO Material Contracts have been filed as exhibits to the SEC Reports.

3.14Transactions with Affiliates. There are no contracts or arrangements that are in existence as of the date of this Agreement
under which there are any existing or future Liabilities or obligations between ATAO and any (a) present or former director, officer or
employee or Affiliate of ATAO, or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing, or (b) record or beneficial owner of more than
five percent (5%) of ATAOs outstanding capital stock as of the date hereof.

3.15Finders and Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finders or other
fee or commission from ATAO or any of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby based upon arrangements made
by or on behalf of ATAO.

3.16Ownership of Contribution Consideration. All shares of ATAO Common Stock to be issued and delivered to Premier shareholders
in accordance with Article I shall be, upon issuance and delivery of such shares of ATAO Common Stock, fully paid and non-assessable,
free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions arising from applicable securities Laws, and the issuance and sale of such ATAO Common
Stock pursuant hereto will not be subject to or give rise to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal.

7 

3.17Independent Investigation. ATAO and Merger Sub have each conducted its own independent investigation, review and
analysis of the business, results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of Premier and each acknowledges
that it has been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and
data of Premier for such purpose. ATAO and Merger Sub each acknowledge and agree that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations
and warranties of Premier set forth in Article IV (including the related portions of the Premier Disclosure Schedules); and (b)
none of Premier or its Representatives have made any representation or warranty as to, or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth
in Article IV (including the related portions of Premiers Disclosure Schedules).

3.18No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties of ATAO and Merger Sub expressly
set forth above in this Article III (as qualified by the ATAO Disclosure Schedule) or in a certificate delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, Premier acknowledges and agrees that (1) none of ATAO, Merger Sub or any of its Affiliates is making and none of them has made
any representations or warranties, express or implied, relating to itself or its business, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions
(financial or otherwise) or prospects or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger,
and none of Premier or its Affiliates or Representatives is relying on any representation or warranty of ATAO, Merger Sub, or any of its
affiliates except for those expressly set forth in Article III (as qualified by the ATAO Disclosure Schedule), and (2) no person
has been authorized by ATAO, Merger Sub, or any of its Affiliates to make any representation or warranty relating to ATAO, Merger Sub,
or any of its Affiliates or their respective businesses or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including the Merger, and if made, such representation or warranty has not been and shall not be relied upon by Premier. Except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement and to the extent any such information is expressly included in a representation or warranty contained
in Article III (as qualified by the ATAO Disclosure Schedule), Premier agrees and acknowledges that, in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, neither ATAO, Merger Sub, nor any other person will have or be subject to any
liability or obligation to Premier or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates resulting from the distribution or failure to distribute to
Premier, or Premiers use of, any such information, including any information, documents, or materials, made available to Premier
in any format in connection with the Merger or management presentations in expectation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF PREMIER

Except as set
forth in the disclosure schedules delivered by Premier to ATAO on the date hereof (the Premier Disclosure Schedules),
the Section numbers of which are numbered to correspond to the Section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer, Premier hereby represents
and warrants to ATAO, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, as follows:

4.1Organization and Standing. Premier is a California corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the state of California and has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Premier has heretofore made available to ATAO accurate and complete copies of the
Organizational Documents of Premier, as currently in effect. Premier is not in violation of any provision of its Organizational Documents.
Premier is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of the property
owned, leased, or operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary. Premier
has heretofore made available to ATAO accurate and complete copies of the Organizational Documents of Premier as currently in effect.
Premier is not in violation of any provision of its Organizational Documents.

4.2Authorization; Binding Agreement. Premier has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (a) have been duly and validly authorized by the board of directors of
Premier, (b) no other corporate proceedings, other than as set forth elsewhere in the Agreement, on the part of Premier are necessary
to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each Ancillary Document to which Premier is a party shall be when delivered,
duly and validly executed and delivered by Premier, as applicable, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery of this
Agreement and such Ancillary Documents by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitutes, or when delivered shall constitute, the valid
and binding obligation of Premier, as applicable, enforceable against Premier in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
enforceability thereof may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

8 

4.3Subsidiaries. Premier does not own, of record or beneficially, or control any direct or indirect equity or other
interest, or any right (contingent or otherwise) to acquire the same, in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, association or other entity.

4.4Governmental Approvals. No Consent of or with any Governmental Authority, on the part of Premier, is required to
be obtained or made in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by Premier of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document
to which it is a party or the consummation by Premier of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other than (a) such filings
as contemplated by this Agreement, (b) applicable requirements, if any, of securities laws under laws of the State of California, and
the rules and regulations thereunder, and (C) where the failure to obtain or make such Consents or to make such filings or notifications,
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Premier.

4.5Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery by Premier of this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it
is a party, the consummation by Premier of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and compliance by Premier with any of the
provisions hereof and thereof, will not (a) conflict with or violate any provision of Premiers Organizational Documents, (b) subject
to obtaining the Consents from Governmental Authorities referred to in Section 3.3 hereof, and the waiting periods referred to
therein having expired, and any condition precedent to such Consent or waiver having been satisfied, conflict with or violate any Law,
Order or Consent applicable to Premier or any of its properties or assets, or (c) (i) violate, conflict with or result in a breach of,
(ii) constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, (iii) result in
the termination, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation or modification of, (iv) accelerate the performance required by Premier under, (v)
result in a right of termination or acceleration under, (vi) give rise to any obligation to make payments or provide compensation under,
(vii) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Premier under, (viii) give rise to any obligation to
obtain any third party Consent or provide any notice to any Person or (ix) give any Person the right to declare a default, exercise any
remedy, claim a rebate, chargeback, penalty or change in delivery schedule, accelerate the maturity or performance, cancel, terminate
or modify any right, benefit, obligation or other term under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any Material Contract, except
for any deviations from any of the foregoing clauses (a), (b) or (c) that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Premier.

4.6Financial Statements. As used herein, the term Premier Audited Financials means the (i) audited
consolidated financial statements of Premier (including, in each case, any related notes thereto), consisting of the consolidated balance
sheets of Premier as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated unaudited income statements, changes in
stockholder equity and statements of cash flows for the periods then ended. True and correct copies of Premiers audited financials
have been provided to ATAO. The Premier Financials (i) accurately reflect the books and records of as of the times and for the periods
referred to therein, (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied throughout and among the periods involved (except
that the Premier Audited Financials exclude the footnote disclosures and other presentation items required for GAAP or ISA and exclude
year-end adjustments which will not be material in amount), and (iii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of Premier as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of the operations and cash flows of Premier for the
periods indicated. Premier has never been subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

4.7Absence of Certain Changes. Since, January 1, 2022, Premier has (a) conducted its business only in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, (b) not been subject to a Material Adverse Effect and (c) has not taken any action or committed
or agreed to take any action that would be prohibited by Section 5.2 if such action were taken on or after the date hereof without
the consent of ATAO.

4.8Compliance with Laws. Premier is not nor has been in material conflict or material non-compliance with, or in material
default or violation of, nor has Premier received, since January 1, 2022, any written or, to the Knowledge of Premier, oral notice of
any material conflict or non-compliance with, or material default or violation of, any applicable Laws by which it or any of its properties,
assets, employees, business or operations are or were bound or affected.

9 

4.9Litigation. There is no (a) Action of any nature pending or, to Premiers Knowledge, threatened, nor is there
any reasonable basis for any Action to be made (and no such Action has been brought or, to Premiers Knowledge, threatened); or
(b) Order pending now or rendered by a Governmental Authority, in either case of (a) or (b) by or against Premier.

4.10Material Contracts. Premier has not received notice of breach of any material contract.

4.11Taxes and Returns. Premier has or will have timely filed, or caused to be timely filed, all Tax Returns required
to be filed by it for the tax years 2020 and later, which Tax Returns are true, accurate, correct and complete in all material respects,
and has paid, collected or withheld, or caused to be paid, collected or withheld, all material Taxes required to be paid, collected or
withheld, other than such Taxes for which adequate reserves in Financials have been established in accordance with GAAP. There are no
audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings pending against Premier in respect of any Tax, and Premier has not been notified
in writing of any proposed Tax claims or assessments against Premier (other than, in each case, claims or assessments for which adequate
reserves in the Premier Financials have been established in accordance with GAAP or are immaterial in amount). There are no Liens with
respect to any Taxes upon any of Premier assets, other than Permitted Liens. has no outstanding waivers or extensions of any applicable
statute of limitations to assess any material amount of Taxes. There are no outstanding requests by Premier for any extension of time
within which to file any Tax Return or within which to pay any Taxes shown to be due on any Tax Return.

4.12Title to and Sufficiency of Assets. Premier has good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in or right
to use, all of its assets, free and clear of all Liens other than (a) Permitted Liens, (b) the rights of lessors under leasehold interests,
(c) Liens specifically identified in the Premier Audited Financials and (d) Liens set forth on Schedule 4.13. The assets (including
Intellectual Property rights and contractual rights) of Premier constitute all of the assets, rights and properties that are used in
the operation of the businesses of Premier as it is now conducted and presently proposed to be conducted or that are used or held by
Premier for use in the operation of the businesses of Premier, and taken together, are adequate and sufficient for the operation of the
businesses of Premier as currently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted.

4.13Insurance. During each of the past three fiscal years, Premier has been adequately insured by financially sound and reputable
insurers with respect to risks normally insured against and in amounts normally carried by companies similarly situated. All such insurance
policies are in full force and effect; all premiums due on such policies have been fully paid; and no notice of cancellation or termination
has been received with respect to any policy.

4.14No Brokers. Except as set forth in Schedule 4.15, Premier has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly,
any liability for brokerage or finders fees or agents commissions or charges or any similar charges in connection with this
Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby.

4.15Independent Investigation. Premier has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the business,
results of operations, prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of ATAO and Merger Sub and acknowledges that it has been
provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of ATAO for such
purpose. Premier acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby, it has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of ATAO set forth
in Article IV (including the related portions of the ATAO Disclosure Schedule); and (b) none of ATAO or Merge Sub nor their respective
Representatives have made any representation or warranty as to ATAO, or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Article IV
(including the related portions of ATAO Disclosure Schedules).

4.16Shareholder Consent. Premiers sole shareholder (TIPP Aviation, LLC) will be signing this agreement.

10 

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

5.1Access and Information. Each Party shall give, and shall direct its Representatives to give, the other Party and its Representatives,
at reasonable times during normal business hours and upon reasonable intervals and notice, access to all offices and other facilities
and to all employees, properties, Contracts, agreements, commitments, books and records, financial and operating data and other information
(including Tax Returns, internal working papers, client files, client Contracts and director service agreements), of or pertaining to
such Party or its Subsidiaries, as the other Party or its Representatives may reasonably request regarding such Party, its Subsidiaries
and their respective businesses, assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects, operations, management, employees and other aspects
(including unaudited quarterly financial statements, including a consolidated quarterly balance sheet and income statement, a copy of
each material report, schedule and other document filed with or received by a Governmental Authority pursuant to the requirements of applicable
securities Laws, and independent public accountants work papers (subject to the consent or any other conditions required by such
accountants, if any)) and to reasonably cooperate with the other Party and its Representatives in their investigation; provided, however,
that each Party and its Representatives shall conduct any such activities in such a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with the business
or operations of the other Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

5.2Conduct of Business of Premier. Unless ATAO shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, Premier shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) conduct
their respective businesses, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) comply with
all Laws applicable to Premier and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, assets and employees, and (iii) take all commercially
reasonable measures necessary or appropriate to preserve intact, in all material respects, their respective business organizations, to
keep available the services of their respective managers, directors, officers, employees and consultants, and to preserve the possession,
control and condition of their respective material assets, all as consistent with past practice.

5.3Conduct of Business of ATAO. Unless Premier shall otherwise consent in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement ATAO shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) conduct
their respective businesses, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) comply with
all Laws applicable to ATAO and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses, assets and employees, and (iii) take all commercially
reasonable measures necessary or appropriate to preserve intact, in all material respects, their respective business organizations, to
keep available the services of their respective managers, directors, officers, employees and consultants, and to preserve the possession,
control and condition of their respective material assets, all as consistent with past practice.

5.4Financials. Premier has deliver to ATAO, (i) audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, together with the auditors reports thereon, which financial statements shall have
been audited in accordance with GAAP or ISA auditing standards by a qualified auditor and (ii) unaudited consolidated financial statements
for the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders
equity and cash flows for the period then ended, which unaudited financial statements shall have been reviewed in accordance with ISA
standards by a qualified auditor (such audited and unaudited financial statements described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), collectively,
the PCAOB Financials). The PCAOB Financials shall be accompanied by a certificate of the Chief Financial
Officer or President of Premier to the effect that all such financial statements fairly present the consolidated financial position and
results of operations of Premier and its Subsidiaries as of the date or for the periods indicated, in accordance with GAAP or ISA.

5.5ATAO SEC Reports. ATAO shall duly file with the SEC and deliver to Premier, as promptly as practicable, copies of all of
its required SEC Reports in connection with the Merger, prepared in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including the following:

a)Form 8-K disclosing the terms of this Agreement upon execution of this Agreement, and a Form 8-K/A within four days after closing,
or no later than March 6, 2024.

b) ATAO filing its December 31, 2023, Form 10-Q.

11 

5.6No Solicitation.

(a)For purposes of this Agreement, (i) an Acquisition Proposal means any inquiry, proposal or offer, or
any indication of interest in making an offer or proposal, from any Person or group at any time relating to an Alternative Transaction,
and (ii) an Alternative Transaction means (A) with respect to Premier and its Affiliates, a transaction (other
than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) concerning the sale of (x) all or any material part of the business or assets of
Premier (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or (y) any of the shares or other equity interests
or profits of Premier or its Affiliates, in any case, whether such transaction takes the form of a sale of shares or other equity, assets,
merger, consolidation, issuance of debt securities, management Contract, joint venture or partnership, or otherwise and (B) with respect
to Premier and its Affiliates, a transaction (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) concerning any business combination
with any Person.

(b)In order to induce ATAO to continue to commit to expend management time and financial resources in furtherance of the transactions
contemplated hereby, Premier shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to not, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, entertain, discuss, negotiate, assist, initiate or facilitate the making, submission or
announcement of, or intentionally encourage, any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) furnish any non- public information regarding such Party or
its Affiliates or their respective businesses, operations, assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects or employees to any Person
or group (other than a Party to this Agreement or their respective Representatives) in connection with or in response to an Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with any Person or group with respect to, or that could be expected
to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (iv) approve, endorse or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition
Proposal, (v) negotiate or enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related
to any Acquisition Proposal, or (vi) release any third Person from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality agreement to which
such Party is a party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no disclosure that the board of directors of ATAO may determine in good faith (after
consultation with its outside legal counsel) that ATAO is required to make under applicable Law will constitute a violation of this Agreement.

(c)Premier shall notify ATAO as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 48 hours) orally and in writing of the receipt by
Premier or any of its Representatives of (i) any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information or requests for discussions
or negotiations regarding or constituting any Acquisition Proposal or any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information
or requests for discussions or negotiations that could be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, and (ii) any request for non-public
information relating to Premier or its Affiliates, specifying in each case, the material terms and conditions thereof (including a copy
thereof if in writing or a written summary thereof if oral) and the identity of the party making such inquiry, proposal, offer or request
for information. Premier shall keep ATAO promptly informed of the status of any such inquiries, proposals, offers or requests for information.
shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any solicitations, discussions, or negotiations
with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and shall, and shall direct its Representatives to, cease and terminate any such
solicitations, discussions or negotiations.

5.7No Solicitation.

(a)For purposes of this Agreement, (i) an Acquisition Proposal means any inquiry, proposal or offer, or any indication
of interest in making an offer or proposal, from any Person or group at any time relating to an Alternative Transaction, and (ii) an
Alternative Transaction means (A) with respect to ATAO and its Affiliates, a transaction (other than the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement) concerning the sale of (x) all or any material part of the business or assets of ATAO (other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice) or (y) any of the shares or other equity interests or profits of ATAO or its Affiliates,
in any case, whether such transaction takes the form of a sale of shares or other equity, assets, merger, consolidation, issuance of
debt securities, management Contract, joint venture or partnership, or otherwise and (B) with respect to ATAO and its Affiliates, a transaction
(other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) concerning any business combination with any Person.

12 

(b)To induce Premier to continue to commit to expend management time and financial resources in furtherance of the transactions contemplated
hereby, ATAO shall not, and shall cause its Representatives to not, without the prior written consent of the other Party, directly or
indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, entertain, discuss, negotiate, assist, initiate or facilitate the making, submission or announcement
of, or intentionally encourage, any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) furnish any non-public information regarding such Party or its Affiliates
or their respective businesses, operations, assets, Liabilities, financial condition, prospects or employees to any Person or group (other
than a Party to this Agreement or their respective Representatives) in connection with or in response to an Acquisition Proposal, (iii)
engage or participate in discussions or negotiations with any Person or group with respect to, or that could be expected to lead to, an
Acquisition Proposal, (iv) approve, endorse or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal,
(v) negotiate or enter into any letter of intent, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to
any Acquisition Proposal, or (vi) release any third Person from, or waive any provision of, any confidentiality agreement to which such
Party is a party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no disclosure that the board of directors of ATAO may determine in good faith (after
consultation with its outside legal counsel) that ATAO is required to make under applicable Law will constitute a violation of this Agreement.

(c)ATAO shall notify Premier as promptly as practicable (and in any event within 48 hours) orally and in writing of the receipt by
ATAO or any of its Representatives of (i) any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information or requests for discussions
or negotiations regarding or constituting any Acquisition Proposal or any bona fide inquiries, proposals or offers, requests for information
or requests for discussions or negotiations that could be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal, and (ii) any request for non-public
information relating to ATAO or its Affiliates, specifying in each case, the material terms and conditions thereof (including a copy thereof
if in writing or a written summary thereof if oral) and the identity of the party making such inquiry, proposal, offer or request for
information. ATAO shall keep Premier promptly informed of the status of any such inquiries, proposals, offers or requests for information.
ATAO shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any solicitations, discussions, or negotiations
with any Person with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and shall, and shall direct its Representatives to, cease and terminate any such
solicitations, discussions or negotiations.

5.8Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the Parties shall give prompt notice to the other Parties if such Party or its
Affiliates: (a) fails to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it or its Affiliates
hereunder in any material respect; (b) receives any notice or other communication in writing from any third party (including any Governmental
Authority) alleging (i) that the Consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or (ii) any non-compliance with any Law by such Party or its Affiliates; (c) receives any notice or other communication
from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (d) discovers any fact or circumstance
that, or becomes aware of the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the occurrence or non-occurrence of which, would reasonably be
expected to cause or result in any of the conditions to set forth in Article VI not being satisfied or the satisfaction of those
conditions being materially delayed; or (e) becomes aware of the commencement or threat, in writing, of any Action against such Party
or any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective properties or assets, or, to the Knowledge of such Party, any officer, director,
partner, member or manager, in his, her or its capacity as such, of such Party or of its Affiliates with respect to the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No such notice shall constitute an acknowledgement or admission by the Party providing
the notice regarding whether or not any of the conditions to the Closing have been satisfied or in determining whether or not any of the
representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement have been breached.

5.9Tax Matters. Each of the Parties shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. None of the Parties shall (and each of the Parties shall cause their respective Subsidiaries
not to) take any action, or fail to take any action, which could reasonably be expected to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The Parties intend to report and, except to the extent otherwise required by Law, shall
report, for federal income tax purposes, the Merger as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

5.10Further Assurances. The Parties hereto shall further cooperate with each other and use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be done all things, necessary, proper or advisable on their part
under this Agreement and applicable Laws to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable,
including preparing and filing as soon as practicable all documentation to effect all necessary notices, reports and other filings.

13 

5.11Confidential Information. The Parties hereby agree that in the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its
terms, for a period of two (2) years after such termination, they shall, and shall cause their Representatives to: (i) treat and hold
in strict confidence any Confidential Information, and will not use for any purpose (except in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, performing their obligations hereunder or thereunder, enforcing
their rights hereunder or thereunder), nor directly or indirectly disclose, distribute, publish, disseminate or otherwise make available
to any third party any of the Confidential Information without the other Partys prior written consent; and (ii) in the event that
the either Party or its Affiliates or Representatives, in the event this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, for a period
of two (2) years after such termination, becomes legally compelled to disclose any Confidential Information, (A) provide the other Party
with prompt written notice of such requirement so that that Party or an Affiliate thereof may seek a protective Order or other remedy
or waive compliance with this Section 5.12, and (B) in the event that such protective Order or other remedy is not obtained, or
the relevant Party waives compliance with this Section 5.12, furnish only that portion of such Confidential Information which is
legally required to be provided as advised in writing by counsel. In the event that this Agreement is terminated, and the transactions
contemplated hereby are not consummated, the Parties shall, and shall cause their Affiliates and Representatives to, promptly deliver
to the other Party any and all copies (in whatever form or medium) of Confidential Information and destroy all notes, memoranda, summaries,
analyses, compilations and other writings related thereto or based thereon.

5.12Post-Closing Board of Directors and Executive Officers.

(a)The Parties shall take all necessary action, including causing the directors and officers of ATAO to resign, so that effective
as of the Closing, ATAOs board of directors (the Post-Closing ATAO Board) will consist of five directors.
Immediately after the Closing, the Parties shall take all necessary action to designate and appoint to the Post-Closing ATAO Board such
persons as will be designated by Premier prior to the Closing. As of the Closing, the Parties shall take all necessary action to designate
and appoint Sandra DiCicco as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of ATAO. Subject to resignations provided
by ATAOs directors, the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Closing shall be the same as the
board of directors of Premier immediately prior to the Closing.

(b)The Parties shall take all action necessary, including causing the executive officers of ATAO to resign, so that the individual
serving as the chief executive officer of ATAO immediately after the Closing will be the same individual (in the same office) as that
of Premier immediately prior to the Closing (unless, at its sole discretion, Premier desires to appoint another qualified person to either
such role, in which case, such other person identified by Premier shall serve in such role).

5.13Mutual Indemnification of Directors
and Officers.

(a)The Parties shall mutually jointly and severally (i) assume the obligations with respect to all rights to indemnification, advancement
of expenses and exculpation from liabilities, for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in favor
of the current or former directors, officers or consultants of the Parties and each Person who served as a director, officer, member,
consultant, trustee or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, pension or other employee benefit plan or
enterprise at the request of the Parties (collectively, the Indemnified
Persons) as provided in the Parties Organizational
Documents or any indemnification agreement between such Indemnified Person and each of the Parties (in each case, as in effect on the
date hereof and, in the case of any indemnification agreement, as set forth in each of the Parties Disclosure Schedules and of
which each of the Parties has made available to true, correct and complete copies), without further action, as of the Effective Time,
and such obligations shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms and (ii) during
the period commencing on the Effective Time and ending on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Time, indemnify and hold harmless
each Indemnified Person with respect to all claims, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, fines, penalties, costs (including amounts
paid in settlement or compromise) and expenses (including fees and expenses of legal counsel) in connection with the defense of any Action
(whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative), whenever asserted, based on or arising out of, in whole or in part, (A) the
fact that an Indemnified Person was a director or officer of one of the Parties or (B) acts or omissions by an Indemnified Person in
the Indemnified Persons capacity as a director, officer or agent
of one of the Parties or taken at the request of one of the Parties (including in connection with serving at the request of one of the
Parties as a director, officer, agent, trustee or fiduciary of another person), in each case under clause (A) or (B), at, or at any time
prior to, the Effective Time (including any Action relating in whole or in part to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
relating to the enforcement of this provision or any other indemnification or advancement right of any Indemnified Person), to the fullest
extent permitted under applicable Law that the Parties and the Surviving Corporation could provide such indemnification to such Indemnified
Persons pursuant to Nevada Law and the Parties Organizational Documents in effect on the date of this Agreement; provided, however,
that no Indemnified Person shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Section 5.12 in respect of any act or omission which
has been adjudicated to be ineligible for indemnification under Nevada Law.

14 

(b)For the avoidance of doubt, the applicable rights of indemnification and exculpation contemplated by this Section 5.12
and pursuant to the terms of the ATAO Organizational Documents as in effect at or immediately prior to the Effective Time shall not be
impaired by any modification of such terms in any amendment or restatement of such Organizational Documents following the Effective Time
(including in connection with the filing of the Plan of Merger). The Surviving Corporation shall not settle, compromise or consent to
the entry of any judgment in any threatened or actual Action relating to any acts or omissions covered under this Section 5.13
(each, a Claim) for which indemnification
has been sought by an Indemnified Person hereunder, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of
such Indemnified Person from all liability arising out of such Claim or such Indemnified Person otherwise consents in writing to such
settlement, compromise or consent.

(c)In the event the Surviving Corporation or any of its respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, the Surviving Corporation shall make proper provision so
that the successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.13.

5.14Audited Financial Statements. Premier agrees to provide to ATAO prior to Closing its latest two fiscal years of financial
statements audited by a PCAOB approved independent accounting firm in accordance with SEC Regulation S-X.

5.15No ATAO Debt or Contingent Liabilities at Closing. ATAO will eliminate any outstanding debt obligations or contingent liabilities
prior to Closing.

5.16Survival. The representations and warranties of each of the Parties contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or
instrument delivered by or on behalf of such Parties pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing, and from and after the
Closing, neither Party shall have any further obligations, nor shall any claim be asserted or action be brought against any other Party.
The covenants and agreements made by each Party in this Agreement or in any certificate or instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
including any rights arising out of any breach of such covenants or agreements, shall not survive the Closing, except for those covenants
and agreements contained herein and therein that by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Closing or
by their express terms survive Closing (which such covenants shall survive the Closing and continue until fully performed in accordance
with their terms).

ARTICLE VI

CLOSING CONDITIONS

6.1Conditions to Obligations of Premier. The obligations of Premier to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or written waiver (by ATAO) of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties of ATAO set forth in this Agreement and in any
certificate delivered by ATAO pursuant hereto shall be true and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing
Date as if made on the Closing Date, except for (i) those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular
date (which representations and warranties shall have been accurate as of such date), and (ii) any failures to be true and correct that
(without giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect), individually or in the aggregate,
have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on, or with respect to Premier.

(b)Agreements and Covenants. ATAO shall have performed in all material respects all of ATAOs obligations and complied
in all material respects with all of ATAOs agreements and covenants under this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it
on or prior to the Closing Date, including delivery of duly authorized and delivered copies of the Ancillary Agreements.

15 

(c)No Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred with respect to ATAO since the date of this Agreement
which is continuing and uncured.

(d)Diligence. shall have completed its due diligence investigation of ATAO, including the financial and legal documents, materials,
properties, books, and records of ATAO, and shall be reasonably satisfied, in its reasonable discretion, with the results thereof.

(e)Requisite Regulatory Approvals. All Consents required to be obtained from or made with any Governmental Authority in order
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained or made.

(f)No Litigation. There shall not be any pending Action brought by a third-party non-Affiliate to enjoin or otherwise restrict
the consummation of the Closing.

(g)Reorganization. NA

(h)Closing Deliveries.

(i)Officer Certificate. ATAO shall have delivered to Premier a certificate, unless waived, dated the Closing Date, signed by an executive
officer of ATAO in such capacity only, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a), 6.1(b)
and 6.1(c) and further certifying as to, and attaching, (A) copies of ATAO and Merger Subs Organizational Documents as in
effect as of the Closing Date and (B) the resolutions of ATAOs board of directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and each of the Ancillary Documents to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.

(ii)Good Standing. ATAO shall have delivered to Premier a good standing certificate (or similar documents applicable for such jurisdictions),
unless waived, for ATAO certified as of a date no later than sixty (60) days prior to the Closing Date from the proper Governmental Authority
of ATAOs jurisdiction of organization and from each other jurisdiction in which ATAO is qualified to do business as a foreign entity
as of the Closing, in each case to the extent that good standing certificates or similar documents are generally available in such jurisdictions.

(iii)Resignations and Elections. ATAO shall have obtained and delivered to Premier at or prior to the Closing the resignation of its
directors (subject to requirements of Schedule 14-f) and each officer of ATAO.

(iv)DTC Eligibility. All shares of ATAO Common Stock shall be eligible for deposit with the Depository Trust Company (provided that
all costs and expenses associated with making such shares eligible and fulfilling such condition shall be borne by Premier).

6.2Conditions to Obligations of ATAO. The obligations of ATAO and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction or written waiver (by Premier) of the following conditions:

(a)Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties of Premier set forth in this Agreement and in
any certificate delivered by Premier, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date
as if made on the Closing Date, except for (i) those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date
(which representations and warranties shall have been accurate as of such date), and (ii) any failures to be true and correct that (without
giving effect to any qualifications or limitations as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect), individually or in the aggregate, have
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on, or with respect to, Premier.

16 

(b)Agreements and Covenants. Premier shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations and complied in all
material respects with all of its agreements and covenants under this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to
the Closing Date, including delivery of duly authorized and delivered copies of the Ancillary Agreements.

(c)No Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred with respect to Premier since the date of this
Agreement which is continuing and uncured.

(d)Diligence. ATAO shall have completed its due diligence investigation of Premier, including the financial and legal documents,
materials, properties, books, and records of Premier, and shall be reasonably satisfied, in its reasonable discretion, with the results
thereof.

(e)Requisite Regulatory Approvals. All Consents required to be obtained from or made with any Governmental Authority to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained or made.

(f)No Litigation. There shall not be any pending Action brought by a third-party non-Affiliate to enjoin or otherwise restrict
the consummation of the Closing.

(g) Closing Deliveries.

(i)Ancillary documents. ATAO shall have received all Ancillary Documents required to be executed by third parties duly executed by
such third parties.

(ii)Officer Certificate. ATAO shall have received a certificate from Premier, unless waived, dated as the Closing Date, signed by an
executive officer of Premier in such capacity, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Sections 7.2(a), 7.2(b)
and 7.2(c).

(iii)Secretarys or Other Certifying Officers Certificate. Premier shall have delivered to ATAO a certificate, unless waived,
executed by Premiers Secretary or other certifying officer as to the validity and effectiveness of, and attaching, (A) copies of
Premiers Organizational Documents as in effect as of the Closing Date (immediately prior to the Closing), and (B) the incumbency
of officers of Premier authorized to execute this Agreement or any Ancillary Document to which Premier is or is required to be a party
or otherwise bound.

(iv)Audited Financial Statements. Premier shall have delivered (i) the final audited consolidated financial statements of Premier (including,
in each case, any related notes thereto), consisting of the consolidated balance sheets of the and its subsidiaries as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated audited income statements, changes in shareholder equity and statements of cash
flows for the years then ended, each audited in accordance with PCAOB auditing standards by a qualified auditor.

6.3Frustration of Conditions. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Party may rely on the failure of
any condition set forth in this Article VI to be satisfied if such failure was caused by the failure of such Party or its Affiliates
to comply with or perform any of its covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement.

ARTICLE VII

N/A

17 

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION AND
EXPENSES

8.1Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the transactions contemplated hereby may be abandoned at any time prior
to the Closing as follows:

(a)
by mutual written consent of ATAO and Premier.

(b)by written notice by ATAO or Premier if any of the conditions to the Closing set forth in Article VI have not been satisfied or
waived by March 31, 2025 (the Outside Date); provided, however, the right to terminate this Agreement under
this Section 8.1(b) shall not be available to a Party if the breach or violation by such Party or its Affiliates of any representation,
warranty, covenant or obligation under this Agreement was the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before
the Outside Date;

(c)by written notice by either ATAO or Premier if a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an Order or
taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and
such Order or other action has become final and non-appealable; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(c) shall not be available to a Party if the failure by such Party or its Affiliates to comply with any provision
of this Agreement has been a substantial cause of, or substantially resulted in, such action by such Governmental Authority;

(d)by written notice by Premier, if (i) there has been a material breach by ATAO of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements contained in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of ATAO shall have become materially untrue or materially
inaccurate, in any case, which would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 6.1(a) or Section 6.1(b) to
be satisfied (treating the Closing Date for such purposes as the date of this Agreement or, if later, the date of such breach), and (ii)
the breach or inaccuracy is incapable of being cured or is not cured within the earlier of (A) twenty (20) days after written notice
of such breach or inaccuracy is provided by Premier or (B) the Outside Date;

(e)by written notice by ATAO, if (i) there has been a breach by Premier of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
contained in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of such Parties shall have become untrue or inaccurate, in any case,
which would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.2(b) to be satisfied (treating the
Closing Date for such purposes as the date of this Agreement or, if later, the date of such breach), and

(ii) the breach or inaccuracy is
incapable of being cured or is not cured within the earlier of (A) twenty (20) days after written notice of such breach or inaccuracy
is provided by ATAO or (B) the Outside Date;

(f)by written notice by ATAO, to Premier if there shall have been a Material Adverse Effect on Premier or its Subsidiaries following
the date of this Agreement which is uncured and continuing; or

(g)by written notice by ATAO to Premier if Premier had not have delivered to ATAO on or prior to March 6, 2024, the Premier PCAOB
Financials; or

(h)
by written notice by Premier.

8.2Effect of Termination. This Agreement may only be terminated in the circumstances described in Section 8.1 and pursuant
to a written notice delivered by the applicable Party to the other applicable Parties, which sets forth the basis for such termination,
including the provision of Section 8.1 under which such termination is made. In the event of the valid termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Section 8.1, (i) this Agreement shall forthwith become void, and (ii) there shall be no Liability on the part of any
Party or any of their respective Representatives, and all rights and obligations of each Party shall cease.

8.3Fees and Expenses. Except as provided otherwise in this Agreement, including in Section 8.2 above, all Expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such expenses. As used
in this Agreement, Expenses shall include all out-of-pocket expenses (including all fees and expenses of counsel,
accountants, investment bankers, financial advisors, financing sources, experts and consultants to a Party hereto or any of its Affiliates)
incurred by a Party or on its behalf in connection with or related to the authorization, preparation, negotiation, execution or performance
of this Agreement or any Ancillary Document related hereto and all other matters related to the consummation of this Agreement.

18 

ARTICLE
IX

MISCELLANEOUS

9.1Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by electronic mail or facsimile or other electronic means, with affirmative confirmation
of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) five
(5) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in each case to
the applicable Party at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):

If to ATAO: 

Altair International Corp.

322 North Shore Drive, Building 1B Suite 200

Pittsburgh,
PA, 15212

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Culhane Meadows PLLC

1701 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.

Suite 200

Washington, D.C. 20006

If to Premier: 

2006 Palomar Airport Road, Suite 210

Carlsbad, CA 92011

Phone: 858.999.3981

Email: office@premieraircharter.com

9.2Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement shall not be assigned whether by operation
of Law or otherwise without the prior written consent of ATAO and Premier, and any assignment without such consent shall be null and void,
provided that no such permitted assignment shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations hereunder.

9.3Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby shall create any rights in or be deemed to have been executed for the benefit of, any Person
that is not a Party hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a Party.

19 

9.4Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the Laws of
the State of Nevada without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof, except as provided by California law. All Actions arising
out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in Clark County,
Nevada (or in any appellate court thereof) (the Specified Courts). Each Party hereto hereby (a) submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of any Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought
by any Party hereto and (b) irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such Action,
any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any Specified Court. Each Party agrees that a final judgment
in any Action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided
by Law. Each Party irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other Action relating
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies of such process
to such Party at the applicable address set forth in Section 9.1. Nothing in Section 9.4 shall affect the right of any
Party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law.

9.5WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE Parties HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY
OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT AND THE OTHER Parties HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 9.5.

9.6Specific Performance. Each Party acknowledges that the rights of each Party to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby are unique, recognizes and affirms that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by any Party, money damages may be inadequate
and the non-breaching Party may have not adequate remedy at law, and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of this Agreement were not performed by an applicable Party in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached.
Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to seek an injunction or restraining order to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to seek
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or other security or to prove that money
damages would be inadequate, this being in addition to any other right or remedy to which such Party may be entitled under this Agreement,
at law or in equity.

9.7Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction,
such provision shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal
and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby nor shall the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties will substitute for
any invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.

9.8Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, supplemented, or modified only by execution of a written instrument signed by
ATAO and Premier.

9.9Waiver. ATAO on behalf of itself Merger Sub and its Affiliates, Premier on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, may in its
sole discretion on behalf of itself (i) extend the time for the performance of any obligation or other act of any other non- Affiliated
Party hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracy in the representations and warranties by such other non-Affiliated Party contained herein or in
any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance by such other non-Affiliated Party with any covenant or condition contained
herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party or Parties to be
bound thereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure or delay by a Party in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise of any other right hereunder.

20 

9.10Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents or instruments referred to herein, including any exhibits and schedules
attached hereto, which exhibits and schedules are incorporated herein by reference, together with the Ancillary Documents, embody the
entire agreement and understanding of the Parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein. There are no restrictions,
promises, representations, warranties, covenants, or undertakings, other than those expressly set forth or referred to herein or the documents
or instruments referred to herein, which collectively supersede all prior agreements and the understandings among the Parties with respect
to the subject matter contained herein.

9.11Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or other electronic transmission) in
one or more counterparts, and by the different Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to
be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute the same agreement.

ARTICLE
X

DEFINITIONS

10.1Certain Definitions. For purpose of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Acquisition Proposal has the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.7(a) hereof.

Act has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals hereto.

Action
means any notice of noncompliance or violation, or any claim, demand, charge, action, suit, litigation, audit, settlement, complaint,
stipulation, assessment or arbitration, or any request (including any request for information), inquiry, hearing, proceeding or investigation,
by or before any Governmental Authority.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with such
Person.

Agreement has the meaning set
forth in the Preamble hereto.

Alternative Transaction has
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.7(a) hereof.

Ancillary Documents means any
document that the Parties determine is necessary to consummate the Merger.

ATAO has the meaning set forth
in the Preamble hereto.

ATAO Common Stock means
the shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share, of ATAO.

ATAO Financials has the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 3.7(b) hereof.

ATAO Material Contract has the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.13 hereof.

ATAO
Preferred Stock means the 10,000,000 authorized shares of blank check preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, of ATAO.

21 

ATAO Stock means the shares
of ATAO Common Stock.

ATAO Stockholders means the
holders of ATAO Common Stock.

ATAO Securities means, collectively,
the ATAO Stock or securities convertible into ATAO Stock.

Benefit
Plans of any Person means any and all deferred compensation, executive compensation, incentive compensation, equity purchase
or other equity-based compensation plan, employment or consulting, severance or termination pay, holiday, vacation or other bonus plan
or practice, hospitalization or other medical, life or other insurance, supplemental unemployment benefits, profit sharing, pension, or
retirement plan, program, agreement, commitment or arrangement, and each other employee benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement,
including each employee benefit plan as such term is defined under Section 3(3) of ERISA, maintained or contributed to or
required to be contributed to by a Person for the benefit of any employee or terminated employee of such Person, or with respect to which
such Person has any Liability, whether direct or indirect, actual or contingent, whether formal or informal, and whether legally binding
or not.

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking institutions in New York,
New York are authorized to close for business, excluding as a result of stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential
employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental
authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems, including for wire transfers, of commercially banking institutions in New
York, New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

California Law has the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 1.1 hereof. Closing has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1
hereof. Closing Date has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1 hereof.

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code
shall include such section and any valid treasury regulation promulgated thereunder.

Confidential Information
means all confidential or proprietary documents and information concerning the either Party or any of its Representatives; provided,
however, that the Confidential Information shall not include any information which, (i) at the time of disclosure by Premier or
its respective Representatives, is generally available publicly and was not disclosed in breach of this Agreement or (ii) at the time
of the disclosure by ATAO or its Representatives to Premier or its Representatives, was previously known by such receiving party without
violation of Law or any confidentiality obligation by the Person receiving such Confidential Information.

Consent
means any consent, approval, waiver, authorization or Permit of, or notice to or declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority
or any other Person.

Contracts
means all contracts, agreements, binding arrangements, bonds, notes, indentures, mortgages, debt instruments, purchase order, licenses
(and all other contracts, agreements or binding arrangements concerning Intellectual Property), franchises, leases and other instruments
or obligations of any kind, written or oral (including any amendments and other modifications thereto).

22 

Control
of a Person means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise. Controlled, Controlling
and under common Control with have correlative meanings. Without limiting the foregoing a Person (the Controlled
Person) shall be deemed Controlled by (a) any other Person (the 10% Owner) (i) owning beneficially,
as meant in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, securities entitling such Person to cast ten percent (10%) or more of the votes for election
of directors or equivalent governing authority of the Controlled Person or (ii) entitled to be allocated or receive ten percent (10%)
or more of the profits, losses, or distributions of the Controlled Person; (b) an officer, director, general partner, partner (other than
a limited partner), manager, or member (other than a member having no management authority that is not a 10% Owner) of the Controlled
Person; or (c) a spouse, parent, lineal descendant, sibling, aunt, uncle, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, sister-in-law,
or brother-in-law of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or a trust for the benefit of an Affiliate of the Controlled Person or of which
an Affiliate of the Controlled Person is a trustee.

Effective Time has the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.2 hereof.

Enforceability Exceptions has the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 3.2 hereof.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

FINRA means the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc.

Fraud
Claim means any claim based in whole or in part upon common law fraud as set in the elements of fraud under applicable
Law.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles as in effect in the United States of America.

Governmental Authority means
any federal, state, local, foreign, or other governmental, quasi-governmental or administrative body, instrumentality, department or
agency or any court, tribunal, administrative hearing body, arbitration panel, commission, or other similar dispute-resolving panel or
body.

Indebtedness
of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including the outstanding principal
and accrued but unpaid interest), (b) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred
in the ordinary course of business), (c) any other indebtedness of such Person that is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture, credit agreement
or similar instrument, (d) all obligations of such Person under leases that should be classified as capital leases in accordance with
GAAP, (e) all obligations of such Person for the reimbursement of any obligor on any line or letter of credit, bankers acceptance,
guarantee or similar credit transaction, in each case, that has been drawn or claimed against, (f) all obligations of such Person in respect
of acceptances issued or created, (g) all interest rate and currency swaps, caps, collars and similar agreements or hedging devices under
which payments are obligated to be made by such Person, whether periodically or upon the happening of a contingency, (h) all obligations
secured by an Lien on any property of such Person, (i) any premiums, prepayment fees or other penalties, fees, costs or expenses associated
with payment of any Indebtedness of such Person and (j) all obligation described in clauses (a) through (i) above of any other Person
which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise
acquire or in respect of which it has otherwise assured a creditor against loss.

23 

Intellectual
Property means all of the following as they exist in any jurisdiction throughout the world: patents, trademarks, copyrights,
trade secrets, internet assets, software and other intellectual property, and all licenses, sublicenses and other agreements or permissions
related to the preceding property.

IRS means the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service (or any successor Governmental Authority).

Knowledge
means, with respect to any Party, the actual knowledge of the executive officers or directors of such Party, after due inquiry.

Law
means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, legislation, principle of common law, ordinance, code, edict,
decree, proclamation, treaty, convention, rule, regulation, directive, requirement, writ, injunction, settlement, Order or Consent that
is or has been issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the
authority of any Governmental Authority.

Liabilities
means any and all liabilities, Indebtedness, Actions or obligations of any nature (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise,
whether known or unknown, whether direct or indirect, whether matured or unmatured and whether due or to become due), including Tax liabilities
due or to become due.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, attachment, right of first refusal, proxy, voting trust, encumbrance, lien or charge of
any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof), restriction (whether on voting,
sale, transfer, disposition or otherwise), any subordination arrangement in favor of another Person, any filing or agreement to file a
financing statement as debtor under the Uniform Commercial Code or any similar Law.

Material
Adverse Effect means, with respect to any specified Person, any fact, event, occurrence, change or effect that has had,
or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect upon (a) the business, assets, Liabilities,
results of operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) the
ability of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries on a timely basis to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Ancillary Documents to which it is a party or bound or to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder; provided, however,
that for purposes of clause (a) above, any changes or effects directly or indirectly attributable to, resulting from, relating to or arising
out of the following (by themselves or when aggregated with any other, changes or effects) shall not be deemed to be, constitute, or be
taken into account when determining whether there has or may, would or could have occurred a Material Adverse Effect: (i) general changes
in the financial or securities markets or general economic or political conditions in the country or region in which such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries do business; (ii) changes, conditions or effects that generally affect the industries in which such Person or any
of its Subsidiaries principally operate; (iii) changes in GAAP or other applicable accounting principles or mandatory changes in the regulatory
accounting requirements applicable to any industry in which such Person and its Subsidiaries principally operate; (iv) conditions caused
by acts of God, terrorism, war (whether or not declared), pandemic or natural disaster; and (v) any failure in and of itself by such Person
and its Subsidiaries to meet any internal or published budgets, projections, forecasts or predictions of financial performance for any
period (provided that the underlying cause of any such failure may be considered in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has
occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur to the extent not excluded by another exception herein); provided further, however,
that any event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change referred to in clauses (i) - (iv) immediately above shall be taken into account
in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or could reasonably be expected to occur to the extent that such event,
occurrence, fact, condition, or change has a disproportionate effect on such Person or any of its Subsidiaries compared to other participants
in the industries in which such Person or any of its Subsidiaries primarily conducts its businesses.

Merger has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals hereto.

24 

Merger Consideration has the
meaning set forth in Section 1.7 hereof.

Merger Sub
has the meaning ascribed to such term set forth in the Preamble hereto.

Nevada Law has the meaning ascribed
to such term in Section 1.1 hereof.

Order
means any order, decree, ruling, judgment, injunction, writ, determination, binding decision, verdict, judicial award, or other action
that is or has been made, entered, rendered, or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority.

Organizational
Documents means, with respect to any Person that is not a natural person, the articles of incorporation, Articles of Incorporation,
charter, bylaws, articles of formation, certificate of formation, regulations, operating agreement, partnership agreement, certificate
of limited partnership, trust agreement or other similar documents, instruments or certificates executed, adopted or filed in connection
with the creation, formation or organization of such Person, including any amendments thereto or restatements thereof.

Outside Date has the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 8.1(b).

Party and Parties
have the meanings set forth in the Preamble hereto.

PCAOB means the U.S. Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (or any successor thereto).

PCAOB Financials has the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 5.4 hereof.

Permits
means all federal, state, local or foreign or other third-party permits, grants, easements, consents, approvals, authorizations, exemptions,
licenses, franchises, concessions, ratifications, permissions, clearances, confirmations, endorsements, waivers, certifications, designations,
ratings, registrations, qualifications or orders of any Governmental Authority or any other Person.

Permitted
Liens means (a) Liens for Taxes or assessments and similar governmental charges or levies, which either are (i) not delinquent
or (ii) being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, and adequate reserves have been established with respect thereto,
(b) other Liens imposed by operation of Law arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts which are not due and payable and as
would not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of, or materially adversely interfere with the use of, the property subject
thereto, (c) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with social security, (d) Liens on goods
in transit incurred pursuant to documentary letters of credit, in each case arising in the ordinary course of business, or (v) Liens arising
under this Agreement or any Ancillary Document.

Person
means an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, limited partnership, or limited liability partnership),
limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a government, domestic or foreign, or political
subdivision thereof, or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Personal
Property means any machinery, equipment, tools, vehicles, furniture, leasehold improvements, office equipment, plant, parts,
and other tangible personal property.

25 

Plan of Merger has the meaning
ascribed to it in Section 1.2 hereto.

Post-Closing ATAO Board
has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.13 hereof.

Preferred Stock Consideration has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.7 hereof.

Premier Audited Financials has
the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6 hereof.

Premier Shareholders means the
holders of Premier Common Stock.

Representatives
means, as to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective managers, directors, officers, employees, independent contractors,
consultants, advisors (including financial advisors, counsel, and accountants), agents and other legal representatives of such Person
or its Affiliates.

SEC means the Securities
and Exchange Commission (or any successor Governmental Authority).

SEC Reports has the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 3.7(a) hereof.

Securities Act means the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

Specified Courts has the meaning
ascribed to such term in Section 9.4 hereof.

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a
majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election
of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of
the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, association or other business entity, a majority
of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person
or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons will be deemed to have a
majority ownership interest in a partnership, association or other business entity if such Person or Persons will be allocated a majority
of partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or will be or control the managing director, managing member, general
partner or other managing Person of such partnership, association or other business entity. A Subsidiary of a Person will also include
any variable interest entity which is consolidated with such Person under applicable accounting rules.

Surviving Corporation has the
meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1 hereof.

Tax
Return means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, information return or other documents (including any related
or supporting schedules, statements or information) filed or required to be filed in connection with the determination, assessment or
collection of any Taxes or the administration of any Laws or administrative requirements relating to any Taxes.

26 

Taxes
means (a) all direct or indirect federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, value-added,
ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, social security and
related contributions due in relation to the payment of compensation to employees, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property,
windfall profits, alternative minimum, estimated, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto, (b) any Liability for payment
of amounts described in clause (a) whether as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for
any period or otherwise through operation of law and (c) any Liability for the payment of amounts described in clauses (a) or (b) as a
result of any tax sharing, tax group, tax indemnity or tax allocation agreement with, or any other express or implied agreement to indemnify,
any other Person.

Willful
Breach means, with respect to any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement, a breach that is a consequence of an
act deliberately undertaken or omitted to be taken by the breaching party with the specific intent that the taking of such act or failure
to take such act would cause a breach of the relevant representation, warranty, covenant or agreement.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

27 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto
has caused this Agreement to be signed and delivered as of the date first written above.

ATAO:

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP.

By:
/s/ Leonard Lovallo 

Name:
Leonard Lovallo

Title: Chairman, President, and CEO

PREMIER
AIR CHARTER MERGER SUB, INC.

By:
/s/ Leonard Lovallo 

Name:
Leonard Lovallo

Title: Chairman, President, CEO, and Secretary

PREMIER
AIR CHARTER INC.

By:
/s/ Ross Gourdie 

Name: Ross Gourdie

Title: President, Secretary, Treasurer

By:
/s/ Sandra DiCicco 

Name: Sandra DiCicco

Title: Chairman and CEO

TIPP AVIATION, LLC.

By:
/s/ Sandra DiCicco 

Name: Sandra DiCicco

Title: Managing Member

28
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-16.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>altair_ex1601.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER FROM FRUCI & ASSOCIATES II, PLLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 16.1

March 11, 2025

Securities and Exchange Commission

100 F Street N.E.

Washington, D.C. 20549

Dear Sirs/Madams:

RE: Altair International Corp.

We have read Item 4.01 of Altair International
Corp.s Form 8-K dated March 5, 2025, and we are in agreement with the statements set forth in Item 4.01, insofar as they relate
to our firm. We have no basis to agree or disagree with the other statements contained within the Form 8-K.

Yours truly,

Fruci & Associates II, PLLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>atao-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>atao-20250305_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>atao-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>atao-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image_009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image_010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>image_005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-56312

Entity Registrant Name Altair International
Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001570937

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-0385465

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 2006
Palomar Airport Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 210

Entity Address, City or Town Carlsbad

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92011

City Area Code 858

Local Phone Number 239-0788

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 322
North Shore Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building
1B

Entity Address, Address Line Three Suite
200

Entity Address, City or Town Pittsburgh

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15212

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
22 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://altairinternationalcorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

altair_8k.htm 
atao-20250305.xsd 
atao-20250305_def.xml 
atao-20250305_lab.xml 
atao-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-001519-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>altair_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001570937 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

0001570937 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001570937 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
Altair International Corp. 
NV 
000-56312 
99-0385465 
2006 Palomar Airport Road 
Suite 210 
Carlsbad 
CA 
92011 
858 
239-0788 
322 North Shore Drive 
Building 1B 
Suite 200 
Pittsburgh 
PA 
15212 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>