<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001423689-25-000035.txt : 20250320
<SEC-HEADER>0001423689-25-000035.hdr.sgml : 20250320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320163758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001423689-25-000035
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250320
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGNC Investment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001423689
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				261701984
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34057
		FILM NUMBER:		25757036

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVENUE, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301 968 9300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7373 WISCONSIN AVENUE, 22ND FLOOR
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Capital Agency Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080111
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?agnc-20250320

0001423689false00014236892025-03-202025-03-200001423689us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-202025-03-200001423689agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof7.000SeriesCFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-03-202025-03-200001423689agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.875SeriesDFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-03-202025-03-200001423689agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.500SeriesEFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-03-202025-03-200001423689agnc:Depositaryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.125SeriesFFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-03-202025-03-200001423689agnc:DepositarySharesEachRepresentingA11000thInterestInAShareOf775SeriesGFixedRateResetCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember2025-03-202025-03-20

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

__________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

__________________________________________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 20, 2025

__________________________________________________

AGNC INVESTMENT CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

__________________________________________________

Delaware 001-34057 26-1701984

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation or Organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

7373 Wisconsin Avenue, 22nd Floor

Bethesda, Maryland20814

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

(301) 968-9300

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

__________________________________________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share AGNC The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary shares of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock AGNCN The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary shares of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock AGNCM The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary shares of 6.50% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock AGNCO The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary shares of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock AGNCP The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Depositary shares of 7.75% Series G Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative 

Redeemable Preferred Stock AGNCL The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 5.02(b). Departure of Director

On March 16, 2025, Morris A. Davis notified AGNC Investment Corp. (the Company) of his immediate resignation and his decision not to stand for re-election to the Companys Board of Directors at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 17, 2025 (the Annual Meeting). Dr. Davis resigned from his position in connection with his appointment to the White House Council of Economic Advisers as the Chief Housing Economist. Dr. Davis decision to resign and not to stand for re-election is not the result of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies, or practices.

In light of this decision, the Board decreased the size of the Board from nine to eight members, effective March 17, 2025, and therefore no other nominee for election at the Annual Meeting will be named in Dr. Davis place.

Item 5.02(e). Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

On March 20, 2025, AGNC Mortgage Management, LLC (AMM) entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the Agreement) with Christopher J. Kuehl pursuant to which he will serve as Senior Vice President, Head of Investment Research and Strategy. The Agreement revises the following terms from Mr. Kuehls prior employment agreement dated December 10, 2020, as amended.

Annual Cash Bonus: Mr. Kuehl will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus having a target value of at least $1,350,000 for 2025 and for each calendar year thereafter. Payment of this bonus will be based in part on the achievement of specified annual performance measures set by the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee), and in part on his individual performance. 

Annual Long-Term Incentive Award: Subject to award by the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee, Mr. Kuehl is entitled to receive annual long-term incentive awards with respect to shares of common stock of the Company with a fair market value (at target on the date of the grant) of at least $675,000. 25% of these awards will vest based upon the achievement of specified performance metrics determined by the Compensation Committee measured over a three-year performance period. The remaining 75% of such awards will vest annually over a three-year period. 

Qualified Retirement: If Mr. Kuehls employment terminates by reason of a Qualified Retirement, the unvested portion of any time-based long-term incentive awards and the performance-based incentive awards will (i) with respect to the time-based award, vest in full, and (ii) with respect to the performance-based award, vest on the same terms as though Mr. Kuehl had remained employed by AMM for the remainder of the vesting period applicable to such award, provided that he continues to comply with certain covenants contained in the agreement. However, vesting of any long-term incentive awards granted to Mr. Kuehl in the year of such termination will apply only to a pro rata portion of the awards based on the number of full calendar months Mr. Kuehl was employed in such year. In addition, Mr. Kuehl will also receive a pro-rata portion of his annual bonus based on the number of calendar days in which he was employed during the year based on actual Company performance during the year and performance by Mr. Kuehl of any individual subjective measures applicable to him at target. For a Qualified Retirement occurring prior to January 1, 2026, (i) Mr. Kuehl shall forfeit any long-term incentive awards granted in 2025 and (ii) the distribution of time-based long-term incentive awards shall occur on the original vesting schedule to the extent permitted by law. A Qualified Retirement will occur upon Mr. Kuehls voluntary resignation provided that he shall have (i) provided 30 days prior notice of his intention to resign, (ii) continued to perform his duties and complied with all his obligations under the Agreement, including any restrictive covenants, and (iii) provided transition services reasonably requested by AMM to facilitate the orderly transition of his roles and responsibilities to other personnel.

Severance: If Mr. Kuehls employment ends as a result of Termination without Cause or Termination for Good Reason, his severance payment will be reduced from 1.5x to 1.0x of his base salary and target bonus.

The remaining operative terms of Mr. Kuehls employment agreement, including base salary, payments upon a termination or separation of service, and restrictive covenants, are unchanged.

The description above is qualified in its entirety by reference to Mr. Kuehls Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement, dated March 20, 2025, by and between AGNC Mortgage Management, LLC and Christopher J. Kuehl

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

AGNC INVESTMENT CORP.

Dated: March 20, 2025 By: /s/ Kenneth L. Pollack

Kenneth L. Pollack

Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ckemploymentagmt-final.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into on March 20, 2025 (Effective Date) between Christopher J. Kuehl (the Employee) and AGNC Mortgage Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and supersedes and replaces in its entirety that certain Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement entered into between the Company and the Employee, effective as of December 10, 2020 and as amended January 31, 2023 (collectively, the Prior Agreement). 

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company is currently engaged through its affiliates in the business of, among other things, managing mortgage real estate investment trusts, which invest in (a) agency securities for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government-sponsored entities, (b) non-agency securities and/or (c) other mortgage related investments; and

WHEREAS, the Employee has received and will continue to receive specific trade secrets and confidential information, training and the benefit of established customer relationships relating to the businesses of the Company, which trade secrets and confidential information, training and access to established customer relationships are necessary to enable the Employee to perform the Employees duties and to receive future compensation, and the Employee has played and will continue to play a significant role in the development and management of the businesses of the Company; and

WHEREAS, it is in the interests of the Company that the Employees services continue to be available to the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee are parties to the Prior Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend and restate the Prior Agreement in its entirety; and 

WHEREAS, it is a condition to the Employees continued employment by the Company that the Employee execute and deliver this Agreement, and in order to induce the Employee to continue the Employees employment, the Company has agreed to provide the Employee with the rights and benefits described more fully herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree to enter into this Agreement as follows:

1.Definitions; Interpretations. For purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(a) AGNC shall mean AGNC Investment Corp. and its successors and assigns.

(b) Base Salary shall have the meaning specified in subparagraph 4(a).

(c) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of AGNC.

(d) Change of Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan, including the relevant provisions of Section 17 of the Equity Plan, as of the Effective Date.

(e) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(f) Company Managed Fund shall mean (i) AGNC and (ii) any other entity for which the Company or a subsidiary of the Company serves as investment manager or in a substantially similar capacity pursuant to a written agreement. 

(g) Companys Business shall mean:

(i) any business activity that would be the same or competitive with any business activity engaged in by AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries or any Company Managed Fund during the term of the Employees employment; and

(ii) the provision of management, advisory or other investment services to mortgage real estate investment trusts or any other investment vehicles that engage primarily in the acquisition, trading, sales, financing, investment or management of mortgage-backed securities or other real estate assets.

(h) Compensation Committee shall mean the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board.

(i) Compensation Committee Charter shall mean the AGNC Investment Corp. Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, as may be in effect from time to time.

(j) Disability shall mean a physical or mental condition of the Employee that, in the good faith judgment of the Company, prevents the Employee from being able to perform the services required under this Agreement and that results in the Employee becoming eligible for long-term disability benefits (if such benefits are provided by the Company). If any dispute arises as to whether a Disability has occurred, or whether a Disability has ceased and the Employee is able to resume duties, then such dispute shall be referred to a licensed physician, at the request of either the Employee or the Company. The Employee shall submit to such examinations and provide information as such physician may request and the determination of such physician as to the Employees physical or mental condition shall be binding and conclusive on the parties. The Company shall pay the cost of any such physician and examination.

(k) Equity Plan shall mean the AGNC Investment Corp. 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, as approved by the Board on October 18, 2016, as amended from time to time, and any successor plan thereto.

(l) Good Reason shall mean any of the following, which occur without the Employees express written consent: (i) a material diminution of the Employees authority, duties or responsibilities with the Company, (ii) a material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement, or (iii) a relocation of the Employees principal office to a location that is in excess of 50 miles from Bethesda, Maryland. The Employee must provide written notice to the Company within 90 days of the initial existence of a condition that constitutes Good Reason as defined herein and the Company shall have 30 days after receipt of any such notice to remedy the condition. If the Company timely remedies such condition, such 

2

condition shall not constitute Good Reason. The Employee may not terminate the Employees employment hereunder for Good Reason more than six months after the initial existence of one (or more) of the conditions that constitutes Good Reason.

(m) Person shall mean and include an individual, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust and an unincorporated organization.

(n) Qualified Retirement shall mean the Employees Voluntary Termination provided that (i) Employee shall have provided at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer of Employees intention to terminate his employment, (ii) Employee shall have continued to perform his duties to the Company after such notice, (iii) Employee shall have provided such transition services as the Company may reasonably request to facilitate the orderly transition of Employees roles and responsibilities to other Company personnel, and (iv) Employee shall have complied with all of his obligations under this Agreement, including Section 7 hereof.

(o) Restricted Territory shall mean: 

(i) the world; and

(ii) North America; and

(iii) the United States; and

(iv) Maryland.

(p) Section 280G shall mean Section 280G of the Code and the regulations thereunder.

(q) Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder.

(r) Termination For Cause shall be deemed to exist if Employee: (i) commits or engages in an act of fraud, embezzlement, sexual harassment, dishonesty or theft in connection with Employees duties for the Company; (ii) is convicted of, or pleads nolo contendere with respect to, an act of criminal misconduct, involving any financial crime or an act of moral turpitude; (iii) engages in an act of gross negligence or willful failure to perform in any material respect Employees duties or responsibilities to the Company (other than as a result of ill health or disability); and/or (iv) materially breaches or violates the Companys employment policies, including its Code of Ethics; provided, however, that prior to any termination for cause under clauses (iii) or (iv) of this paragraph, Employee will have been given written notice of such matter from the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a 15 day period to correct any such matter. 

(s) Termination For Good Reason shall mean the Employees termination of the Employees employment with the Company as a result of Good Reason.

(t) Termination Without Cause shall mean the termination by the Company of the Employees employment with the Company for any reason other than a termination for Disability or a Termination For Cause and shall not include the Companys giving notice pursuant to subparagraph 5(a) that the Employment Period shall not be extended.

3

(u) Voluntary Termination shall mean the Employees termination of the Employees employment with the Company for any reason, other than a Termination For Good Reason.

In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary intention appears, (a) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular paragraph or subparagraph, (b) reference to any paragraph or subparagraph means such paragraph or subparagraph hereof, (c) the words including (and with correlative meaning include) means including, without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term, and (d) where any provision of this Agreement refers to action to be taken by a specific party, or which such party is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such party. The paragraph and subparagraph headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

2. Employment. The Company agrees to continue to employ the Employee, and the Employee agrees to accept such continued employment with the Company, in each case on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending as provided in paragraph 5 hereof (the Employment Period). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Employee shall be an at-will employee of the Company and the Employee or the Company may terminate the Employees employment with the Company for any reason or no reason at any time, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, including any obligations the Company may have pursuant to paragraph 6 hereof.

3. Positions and Duties.

(a) During the Employment Period, the Employee shall serve as the Senior Vice President, Head of Investment Research and Strategy of the Company. As such, the Employee shall perform and develop investment research, analysis, investment strategies and recommendations for consideration by the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer and/or investment team and shall have such other responsibilities, duties and authorities customary for persons holding such positions or as may reasonably be designated to Employee by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Investment Officer of the Company or an executive of comparable seniority as designated by the Chief Executive Officer.

(b) During the Employment Period, the Employee shall (i) report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and (ii) observe and comply with all lawful policies, directions and instructions of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Board that are consistent with this paragraph 3. At the Companys request and instruction, Employee shall, in lieu of reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, instead report to and receive instruction from an executive of the Company with comparable seniority.

(c) During the Employment Period, the Employee shall (i) devote substantially all of the Employees business time, attention, skill and efforts to the faithful and efficient performance of the Employees duties hereunder (except for permitted vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacity) and (ii) not accept employment with any Person other than with the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee may engage in the following activities so long as they do not interfere in any material respect with the performance of the 

4

Employees duties and responsibilities hereunder: (A) serve on corporate (if approved by the Board, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), civic, religious, educational or charitable boards or committees or (B) manage the Employees personal investments.

4. Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. For services rendered by the Employee under this Agreement during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay to the Employee an annual base salary (Base Salary), evenly paid twice a month or on such other schedule as salaried employees of the Company are generally and regularly compensated. Effective as of the Effective Date, through the term of this Agreement, the Base Salary shall be at the rate of no less than $900,000 per year.

(b) Annual Cash Bonus. With respect to each calendar year during the Employment Period, the Employee shall be eligible to earn an annual cash bonus. The actual annual bonus will be the product of the target value (the Target Annual Bonus Amount) and a factor based on the level of achievement of specified performance measures and goals set by the Compensation Committee (with, subject to the Compensation Committee Charter, input from the Chief Executive Officer) for such calendar year (the Annual Performance Goals). The factor is expected to be above 1.0 for above plan performance and below 1.0 if performance is below expectations or corporate goals are not fully met. Performance below a defined threshold level may result in no bonus payment for such measure. For the calendar year 2025 bonus to be paid in 2026, and for each calendar year thereafter, the Target Annual Bonus Amount shall be no less than $1,350,000. The Compensation Committee (with, subject to the Compensation Committee Charter, input from the Chief Executive Officer), in its reasonable judgment and no later than ninety (90) days after the beginning of each calendar year, shall determine the weightings of each performance measure and the threshold, target and maximum for each performance goal, which in aggregate will comprise the Corporate Scorecard for that calendar year. Employees Annual Performance Goals may be a combination of the corporate scorecard and individual contributions of the Employee, and, the weighting thereof, as well as performance versus this criteria, shall be determined by the Compensation Committee (with, subject to the Compensation Committee Charter, input from the Chief Executive Officer), in its reasonable judgment, for so long as required pursuant to the Compensation Committee Charter or applicable law and thereafter by the Company. To the extent that specified performance measures and goals apply to other employees of the Company of comparable seniority, the threshold, target and maximum levels associated with such specified performance measures and goals will apply to the Employee in the same manner as they apply to such other employees. Subject to the provisions of paragraph 6, the Employee must be employed on the date on which the annual cash bonus is paid in order to receive payment of any such annual cash bonus pursuant to this subparagraph 4(b). Any annual cash bonus earned pursuant to this subparagraph 4(b) shall be paid to the Employee by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such annual cash bonus relates.

(i) In the event of Employees Qualified Retirement, the Employee shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the product of (A) the annual cash bonus the Employee would have been entitled to receive pursuant to this subparagraph 4(b) if Employee had remained employed through December 31 of the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs (as determined by the Compensation Committee but assuming that the Employee achieved all 

5

qualitative and subjective metrics of the Annual Performance Goals at their target level), multiplied by (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days that the Employee remained employed during the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs and (y) the denominator of which is 365 (the Assumed Pro Rata Bonus), which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in a single lump sum by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs.

(c) Long-Term Incentive Awards. 

(i) During the first quarter of each calendar year of the Employment Period, Employee shall be eligible to receive long-term incentive award(s), subject to approval by the Board, as part of the Companys long-term incentive program applicable to other employees (the Target Annual LTIA). Beginning in the calendar year 2026 and in each calendar year thereafter, such grants shall have an aggregate target fair value equal to no less than $675,000. Annual grants will be comprised of a combination of 25% Performance-Based Awards that shall vest based upon the achievement of certain specified performance metrics (as determined by the Compensation Committee in its reasonable judgment) (the Performance-Based Metrics) measured over a multi-year performance period with the amount of shares and the associated performance targets specified at or before the grant date of the award, and 75% time-based awards that shall vest based on continued service over a multi-year period. If the Performance-Based Metrics are exceeded (as determined by the Compensation Committee in its reasonable judgment), the Employee may earn up to 200% of the target number of shares underlying the Performance-Based Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Target Annual LTIA shall be subject to approval by the Board and to the terms and conditions of the Equity Plan and the applicable award agreement(s) to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee, which shall be consistent with the terms hereof. In the event that AGNC cannot grant the Target Annual LTIA to the Employee during any such calendar year, AGNC shall instead provide a cash award to the Employee with an equivalent fair value and under equivalent vesting terms, which shall be subject to the terms and conditions of an applicable award agreement to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee (as approved by the Compensation Committee).

(ii) In the event of Employees Qualified Retirement, the Target Annual LITA will vest in accordance with the Equity Plan and the applicable award agreement(s), except as follows:

(A)The performance-based portion of any long-term incentive awards (including all such awards granted prior to the Employment Period of this Agreement) that are then outstanding, if any, shall become vested on the same terms as though the Employee had remained employed for the remainder of the vesting period applicable to such awards (and subject to actual performance results for the full performance period); provided, however, that such continued vesting shall only apply if the Employee complies with all covenants contained in paragraph 7 of this Agreement for the remainder of the vesting period applicable to such awards notwithstanding any shorter period(s) that may be specified in such paragraph, including, but not limited to, the Non-Competition Period (as 

6

defined therein); providedfurther, that such vesting terms shall not apply to any of the long-term incentive awards granted to the Employee in calendar year 2025 if the Qualified Retirement occurs prior to January 1, 2026; and providedfurther that with respect to any long-term incentive award granted to the Employee in the calendar year from and after January 1, 2026 in which the Employees Qualified Retirement occurs, such vesting terms shall only apply to a pro-rated portion of such award in an amount equal to the total award multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which will equal the number of full calendar months in the year of the Qualified Retirement that the Employee was employed prior to such Qualified Retirement and the denominator of which will equal twelve (12).

(B)The unvested portion of any time-based long-term incentive awards (including all such awards granted prior to the Employment Period of this Agreement) that are then outstanding, if any, shall become vested in full upon such Qualified Retirement, subject to and in accordance with the applicable award agreement(s) to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee; provided, however, that such vesting terms shall not apply to any of the long-term incentive awards granted to the Employee in calendar year 2025 if the Qualified Retirement occurs prior to January 1, 2026; providedfurther, that in the case of a Qualified Retirement occurring after January 1, 2026, payment of the time-based long-term incentive awards shall occur no later than 30 days following such Qualified Retirement; and provided further, that with respect to any long-term incentive award granted to the Employee in the calendar year from and after January 1, 2026 in which Employees Qualified Retirement occurs,, such vesting terms shall only apply to a pro-rated portion of such award in an amount equal to the total award multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which will equal the number of full calendar months in the year of such Qualified Retirement that the Employee was employed prior to such Qualified Retirement and the denominator of which will equal twelve (12).

(iii) The time of payment for the Target Annual LTIA shall be in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement and the Equity Plan. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, the Equity Plan, and/or the applicable award agreement(s) to the contrary, any payment for any vested portion of the Target Annual LTIA and any other long-term incentive awards following the Employees Qualified Retirement shall be payable in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A.

(d) Vacation. During the Employment Period, the Employee shall be entitled to 25 days of paid vacation during each calendar year.

(e) Other Benefits. During the Employment Period, the Employee shall be entitled to receive all employee benefits, fringe benefits and other perquisites that may be offered by the Company to its senior employees as a group, including, without limitation, participation by the Employee and, where applicable, the Employees dependents, in the various employee benefit plans or programs (including, without limitation, retirement plans, stock plans, health plans, life insurance, parking and disability insurance but excluding, except as hereinafter provided in subparagraph 6(b), 6(c) or 6(d), any severance pay program or policy of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries) generally provided to senior employees of the Company, subject to 

7

meeting the eligibility requirements with respect to each of such benefit plans or programs. However, nothing in this subparagraph 4(e) shall be deemed to prohibit the applicable plan sponsor from making any changes in any of the plans, programs or benefits described herein, provided such changes apply to all similarly situated senior employees.

(f) Clawback Policy. The Employee agrees that performance-based incentive compensation awarded or paid by AGNC or the Company to the Employee (whether in cash or equity) shall be subject to the clawback policy of the Company in effect as of the Effective Date, including as it may be amended from time to time in order to comply with the final rules or regulations adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Nasdaq Stock Market that implement the incentive-based compensation recovery requirements set forth in Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and any other applicable legal requirements or listing standards that may be enacted and in effect from time to time (the Clawback Rules) or as otherwise may be amended or adopted in good faith by the Board for the Companys employees. Such clawback policy, as it may be amended or adopted, will trigger the forfeiture or recoupment of the Employees performance-based incentive compensation (and such other compensation covered by the Clawback Rules or determined by the Board in good faith and specified in such policy) if the performance-based incentive compensation (or other compensation) is of the type covered by the Clawback Rules or such clawback policy for employees as adopted by the Board in good faith and (i) in the event that AGNC is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to AGNCs material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under U.S. federal securities laws, provided that such forfeiture or recoupment shall be limited to the portion of applicable compensation that would not have been awarded or paid to the Employee for or in respect of such restated fiscal year had such financial statements been accurate (as reasonably determined by the Board in accordance with the Clawback Rules), (ii) in such other circumstances as may be required to comply with the Clawback Rules, in which case such forfeiture or recoupment shall be limited to the portion of the applicable compensation required to be forfeited/recouped under the Clawback Rules, or (iii) in such other circumstances and in such amount as the Board may determine in good faith as specified in such policy.

5. Employment Period.

(a) Except as hereinafter provided, the Employment Period shall continue until, and shall end on, the second anniversary of the Effective Date (such date, the Expiration Date); provided, however, that on each day following the Effective Date, the Expiration Date shall be extended to the second anniversary of such date. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company or the Employee may terminate the Employment Period at any time by providing prior written notice that such daily extensions of the Expiration Date shall be discontinued, in which case the Expiration Date shall be the second anniversary of the date on which such notice is provided.

(b) Notwithstanding subparagraph 5(a) above, the Employment Period shall end early upon the first to occur of any of the following events:

(i) the Employees death;

8

(ii) the Boards termination of the Employees employment due to Disability;

(i)a Qualified Retirement;

(ii)a Termination For Cause;

(v) a Termination Without Cause; 

(vi) a Termination For Good Reason; or

(vii) a Voluntary Termination.

6. Post-Employment Payments.

(a) At the end of the Employees employment for any reason, the Employee shall cease to have any rights to salary, expense reimbursements or other benefits, except that (to the extent applicable) the Employee shall be entitled to (i) any Base Salary which has been earned but is unpaid as of the end of the Employment Period, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee on the first payroll date following the Employees termination of employment, (ii) any annual cash bonus that has been earned for a prior calendar year pursuant to subparagraph 4(b) but is unpaid, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee by March 15 of the calendar year in which the Employees termination of employment occurs (but only if the termination is not a Termination For Cause or a Voluntary Termination), (iii) any reimbursable expenses which have been incurred but are unpaid as of the end of the Employment Period, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in accordance with the Companys applicable reimbursement policies, (iv) any plan benefits which by their terms extend beyond termination of the Employees employment (but only to the extent provided in any benefit plan in which the Employee has participated as an employee of the Company and excluding, except as hereinafter provided in subparagraph 6(b), 6(c) or 6(d), any severance pay program or policy of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries) and (v) any benefits to which the Employee is entitled under Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (COBRA). In addition, subject to subparagraph 6(f), the Employee shall be entitled to the additional amounts described in subparagraph 6(b), 6(c) or 6(d), in the circumstances described in such subparagraphs. Moreover, subject to subparagraph 6(f), unless otherwise expressly agreed to by the parties, if the Employees employment is terminated by the Company following the end of the Employment Period (for any reason other than a reason that would have constituted a Termination For Cause had such termination of employment occurred during the Employment Period), then the Employee shall be entitled to the severance provided under any severance policy or arrangement of AGNC, the Company or their affiliates that is applicable to the Employee at the time of such termination but shall be no less than six (6) months of targeted cash compensation (salary plus targeted cash bonus). 

(b) If the Employment Period ends early pursuant to subparagraph 5(b) on account of a Termination Without Cause or a Termination For Good Reason (except in circumstances in which subparagraph 6(c) would apply), the Employee shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i) The greater of any amounts under any applicable severance policy or arrangement of AGNC, the Company or their affiliates applicable to the Employee at the time of such termination or an amount equal to the product of (A) 1.0, multiplied by (B) the sum of (x) the Employees Base Salary at the time of such termination of 

9

employment, plus (y) the Target Annual Bonus Amount for the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in equal installments over the 12-month period following such termination of employment in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices; 

(ii) the Assumed Pro Rata Bonus;

(iii) (A) if the Employee (or any of Employees eligible dependents) elects continuation coverage under the Companys medical, dental and/or vision plans pursuant to COBRA, reimbursement for the Employees (and any such eligible dependents) COBRA premium payments (provided such reimbursement does not result in any taxes or penalties for the Company) until the earlier of (x) the Employees eligibility for any such coverage under another employers or any other medical plan or (y) the date that is twelve (12) months following such termination of employment (such period, the COBRA Period), with each such COBRA reimbursement being made by the Company to the Employee within thirty (30) days following the payment of any such COBRA premiums by the Employee (and any such eligible dependent) (the COBRA Reimbursements); or (B) if the Employee (or any of Employees eligible dependents) elects continuation coverage under the Companys medical, dental and/or vision plans pursuant to COBRA but the COBRA Reimbursements would result in taxes or penalties for the Company, monthly cash payments, with each such monthly cash payment being equal to the Employees (and any such eligible dependents) monthly COBRA premium payments during the COBRA Period, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee on the first payroll date of each month following the month with respect to which the Employees (and any such eligible dependents) monthly COBRA premiums were paid during the COBRA Period (the Substitute Payments); and 

(iv) acceleration of any outstanding unvested awards under the Equity Plan, subject to and in accordance with the applicable award agreement(s) to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee.

(c) If the Employment Period ends early pursuant to subparagraph 5(b) on account of a Termination Without Cause or a Termination For Good Reason, and such termination of employment occurs within twenty-four (24) months after a Change of Control, the Employee shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i) the greater of any amounts under any applicable severance policy or arrangement of AGNC, the Company or their affiliates applicable to the Employee at the time of such termination or an amount equal to the product of (A) 1.0, multiplied by (B) the sum of (x) the Employees Base Salary at the time of such termination of employment, plus (y) the Target Annual Bonus Amount for the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the 60th day after such termination of employment;

(ii) an amount equal to the product of (A) the Target Annual Bonus Amount for the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs, multiplied by (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days that the Employee remained 

10

employed during the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs and (y) the denominator of which is 365, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee in a single lump sum by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs;

(iii) the COBRA Reimbursements or the Substitute Payments (each as defined in subparagraph 6(b)(iii)), as applicable; provided, however, that the COBRA Period shall continue until the earlier of (A) the Employees eligibility for any such coverage under another employers or any other medical plan or (B) the date that is twelve (12) months following such termination of employment; and

(iv) acceleration of any outstanding unvested awards under the Equity Plan, subject to and in accordance with the applicable award agreement(s) to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee.

To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, any severance payments or other benefits to which you may become entitled pursuant to Section 6(c) of this Agreement will be paid at the time and in the form provided under Section 6(b) of this Agreement.

(d) If the Employment Period ends early at any time pursuant to subparagraph 5(b) on account of the Employees death or Disability, the Employee (or in the event of the Employees death, Employees estate or eligible dependents, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i) the Assumed Pro Rata Bonus, which shall be paid by the Company to the Employee (or to Employees estate) in a single lump sum by March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination of employment occurs;

(ii) the COBRA Reimbursements or the Substitute Payments (each as defined in subparagraph 6(b)(iii)), as applicable (provided that in the event of the Employees death, the COBRA Reimbursements or the Substitute Payments, as applicable, shall be paid to the Employees eligible dependents); and

(iii) acceleration of any outstanding unvested awards under the Equity Plan, subject to and in accordance with the applicable award agreement(s) to be entered into between AGNC and the Employee.

(e) Any payment, reimbursement or benefit under the last sentence of subparagraph 6(a) or subparagraph 6(b), 6(c) or 6(d) that is not made or provided during the period following the Employees termination of employment because the Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) has not executed the release described in subparagraph 6(f) shall be paid to the Employee in a single lump sum (or shall be provided to the Employee) on the first payroll date following the 60th day after such termination of employment; provided that the Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) executes and does not revoke the release in accordance with the requirements of subparagraph 6(f).

(f) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) shall not be entitled to receive any payment, reimbursement or benefit under the last sentence of subparagraph 6(a) or subparagraph 6(b), 6(c) or 6(d) hereof unless (i) prior to 

11

the 60th day following such termination of employment, the Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) executes a standard release of all claims, known or unknown, arising on or before the date of the release, against AGNC, the Company and their subsidiaries and their directors, managers, officers, employees and affiliates, in a standard form of release provided by the Board and agreed to by the Employee (which release shall not impose any further obligations, covenants or duties on the Employee), and (ii) any applicable revocation period has expired prior to the 60th day following such termination of employment without the Employee (or, if applicable, Employees estate) revoking such release.

7. Confidential Information; Non-Competition; Intellectual Property.

(a) Confidential Information.

(i) The Employee recognizes that the services to be performed by the Employee hereunder are special, unique and extraordinary and that, by reason of such employment with the Company, the Employee has acquired and will continue to acquire Confidential Information (as defined below) concerning the operation of the Company, the use or disclosure of which would cause the Company substantial loss and damages which could not be readily calculated and for which no remedy at law would be adequate. Accordingly, the Employee agrees that the Employee will not (directly or indirectly) at any time, whether during or after the Employees employment hereunder, (A) knowingly use for an improper personal benefit any Confidential Information that the Employee may learn or has learned by reason of the Employees employment with the Company or (B) disclose any such Confidential Information to any Person except (1) in the performance of the Employees obligations to the Company hereunder, (2) as required by applicable law, (3) in connection with the enforcement of the Employees rights under this Agreement, (4) in connection with any disagreement, dispute or litigation (pending or threatened) between the Employee and the Company or (5) with the prior written consent of the Board. As used herein, Confidential Information includes information with respect to the operation and performance of the Company and the Company Managed Funds, their investments, portfolio companies, products, services, facilities, product methods, research and development, trade secrets and other intellectual property, systems, patents and patent applications, procedures, manuals, confidential reports, product price lists, customer lists, financial information, business plans, prospects or opportunities (including, as applicable, all of the foregoing information regarding the Companys and/or the Company Managed Funds past, current and prospective portfolio companies); provided, however, that such term shall not include any information that (x) is or becomes generally known or available other than as a result of a disclosure by the Employee or (y) is or becomes known or available to the Employee on a nonconfidential basis from a source (other than the Company) that, to the Employees knowledge, is not prohibited from disclosing such information to the Employee by a legal, contractual, fiduciary or other obligation to the Company.

(ii) The Employee confirms that all Confidential Information is the exclusive property of the Company. All business records, papers and documents kept or made by the Employee while employed by the Company relating to the business of the Company shall be and remain the property of the Company at all times. Upon the request of the 

12

Company at any time, the Employee shall promptly deliver to the Company, and shall retain no copies of, any written materials, records and documents made by the Employee or coming into the Employees possession while employed by the Company concerning the business or affairs of the Company other than personal materials, records and documents (including notes and correspondence) of the Employee not containing proprietary information relating to such business or affairs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Employee shall be permitted to retain copies of, or have access to, all such materials, records and documents relating to any disagreement, dispute or litigation (pending or threatened) between the Employee and the Company.

(iii) The U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (DTSA) provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, the DTSA provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(b) Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation. 

(i) The Employee agrees that (A) during the term of Employees employment with the Company and, (B) during the 12-month period following the termination of Employees employment with the Company for any reason (the Non-Competition Period) within the Restricted Territory, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, engage or participate in, prepare or set up, assist or have any interest in any person, partnership, corporation, firm, association or other business organization, entity or enterprise, whether as an officer, employee, director, partner, stockholder, consultant or otherwise, that engages in the Companys Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Employee shall not be precluded from purchasing or owning, directly or beneficially, as a passive investment, two percent (2%) or less of any class of publicly traded securities if Employee does not actively participate in or control, directly or indirectly, any investment or other decisions with respect to such entity, and (y) if the Board terminates the Employees employment following the end of the Employment Period (for any reason other than a reason that would have constituted a Termination For Cause had such termination of employment occurred during the Employment Period), then solely for purposes of this subparagraph 7(b)(i), the Non-Competition Period shall be the 3-month period following such termination of the Employees employment.

13

(ii) During the Non-Competition Period, the Employee shall not, directly or indirectly:

(A) offer to hire, divert, entice away, solicit or in any other manner persuade, or attempt to do any of the foregoing (each, a Solicitation), for any person who is an officer, employee, consultant or board member of the Company or any Company Managed Fund to accept employment or an engagement with a third party or engage in a Solicitation with respect to any person or entity who is, or was, at any time within six months prior to the Solicitation, an officer, employee, agent or consultant of the Company or any Company Managed Fund to work for a third party engaged in the Companys Business or to engage in any of the activities hereby prohibited with respect to the Employee under this subparagraph 7(b)(ii);

(B) solicit, divert, entice away or in any other manner persuade, or attempt to do any of the foregoing, on (1) any actual or prospective customer of or investor in the Company or any Company Managed Fund to become a customer of or investor in any third party engaged in the Companys Business or (2) any customer or investor to cease doing business with the Company or any Company Managed Fund; or

(C) make any statements or perform any acts intended to advance the interest of any person engaged in or proposing to engage in the Companys Business in any way that is intended to injure the interests of the Company or any Company Managed Fund.

(c) Intellectual Property. The Employee agrees that during the term of the Employees employment with the Company, and for a period of 12 months following the termination of the Employees employment for any reason, any and all inventions, discoveries, innovations, writings, domain names, improvements, trade secrets, designs, drawings, business processes, secret processes and know-how, whether or not patentable or a copyright or trademark, which the Employee may create, conceive, develop or make, either alone or in conjunction with others and related or in any way connected with the Company, its strategic plans, products, processes, apparatus or business now or hereafter carried on by the Company (collectively, Inventions), shall be fully and promptly disclosed to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company (as the Company shall determine) as against the Employee or any of the Employees assignees. Regardless of the status of the Employees employment by the Company, the Employee and the Employees heirs, assigns and representatives hereby assigns, or shall promptly assign, to the Company any and all right, title and interest in and to such Inventions made during the term of the Employees employment by the Company. There are no Inventions with respect to the Company conceived of, developed or made by the Employee before the Effective Date which have not been disclosed to and assigned to the Company. The Employee further agrees that at the request of and without charge to the 

14

Company, but at the Companys expense, the Employee shall execute a written assignment of any Inventions to the Company and shall assign to the Company any application for letters patent or for trademark registration made thereon, and to any common-law or statutory copyright therein; and the Employee shall do whatever may be necessary or desirable to enable the Company to secure any patent, trademark, copyright, or other property right therein in the United States of America and in any foreign country, and any division, renewal, continuation, or continuation in part thereof, or for any reissue of any patent issues thereon. In the event that the Company is unable, after reasonable effort, and in any event after 10 business days, to secure the Employees signature on a written assignment to the Company of any application for letters patent or to any common-law statutory copyright or other property right therein, whether because of the Employees physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason whatsoever, the Employee irrevocably designates and appoints the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as Employees attorney-in-fact to act on Employees behalf to execute and file any such application and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of such letters patent, copyright or trademark.

(d) Remedies. 

(i) The Employee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this paragraph 7 may result in material irreparable injury to the Company for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach, any payments or benefits remaining under the terms of this Agreement shall cease and the Company shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order or a preliminary or permanent injunction restraining the Employee from engaging in activities prohibited by this paragraph 7 or such other relief as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants contained in this paragraph 7.

(ii) The period of time during which the restrictions set forth in this paragraph 7 will be in effect will be extended by the length of time during which the Employee is in breach of the terms of those provisions as determined by any court of competent jurisdiction on the Companys application for injunctive relief.

(e) Communication of Contents of Agreement. While employed by the Company and for twelve (12) months thereafter, the Employee shall communicate the contents of this paragraph 7 to any Person that the Employee intends to be employed by, associated with or represent.

(f) The Company. For purposes of this paragraph 7, the Company shall include AGNC and any and all direct and indirect subsidiary, parent, affiliated, or related companies of the Company for which the Employee worked or had responsibility at the time of termination of the Employees employment and at any time during the 2-year period prior to such termination. 

15

8. Non-Disparagement. 

(a) The Employee agrees that Employee shall not talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties in a malicious, disparaging or defamatory manner regarding AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries or any aspect of Employees employment with the Company. Further, the Employee shall not make or authorize to be made any written or oral statement that may disparage or damage the reputation of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries. The Company shall instruct its senior executives and members of the Board not to talk about or otherwise communicate to any third parties outside of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries in a malicious, disparaging or defamatory manner regarding the Employee or any aspect of Employees employment with the Company, and the Company shall not make or authorize to be made any written or oral statement to any third parties outside of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries that may disparage or damage the reputation of the Employee. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in the Agreement prohibits or will be interpreted or construed to prohibit Employee from reporting any possible violation of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or providing testimony to or communicating with such agency or entity in the course of its investigation, or from making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law and regulation. Any such reports, testimony or disclosures do not require Employee to provide notice or receive the authorization or consent of the Company or the Board. 

9. Survival. Subject to any limits on applicability contained therein, paragraphs 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 21 and 22 hereof shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding any termination of the Employment Period.

10. Taxes. AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries shall withhold from all payments due to the Employee all applicable taxes (federal, state or other) that it is required to withhold therefrom unless the Employee has otherwise paid (or made other arrangements satisfactory) to AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries, as applicable, the amount of such taxes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, none of AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries shall be obligated to guarantee any particular tax result for the Employee with respect to any payment or benefit provided to the Employee by AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise), and the Employee shall be responsible for any taxes imposed on the Employee with respect to any such payment. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, paragraph 21 or 22) be construed to require AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries to provide any gross-up for the tax consequences of any provision under this Agreement or any payment or benefit provided to the Employee by AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise).

11. No Mitigation or Offset. The provisions of this Agreement are not intended to, nor shall they be construed to, require that the Employee mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking or accepting other employment, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by the 

16

Employee as the result of employment by another employer or otherwise. Without limitation of the foregoing, the Companys obligations to make the payments to the Employee required under this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against the Employee.

12. Assignability. The obligations of the Employee hereunder are personal and may not be assigned or delegated by the Employee or transferred in any manner whatsoever, nor are such obligations subject to involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer. The Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate all rights, duties and obligations hereunder as provided in paragraph 15.

13. Notices. All notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and addressed (a) if to the Company, (i) at its principal office address or such other address as it may have designated by written notice to the Employee for purposes hereof, directed to the attention of the Board with a copy to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or (ii) to the company electronic mail address of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and (b) if to the Employee, (i) at the Employees residence address on the records of the Company or to such other address as the Employee may have designated to the Company in writing for purposes hereof or (ii) to the Employees company electronic mail address. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given when (A) delivered or mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or (B) when electronic evidence of electronic mail transmission is received, except that any notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.

14. Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

15. Successors; Binding Agreement. This Agreement and all rights of the Employee hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Employees personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devisees and legatees. If the Employee should die while any amounts would be payable to the Employee hereunder if the Employee had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Employees devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to the Employees estate.

16. Amendments and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Employee and the Board. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the Employee or the Company of, or in compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the Employee or the Company, as applicable, shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.

17. Complete Agreement. (a) This Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and (b) this Agreement supersedes and preempts any prior understandings, agreements or representations by 

17

or between the Employee and AGNC, the Company and any of their subsidiaries, written or oral (including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement), which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. The parties hereto expressly consent to its terms and acknowledge that nothing in this Agreement shall constitute Good Reason under the terms of the Prior Agreement.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including electronically transmitted counterparts), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

19. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal, substantive laws of the State of Maryland. The Company and the Employee agree that the state and federal courts located in the State of Maryland shall have jurisdiction in any action, suit or proceeding based on or arising out of this Agreement and the Company and the Employee hereby: (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts, (b) consent to service of process in connection with any action, suit or proceeding and (c) waive any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction, venue or service of process.

20. Indemnification and D&O Insurance. The Employee will be provided indemnification and mandatory advancement of expenses to the maximum extent permitted by AGNCs, the Companys and their subsidiaries and affiliates Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, with such indemnification to be on terms determined by the Board or the applicable board of directors or managers, or any of their committees, but on terms no less favorable than provided to any other corporate officers of such entities. AGNC and the Company shall maintain customary directors and officers insurance coverage for the Employees benefit on the same basis as such coverage is maintained for the benefit of AGNCs and the Companys other corporate officers (including former corporate officers and directors).

21. Section 409A.

(a) The parties intend for this Agreement to either comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and applied accordingly. If any compensation or benefits provided by this Agreement may result in the application of Section 409A, the Company shall, subject to the Employees prior written approval, modify the Agreement in the least restrictive manner necessary in order to exclude such compensation from the definition of deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A or in order to comply with the provisions of Section 409A and without any diminution in the value of the payments or benefits to the Employee. Each payment or reimbursement under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Section 409A. Any payments or reimbursements of any expenses provided for under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv).

(b) To the extent that any payment or benefit pursuant to this Agreement constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A (after taking into account to the maximum extent possible any applicable exemptions) (a 409A Payment) and is treated as payable upon Separation from Service, then, if on the date of the 

18

Employees Separation from Service, the Employee is a Specified Employee, to the extent required for the Employee not to incur additional taxes pursuant to Section 409A, no such 409A Payment shall be made to the Employee prior to the earlier of (i) six (6) months after the Employees Separation from Service or (ii) the date of the Employees death. Should this paragraph 21 result in payments or benefits to the Employee at a later time than otherwise would have been made under this Agreement, on the first day any such payments or benefits may be made without incurring additional tax pursuant to Section 409A, the Company shall make such payments and provide such benefits as provided for in this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph 21, the terms Specified Employee and Separation from Service shall have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 409A. The parties intend that the phrase termination of employment and words and phrases of similar import used in this Agreement means a Separation From Service with the Company and its subsidiaries.

22. Section 280G. In the event that any payments, distributions, benefits or entitlements of any type payable or provided by AGNC, the Company or any of their subsidiaries to the Employee, whether or not payable in connection with this Agreement or upon a termination of employment (Payments), (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G, and (ii) but for this paragraph 22 would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the Payments shall be reduced to such lesser amount (the Reduced Amount) that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax; provided, however, that such Payments shall not be so reduced if a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Board in good faith (the Accountants) determines that without such reduction, the Employee would be entitled to receive and retain, on a net after-tax basis (including, without limitation, any excise taxes payable under Section 4999 of the Code, federal, state and local income taxes, social security and Medicare taxes and all other applicable taxes, determined by applying the highest marginal rate under Section 1 of the Code and under state and local tax laws which applied (or is likely to apply) to the Employees taxable income for the tax year in which the transaction which causes the application of Section 280G occurs, or such other rate(s) as the Accountants determine to be likely to apply to the Employee in the relevant tax year(s) in which any of the Payments are expected to be made), an amount that is greater than the amount, on a net after-tax basis, that the Employee would be entitled to retain upon receipt of the Reduced Amount. Unless the Board and the Employee otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this paragraph 22 shall be made in good faith by the Accountants in a timely manner and shall be binding on the parties absent manifest error. In the event of a reduction of Payments hereunder, the Payments shall be reduced in the order determined by the Accountants that results in the greatest economic benefit to the Employee in a manner that would not result in subjecting the Employee to additional taxation under Section 409A. For purposes of making the calculations required by this paragraph 22, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of the Code and other applicable legal authority. The Board and the Employee shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably require in order to make a determination under this paragraph 22, and the Company shall bear the cost of all fees charged by the Accountants in connection with any calculations 

19

contemplated by this paragraph 22. To the extent requested by the Employee, the Company shall cooperate with the Employee in good faith in valuing, and the Accountants shall value, services to be provided by the Employee (including the Employee refraining from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete) before, on or after the date of the transaction which causes the application of Section 280G such that Payments in respect of such services may be considered to be reasonable compensation within the meaning of Section 280G. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the transaction which causes the application of Section 280G occurs at a time during which Section 2(a)(i) of Q&A-6 of Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G would apply to the Employee, upon the request of the Employee, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to obtain the vote of equity holders described in Q&A-7 of Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G.

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.

AGNC MORTGAGE MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/ Peter Federico

Name: Peter Federico

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EMPLOYEE 

/s/ Christopher Kuehl

Christoper Kuehl

21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

DEI [Abstract] 
DEI [Abstract] 
DEI [Abstract] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 7.75% Series G Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 7.75% Series G Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 7.75% Series G Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Depository shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.500% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.500% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.500% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity [Domain] 
Entity [Domain] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Legal Entity [Axis] 
Legal Entity [Axis] 

Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 
Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320_g1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information Document

Mar. 20, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Central Index Key 0001423689

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Soliciting Material false

Written Communications false

City Area Code 301

Local Phone Number 968-9300

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34057

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 20, 2025

Entity Registrant Name AGNC INVESTMENT CORP.

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1701984

Entity Address, Address Line One 7373 Wisconsin Avenue, 22nd Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Bethesda

Entity Address, State or Province MD

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20814

Amendment Flag false

Common Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol AGNC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol AGNCN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depository shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol AGNCM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depository shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.500% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares of 6.50% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol AGNCO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol AGNCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Depositary shares each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of 7.75% Series G Fixed Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Depositary shares of 7.75% Series G Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol AGNCL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=agnc_Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof7.000SeriesCFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=agnc_Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.875SeriesDFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=agnc_Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.500SeriesEFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=agnc_Depositaryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.125SeriesFFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=agnc_DepositarySharesEachRepresentingA11000thInterestInAShareOf775SeriesGFixedRateResetCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
7 
22 
1 
false 
6 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.agnc.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

agnc-20250320.htm 
agnc-20250320.xsd 
agnc-20250320_def.xml 
agnc-20250320_lab.xml 
agnc-20250320_pre.xml 

agnc-20250320_g1.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001423689-25-000035-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>agnc-20250320_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001423689 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof7.000SeriesCFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.875SeriesDFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

agnc:Depositoryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.500SeriesEFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

agnc:Depositaryshareseachrepresentinga11000thinterestinashareof6.125SeriesFFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 

agnc:DepositarySharesEachRepresentingA11000thInterestInAShareOf775SeriesGFixedRateResetCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockMember 

2025-03-20 
2025-03-20 

0001423689 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-20 
AGNC INVESTMENT CORP. 
DE 
001-34057 
26-1701984 
7373 Wisconsin Avenue, 22nd Floor 
Bethesda 
MD 
20814 
301 
968-9300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
AGNC 
NASDAQ 
Depositary shares of 7.000% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
AGNCN 
NASDAQ 
Depositary shares of 6.875% Series D Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
AGNCM 
NASDAQ 
Depositary shares of 6.50% Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
AGNCO 
NASDAQ 
Depositary shares of 6.125% Series F Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
AGNCP 
NASDAQ 
Depositary shares of 7.75% Series G Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
AGNCL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>