<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-004925.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-004925.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204215307
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-004925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250131
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIH HOLDING US, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001883788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41250
		FILM NUMBER:		25590603

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 ACCORD PARK DRIVE, SUITE D-1
		CITY:			NORWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-944-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		77 ACCORD PARK DRIVE, SUITE D-1
		CITY:			NORWELL
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02061

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aurora Technology Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210917
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000188378800018837882025-01-312025-01-310001883788DHAI:ClassCommonStockMember2025-01-312025-01-310001883788DHAI:WarrantsMember2025-01-312025-01-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2025

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

(Exact
name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-41250 98-1624542

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission
File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

77
Accord Park Drive;

Suite
D-1

Norwell,
Massachusetts 02061

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 877944-2200

Not
Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading
Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock DHAI The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants DHAIW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Public
Offering

On January 31, 2025, DIH
Holding US, Inc. (the Company) priced a best-efforts public offering (the Offering) of 5,937,100 common units,
each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (Common Stock) and one Class A warrant
(Class A Warrant) to purchase one share of Common Stock at a purchase price of $0.7832 per unit.

The Class A Warrants have
an exercise price of $0.7832 per share, will be immediately exercisable upon closing and will expire on February 3, 2030. The exercise
price of the Class A Warrants is subject to adjustment for stock splits, reverse splits, and similar capital transactions as described
in such Warrants.

In connection with the Offering,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with certain institutional investors
on January 31, 2025.

In connection with the Offering, on January 31,
2025, the Company also entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agreement) pursuant to which Maxim Group
LLC (the Placement Agent) is serving as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering. Upon closing, the
Company will pay the Placement Agent a cash fee of 7.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised at the closing of the Offering, or 3.5%
for any investors the Company introduced to the Placement Agent, and reimbursement of certain expenses and legal fees in the amount of
$125,000.

Pursuant to the Placement
Agreement, for a period of 12 months after the closing of the Offering, if the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked,
convertible or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of the investors contacted or introduced
by the Placement Agent during the term of the engagement agreement, then the Company will pay the Placement Agent upon the closing of
such financing or receipt of such proceeds a commission as described herein, in each case only with respect to the portion of such financing
received from such investors.

The Company has agreed for
a period of 90 days after the closing of the Offering (the Company Lock-Up) and each of its directors, executive officers
and holders of 5% or more of the Companys outstanding shares of common stock have agreed for a period of six (6) months after
the Offering is complete (the D&O Lock-Ups), subject to certain exceptions, not to offer, issue, sell, contract to
sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of any shares of common stock or other securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent in the case of the D&O Lock-Ups
or the written consent of the Placement Agent and requisite number of investors in the Offering in the case of the Company Lock-Up, subject
to certain exceptions. The Company has also agreed not to effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance of common stock or
common stock equivalents involving a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Purchase Agreement, for a period of up to six (6) months
following the closing of the Offering.

On
February 3, 2025, the Offering was closed. The net proceeds from the Offering after payment of placement agent fees and other expenses
of the Offering were approximately $3.9 million. The Company currently intends on using the net proceeds for capital expenditures related
to its business and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

In
connection with the Offering, the Company entered into a warrant agency agreement (the Warrant Agency Agreement) with Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental) as of February 3, 2025 pursuant to which Continental agreed to act as
warrant agent with respect to the Class A Warrants.

The
shares of Common Stock, the Class A Warrants described above and the underlying shares of Common Stock were offered pursuant to a Registration
Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-283853), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
SEC) on January 31, 2025.

The
foregoing summaries of the Purchase Agreement, the Placement Agreement, the Class A Warrants and the Warrant Agency Agreement do not
purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the forms of such documents, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 1.1, 4.1
and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the Report).

Forward-Looking
Statements and Disclaimer

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Words like believe, may, and will,
or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, are used to identify forward-looking statements, although
not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Although the Company believes that it is basing its expectations and beliefs
on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of what is currently known about its business and operations, there can be no assurance that
actual results will not differ materially from what the Company expects or believes. Some of the factors that could cause the Companys
actual results to differ materially from its expectations or beliefs are disclosed in the Risk Factors section, as well
as other sections, of its reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date on which they are made and the Company undertakes no duty to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

1.1 Placement Agency Agreement dated January 31, 2025

4.1 Form of Class A Warrant dated February 3, 2025

4.2 Warrant Agency Agreement dated as of February 3, 2025 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 31, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (Formatted in Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

Date: February
4, 2025 By: /s/
Jason Chen

Jason
Chen

Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

PLACEMENT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

January
31, 2025

Maxim
Group LLC

300
Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New
York, NY 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter (the Agreement) constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group LLC (Maxim or the Placement
Agent) and DIH Holding US, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to which the Placement
Agent shall serve as the placement agent for the Company, on a reasonable best efforts basis, in connection with the proposed
placement (the Placement) of up to $4,649,936.72 of registered units (the Units) of
the Company, each Unit consisting of either (a) (i) one share (the Shares) of the Companys common stock $0.0001
par value per share (the Common Stock) and (ii) one Class A Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (the Warrants
and such Units, the Common Units) or (b) (i) one pre-funded common stock purchase warrant to purchase one share
of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants) and (iii) one Warrant (the Pre-Funded Unit) (the
shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants and the Warrants, the Warrant Shares, and the Shares,
the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares, the Securities), to be sold by the Company directly
to various investors (each, an Investor and, collectively, the Investors). The documents executed
and delivered by the Company and the Investors in connection with the Offering (as defined below), including, without limitation, a securities
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement), shall be collectively referred to herein as the Transaction
Documents. The purchase price to the Investors for each Common Unit is $0.7832, the purchase price to the Investors
for each Pre-Funded Unit is $0.7831, the exercise price to the Investor for each share of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants is $0.0001, and the exercise price to the Investors for each share of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants is $0.7832. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on
its behalf in connection with the Offering.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with the Placement Agent as follows:

Section
1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent.

(a)
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Placement Agent shall be the exclusive placement agent in connection with the offering and sale by the Company
of the Securities pursuant to the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283853) (and including any registration
statement prepared and filed by the Company in accordance with Rule 462(b) pursuant to the Securities Act) (the Registration
Statement), with the terms of such offering (the Offering) to be subject to market conditions and negotiations
between the Company, the Placement Agent and the prospective Investors. The Placement Agent will act on a reasonable best efforts basis
and the Company agrees and acknowledges that there is no guarantee of the successful placement of the Securities, or any portion thereof,
in the prospective Offering. Under no circumstances will the Placement Agent or any of its Affiliates (as defined below)
be obligated to underwrite or purchase any of the Securities for its own account or otherwise provide any financing. The Placement Agent
shall act solely as the Companys agent and not as principal. The Placement Agent shall have no authority to bind the Company or
any Investor or impose any obligation on the Company with respect to any prospective offer to purchase Securities, issuance of Securities
or completion of the Placement, and the Company shall have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any
such offer, in whole or in part. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, payment of the purchase price for, and delivery of, the
Securities shall be made at one or more closings (each a Closing and the date on which each Closing occurs, a Closing
Date). The Closing of the issuance of the Securities shall occur via Delivery Versus Payment, i.e., on the Closing
Date, the Company shall issue the Securities directly to the account designated by the Placement Agent and, upon receipt of such Securities,
the Placement Agent shall electronically deliver such Securities to the applicable Investor and payment shall be made by the Placement
Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company. As compensation for services rendered, on each Closing Date, the Company
shall pay to the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the Securities
at the Closing, provided, however, that with respect to gross proceeds from the Offering provided by OrbiMed Asia GP II, L.P.,
or its affiliates, LH Financial (Five Narrow Lane) or its affiliates, any other investor introduced to the Placement Agent by the Company
or the Companys other existing investors as of the date of the Engagement Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the cash fee shall
be equal to 3.5%.

(b) The
term of the Placement Agents exclusive engagement will be as set forth in the Engagement Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, the provisions concerning confidentiality, indemnification and contribution contained herein and the Companys
obligations contained in the indemnification provisions will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement, and the Companys
obligation to pay fees actually earned and payable and to reimburse expenses actually incurred and reimbursable pursuant to Section 1
hereof and which are permitted to be reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A), will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit the ability of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates to pursue, investigate, analyze,
invest in, or engage in investment banking, financial advisory or any other business relationship with Persons (as defined below) other
than the Company. As used herein (i) Persons means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated
association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other
entity of any kind and (ii) Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

(c) Upon
a Closing of the Offering, if within twelve (12) months following such time, the Company completes any financing of equity, equity-linked
or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of the investors contacted or introduced by the Placement
Agent during the period beginning on the date of the Engagement Agreement and through the Closing Date, then the Company will pay the
Placement Agent upon the closing of such financing or receipt of such proceeds the compensation equivalent to that set forth herein.

Section
2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Placement
Agent as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Securities Law Filings. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
the Registration Statement under the Securities Act, which was initially filed on December 17, 2024, as amended, and declared effective
on January 31, 2025 for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act. Following the determination of pricing among
the Company and the prospective Investors introduced to the Company by the Placement Agent, the Company will file with the Commission
pursuant to Rules 430A and 424(b) under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations (the Rules and Regulations)
of the Commission promulgated thereunder, a final prospectus relating to the placement of the Securities, their respective pricings and
the plan of distribution thereof and will advise the Placement Agent of all further information (financial and other) with respect to
the Company required to be set forth therein. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the exhibits thereto filed at
such time, as amended at such time, is hereinafter called the Registration Statement; such prospectus in the form
in which it appears in the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness is hereinafter called the Preliminary Prospectus;
and the final prospectus, in the form in which it will be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rules 430A and/or 424(b) (including the
Preliminary Prospectus as it may be amended or supplemented) is hereinafter called the Final Prospectus. The Registration
Statement at the time it originally became effective is hereinafter called the Original Registration Statement.
Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein (the Incorporated
Documents), if any, which were or are filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), at any given time, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Original Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus
or the Final Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the date of this
Agreement, or the issue date of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained,
included, described, referenced, set forth or stated in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include
all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Final Prospectus, as the case may be. As used in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement,
Time of Sale Disclosure Package means the Preliminary Prospectus, any securities purchase agreement between the
Company and the Investors, the final terms of the Offering provided to the Investors (orally or in writing) and any issuer free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Act (each, an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, that the parties
hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package. The term any Prospectus
shall mean, as the context requires, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Final Prospectus, and any supplement to either thereof. The Company
has not received any notice that the Commission has issued or intends to issue a stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or intends to commence a proceeding for any such purpose.

(b) Assurances.
The Original Registration Statement, as amended (and any further documents to be filed with the Commission) contains all exhibits and
schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time
it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Final Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply or will comply in
all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations. Each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Final
Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Incorporated Documents, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable Rules and Regulations promulgated thereunder, and none of such documents, when they
were filed with the Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements therein (with respect to Incorporated Documents incorporated by reference in the Preliminary Prospectus or Final Prospectus),
in light of the circumstances under which they were made not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting
any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental change in the information
set forth therein is required to be filed with the Commission. Except for this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, there are no
documents required to be filed with the Commission in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed
as required pursuant to the Securities Act or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period. Except for this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents, there are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or Final Prospectus,
or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required.

(c) Offering
Materials. Neither the Company nor any of its directors and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to each
Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package.

(d) Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
and delivery of each of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors) or the Companys shareholders in connection therewith other than
in connection with the Required Approvals (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company
and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar
as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(e) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby to which it is a party do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any
Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with,
or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

(f) Certificates.
Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Placement Agent or to counsel for the Placement Agent shall
be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

(g) Reliance.
The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and warranties
and hereby consents to such reliance.

(h) Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statements (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other
than in good faith.

(i) Statistical
or Market-Related Data. Any statistical, industry-related and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package, are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes to be reliable
and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

(j) Certain
Fees; FINRA Affiliations. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or
commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
There are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders
that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA. Other than payments to the Placement Agent for this
Offering or as set forth in the Registration Statement and Prospectus, the Company has not made and has no agreements, arrangements or
understanding to make any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee,
consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who
raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110 (a Participating
Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member,
within the 180-day period preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement through the 60-day period after the Effective Date.
None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any Participating Member or its affiliates, except as specifically
authorized herein. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the Companys
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) has any direct or indirect affiliation or
association with any Participating Member in the Offering. Except for securities purchased on the open market, no Company Affiliate is
an owner of stock or other securities of any Participating Member. No Company Affiliate has made a subordinated loan to any Participating
Member. No proceeds from the sale of the Securities (excluding Placement Agent compensation as disclosed in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus) will be paid to any Participating Member, any persons associated with a Participating Member or an affiliate of a
Participating Member. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company has not issued any warrants or other securities or granted any
options, directly or indirectly, to the Placement Agent within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus.
Except for securities issued to the Placement Agent as disclosed in the Prospectus, no person to whom securities of the Company have
been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Prospectus is a Participating Member, is a person
associated with a Participating Member or is an affiliate of a Participating Member. To the Companys knowledge, no Participating
Member in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when
a Participating Member, the parent or affiliate of a Participating Member or any person associated with a Participating Member in the
aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys
preferred equity. FINRA member participating in the Offering includes any associated person of a Participating Member in
the Offering, any member of such associated persons immediate family and any affiliate of a Participating Member in the Offering.
When used in this Section 3.1(j) the term affiliate of a FINRA member or affiliated with a FINRA member means
an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a FINRA member. The Company will advise the Placement Agent
and its legal counsel, Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (the Placement Agent Counsel) if it learns that any officer,
director or owner of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a Participating Member.

(k) Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Companys Annual Report
on Form 10-K captioned Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The qualifications of the persons serving
as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated
thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Nasdaq Global Market (the Trading Market). In addition,
at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules
of the Trading Market.

(l) D&O
Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires most recently completed by each
of the Companys directors and officers is true and correct in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information
which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires to become inaccurate and incorrect.

(m) Representations,
Warranties and Covenants Incorporated by Reference. Each of the representations, warranties and covenants (together with any related
disclosure schedules thereto) made to the Investors in the Purchase Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully
restated herein) and is hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.

Section
3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Placement Agent. The Placement Agent hereby represents, warrants and covenants
to the Company as of the date hereof, and as of each Closing Date, that it (i) is a member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered
as a broker/dealer under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws of the States applicable to the offers
and sales of the Securities by such Placement Agent, (iv) is and will be a body corporate validly existing under the laws of its place
of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Placement
Agent will immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as such. The Placement Agent covenants that it will
use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the Placement hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this Agreement and the requirements
of applicable law.

Section
4. Delivery and Payment. Each Closing shall occur at the offices of the Placement Agent Counsel at 1345 Avenue of the Americas,
New York, New York 10105 (or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company). Subject to the terms
and conditions hereof, at each Closing payment of the purchase price for the Securities sold on such Closing Date shall be made by Federal
Funds wire transfer, against delivery of such Securities, and such Securities shall be registered in such name or names and shall be
in such denominations, as the Placement Agent may request at least one business day before the time of purchase (as defined below).

Deliveries
of the documents with respect to the purchase of the Securities, if any, shall be made at the offices of Placement Agent Counsel. All
actions taken at a Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously.

Section
5. Covenants and Agreements of the Company. The Company further covenants and agrees with the Placement Agent as follows:

(a) Registration
Statement Matters. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly after it receives notice thereof of the time when any amendment
to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective or any supplement to the Final Prospectus has been filed and will furnish
the Placement Agent with copies thereof. The Company will file promptly all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements
required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the
date of any Prospectus and for so long as the delivery of a prospectus is required in connection with the Offering. The Company will
advise the Placement Agent, promptly after it receives notice thereof (i) of any request by the Commission to amend the Registration
Statement or to amend or supplement any Prospectus or for additional information, (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop
order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any order directed at any
Incorporated Document, if any, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Final Prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement, of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of
the institution or threatened institution of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending
or supplementing of the Registration Statement or a Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by any state securities
commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of
the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing
of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional
information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4(a) that, in the
judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires
the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any such stop order or
prevention or suspension of such use. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order or order or notice of prevention or suspension
at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order at the earliest possible moment, or will file
a new registration statement and use its best efforts to have such new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable.
Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A, 430B and 430C, as applicable, under
the Securities Act, including with respect to the timely filing of documents thereunder, and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm
that any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) are received in a timely manner by the Commission.

(b) Blue
Sky Compliance. The Company will cooperate with the Placement Agent and the Investors in endeavoring to qualify the Securities for
sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions (United States and foreign) as the Placement Agent and the Investors may reasonably
request and will make such applications, file such documents, and furnish such information as may be reasonably required for that purpose,
provided the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction where it is not now so qualified or required to file such a consent, and provided further that the Company shall not
be required to produce any new disclosure document. The Company will, from time to time, prepare and file such statements, reports and
other documents as are or may be required to continue such qualifications in effect for so long a period as the Placement Agent may reasonably
request for distribution of the Securities. The Company will advise the Placement Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification
or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation
or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration
or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(c) Amendments
and Supplements to a Prospectus and Other Matters. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the
rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated
in this Agreement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus. If during the period in which a prospectus is required by law to be
delivered in connection with the distribution of Securities contemplated by the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus (the Prospectus
Delivery Period), any event shall occur as a result of which, in the judgment of the Company or in the opinion of the Placement
Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent, it becomes necessary to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not misleading,
or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus or to file under the Exchange Act
any Incorporated Document to comply with any law, the Company will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, and furnish at its
own expense to the Placement Agent and to dealers, an appropriate amendment to the Registration Statement or supplement to the Registration
Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus that is necessary in order to make the statements in the Incorporated Documents
and any Prospectus as so amended or supplemented, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, as the case may be, not
misleading, or so that the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented, will
comply with law. Before amending the Registration Statement or supplementing the Incorporated Documents or any Prospectus in connection
with the Offering, the Company will furnish the Placement Agent with a copy of such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file
any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent reasonably objects.

(d) Copies
of any Amendments and Supplements to a Prospectus. The Company will furnish the Placement Agent, without charge, during the period
beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the last Closing Date of the Offering, as many copies of any Prospectus or prospectus
supplement and any amendments and supplements thereto, as the Placement Agent may reasonably request.

(e) Free
Writing Prospectus. The Company covenants that it will not, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, make
any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a Company Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission
or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act. In the event that the Placement Agent expressly consents in writing
to any such free writing prospectus (a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus), the Company covenants that it shall (i)
treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Company Free Writing Prospectus, and (ii) comply with the requirements of Rule 164
and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission,
legending and record keeping.

(f) Transfer
Agent. The Company will maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares.

(g) Earnings
Statement. As soon as practicable and in accordance with applicable requirements under the Securities Act, but in any event not later
than 18 months after the last Closing Date, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Placement Agent
an earnings statement, covering a period of at least 12 consecutive months beginning after the last Closing Date, that satisfies the
provisions of Section 11(a) and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(h) Periodic
Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will duly file, on a timely basis, with the Commission
and the Trading Market all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act within the time periods and in the manner
required by the Exchange Act.

(i) Additional
Documents. The Company will enter into any subscription, purchase or other customary agreements as the Placement Agent or the Investors
shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to consummate the Offering, all of which will be in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Placement Agent and the Investors. The Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and each is a third party beneficiary
of, the representations and warranties, and applicable covenants, set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement with
Investors in the Offering.

(j) No
Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders, has taken
or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or
result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of the Securities.

(k) Acknowledgment.
The Company acknowledges that any advice given by the Placement Agent to the Company is solely for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company and may not be used, reproduced, disseminated, quoted or referred to, without the Placement Agents prior
written consent.

(l) Announcement
of Offering. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agent may, subsequent to the Closing, make public its involvement
with the Offering.

(m) Reliance
on Others. The Company confirms that it will rely on its own counsel and accountants for legal and accounting advice.

(n) Research
Matters. By entering into this Agreement, the Placement Agent does not provide any promise, either explicitly or implicitly, of favorable
or continued research coverage of the Company and the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents selection
as a placement agent for the Offering was in no way conditioned, explicitly or implicitly, on the Placement Agent providing favorable
or any research coverage of the Company. In accordance with FINRA Rule 2241(b)(2), the parties acknowledge and agree that the Placement
Agent has not directly or indirectly offered favorable research, a specific rating or a specific price target, or threatened to change
research, a rating or a price target, to the Company or inducement for the receipt of business or compensation. The Company hereby waives
and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Placement Agent with respect to
any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments
may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by the Placement Agents investment
banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time,
subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short
position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

(o) Subsequent
Equity Sales.

(i)
From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any
registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than the (x) Prospectus, (y) filing a registration statement
on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan, or (z) after thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, filing a universal shelf registration statement
on Form S-3, in each case without prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

(ii) From
the date hereof until six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units
thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i)
issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive
additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon
and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such
debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly
related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement,
including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities
at a future determined price; provided, however, that 90 days after the Closing Date, the issuance of shares of Common
Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction.
Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages.

(iii)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4(o) shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance. An Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Stock or equity awards to employees,
officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee
members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose
for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder
and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to
decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with automatic price resets,
stock splits, adjustments or combinations as set forth in such securities or as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in
any such Securities) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) shares of Common Stock in lieu of cash redemption payments pursuant
to the terms of the 8% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (d) agreements and securities issued pursuant thereto in connection with acquisitions
or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities, if
issued prior to the expiration of the prohibition period, are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144)
and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the six
month period following the Closing Date (it being understood that nothing shall prohibit the filing of any registration statement
after the expiration of the prohibition period), and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities.

(p) Lock-Up
Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except to extend
the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If any party
to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek specific
performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

(q) FINRA.
The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any officer, director,
10% or greater shareholder of the Company or Person that received the Companys unregistered equity securities in the past 180
days is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member firm prior to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement
or the 60-day period after the Effective Date

Section
6. Conditions of the Obligations of the Placement Agent. The obligations of the Placement Agent hereunder shall be subject to the
accuracy of the representations and warranties in all material respects (except for representations and warranties qualified by materiality,
in which case, in all respects) on the part of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof, in each case as of the date hereof and
as of each Closing Date as though then made, to the timely performance by each of the Company of its covenants and other obligations
hereunder on and as of such dates, and to each of the following additional conditions:

(a)
Accountants Comfort Letters. On the date hereof, the Placement Agent shall have received, and the Company shall have caused
to be delivered to the Placement Agent, letters from BDO AG and BDO USA addressed to the Placement Agent, dated as of the
date hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent. The letters shall not disclose any change in the condition
(financial or other), earnings, operations, business or prospects of the Company from that set forth in the Incorporated Documents or
the applicable Prospectus or prospectus supplement, which, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, is material and adverse and
that makes it, in the Placement Agents sole judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the Offering of the Securities
as contemplated by such Prospectus.

(b) Compliance
with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from the FINRA. Each Prospectus (in accordance with Rule 424(b)) and
free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), if any, shall have been duly filed with
the Commission, as appropriate; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof shall have
been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; no order preventing or suspending
the use of any Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission;
no order having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company shall have
been issued by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange; all requests for additional information on the part of the Commission shall have been complied with; and
FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the placement terms and arrangements.

(c) Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters in connection with this Agreement, the Registration Statement and
each Prospectus, and the registration, sale and delivery of the Securities, shall have been completed or resolved in a manner reasonably
satisfactory to the Placement Agents counsel, and such counsel shall have been furnished with such papers and information as it
may reasonably have requested to enable such counsel to pass upon the matters referred to in this Section 5.

(d) No
Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to each Closing Date, in the Placement
Agents sole reasonable judgment after consultation with the Company, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect
or any material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or the business activities,
financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and
Prospectus (Material Adverse Change).

(e)
Opinion of Counsel for the Company. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date the favorable opinion of Loeb
& Loeb LLP, counsel to the Company, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter addressed
to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(f) Officers
Certificate. The Placement Agent shall have received on each Closing Date a certificate of the Company, dated as of such Closing
Date, signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the effect that, and the Placement Agent shall
be satisfied that, the signers of such certificate have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents, the Prospectus,
and this Agreement and to the further effect that:

(i)
The representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except for representations
and warranties qualified by materiality, in which case, in all respects), as if made on and as of such Closing Date, and the Company
has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing
Date, except for such changes as are contemplated by this Agreement and except as to representations and warranties that were expressly
limited to a state of facts existing at a time prior to the applicable Closing Date;

(ii) No
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Prospectus has been issued and no proceedings
for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened under the Securities Act; no order
having the effect of ceasing or suspending the distribution of the Securities or any other securities of the Company has been issued
by any securities commission, securities regulatory authority or stock exchange in the United States and no proceedings for that purpose
have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by any securities commission, securities regulatory
authority or stock exchange in the United States;

(iii) When
the Registration Statement became effective, at the time of sale, and at all times subsequent thereto up to the delivery of such certificate,
the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, when such documents became effective or were filed with the Commission,
and any Prospectus, contained all material information required to be included therein by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the case may be, and in all material respects conformed to the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, as the
case may be, and the Registration Statement and the Incorporated Documents, if any, and any Prospectus, did not and do not include any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided, however, that the preceding representations
and warranties contained in this paragraph (iii) shall not apply to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by the Placement Agent expressly for use therein) and, since the effective date
of the Registration Statement, there has occurred no event required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder to be set forth in the Incorporated Documents which has not been so set forth; and

(iv) Subsequent
to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Incorporated Documents and any Prospectus,
there has not been: (a) any Material Adverse Change; (b) any transaction that is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as
a whole, except transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business; (c) any obligation, direct or contingent, that is material
to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, except obligations incurred in the ordinary
course of business; (d) any material change in the capital stock (except changes thereto resulting from the exercise of outstanding stock
options or warrants or conversion of outstanding preferred stock) or outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (e) any
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company; or (f) any loss or damage (whether or
not insured) to the property of the Company or any Subsidiary which has been sustained or will have been sustained which has a Material
Adverse Effect.

(g)
Regulatory Certificate and Intellectual Property Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate
from the Companys Chief Executive Officer with respect to certain regulatory matters, dated as of the Closing Date, addressed
to the Placement Agent in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have
received a certificate from the Companys Chief Executive Officer with respect to certain intellectual property matters, dated
as of the Closing Date, addressed to the Placement Agent in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent.

(h) Bring-down
Comfort Letters. On each Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received from BDO AG, or such other independent registered
public accounting firm of the Company, a letter dated as of such Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Placement Agent,
to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 5, except that
the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than two business days prior to such Closing
Date.

(i) Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Stock shall be registered under the Exchange Act and shall be listed on the Trading Market, and the
Company shall not have taken any action designed to terminate, or likely to have the effect of terminating, the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or suspending from trading the Common Stock from the Trading Market, nor shall the Company
have received any information suggesting that the Commission or the Trading Market is contemplating terminating such registration or
listing.

(j) Lock-Up
Agreements. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the executed lock-up agreement from each of the Companys
directors and executive officers and any stockholders holding 5% or more of the Companys voting securities.

(k) Warrant
Agency Agreement. On the Closing Date the duly executed warrant agency agreement executed by and between the Company and the transfer
agent.

(l) Additional
Documents. On or before each Closing Date, the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent shall have received such information
and documents as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as
contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of
the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If
any condition specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by
the Placement Agent by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to a Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability
on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 6 (Payment of Expenses), Section 7 (Indemnification and Contribution)
and Section 8 (Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery) shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section
7. Payment of Expenses. The Company shall be responsible for and pay all expenses relating to the Offering, including, without
limitation, all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering with
the Commission and the filing of the offering materials with FINRA; all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Securities
on such stock exchange as the Company and the Placement Agent together determine; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to background
checks of the Companys officers and directors; all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification
of such Securities under the blue sky securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may
reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all filing and registration fees, and the fees and disbursements of the Placement
Agents counsel at Closing)); all fees and expenses associated with the i-Deal system and NetRoadshow not to exceed $3,000; the
costs of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents (including the transaction documents, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate,
any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement, placement agents questionnaire and power of attorney), Registration
Statements, Prospectuses and all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Placement
Agent may reasonably deem necessary; the costs and expenses of the public relations firm referred to in the Engagement Letter; the costs
of preparing, printing and delivering certificates representing such Securities; fees and expenses of the transfer agent for such Securities;
stock transfer taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Placement Agent; the fees and expenses
of the Companys accountants and the fees and expenses of the Placement Agent and the Companys legal counsel and other agents
and representatives. Upon the Placement Agents request, the Company shall provide funds to pay all such fees, expenses and disbursements.
For the sake of clarity, it is understood and agreed that (i) the Company shall be responsible for the Placement Agents legal
fees, costs and expenses in connection with the Offering irrespective of whether the Offering is consummated, and (ii) the maximum amount
of legal fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Placement Agent that the Company shall be responsible for shall not exceed $125,000
in the event of a Closing, and shall not exceed $25,000 in the event that there is not a Closing.

Section
8. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Placement Agent, its affiliates and each person controlling the Placement Agent
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act), and the directors, officers, agents and employees of the Placement Agent, its
affiliates and each such controlling person (the Placement Agent, and each such entity or person. an Indemnified Person)
from and against any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs and other liabilities (collectively, the Liabilities),
and shall reimburse each Indemnified Person for all fees and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of one counsel for
all Indemnified Persons, except as otherwise expressly provided herein) (collectively, the Expenses) as they are
incurred by an Indemnified Person in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any actions, whether or not any Indemnified Person
is a party thereto, (i) caused by, or arising out of or in connection with, any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Incorporated Document, or any Prospectus or by any omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading (other than untrue statements or alleged untrue statements in, or omissions or alleged omissions from, information relating
to an Indemnified Person furnished in writing by or on behalf of such Indemnified Person expressly for use in the Incorporated Documents)
or (ii) otherwise arising out of or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant
to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any
such advice, services or transactions; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (ii) only, the Company shall not
be responsible for any Liabilities or Expenses of any Indemnified Person that are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely
from such Indemnified Persons (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any of the advice, actions, inactions
or services referred to above or (y) use of any offering materials or information concerning the Company in connection with the offer
or sale of the Securities in the Offering which were not authorized for such use by the Company and which use constitutes gross negligence
or willful misconduct. The Company also agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Person for all Expenses as they are incurred in connection
with enforcing such Indemnified Persons rights under this Agreement.

(b) Upon
receipt by an Indemnified Person of actual notice of an action against such Indemnified Person with respect to which indemnity may be
sought under this Agreement, such Indemnified Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing; provided that failure by any Indemnified
Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability which the Company may have on account of this indemnity
or otherwise to such Indemnified Person, except to the extent the Company shall have been prejudiced by such failure. The Company shall,
if requested by the Placement Agent, assume the defense of any such action including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent, which counsel may also be counsel to the Company. Any Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel or (ii) the named parties
to any such action (including any impeded parties) include such Indemnified Person and the Company, and such Indemnified Person shall
have been advised in the reasonable opinion of counsel that there is an actual conflict of interest that prevents the counsel selected
by the Company from representing both the Company (or another client of such counsel) and any Indemnified Person; provided that the Company
shall not in such event be responsible hereunder for the fees and expenses of more than one firm of separate counsel for all Indemnified
Persons in connection with any action or related actions, in addition to any local counsel. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement
of any action effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without
the prior written consent of the Placement Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or consent to the entry
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which indemnification or contribution
may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Indemnified Person is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination
includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from all Liabilities arising out of such action for which indemnification
or contribution may be sought hereunder. The indemnification required hereby shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and payable.

(c) In
the event that the foregoing indemnity is unavailable to an Indemnified Person other than in accordance with this Agreement, the Company
shall contribute to the Liabilities and Expenses paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect
(i) the relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent and any other Indemnified Person, on the other
hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by the immediately preceding clause is not permitted
by applicable law, not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent
and any other Indemnified Person, on the other hand, in connection with the matters as to which such Liabilities or Expenses relate,
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that in no event shall the Company contribute less than the amount necessary
to ensure that all Indemnified Persons, in the aggregate, are not liable for any Liabilities and Expenses in excess of the amount of
fees actually received by the Placement Agent pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of this paragraph, the relative benefits to the
Company, on the one hand, and to the Placement Agent on the other hand, of the matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same proportion as (a) the total value paid or contemplated to be paid to or received or contemplated to be received by
the Company in the transaction or transactions that are within the scope of this Agreement, whether or not any such transaction is consummated,
bears to (b) the fees paid to the Placement Agent under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, no person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, as amended, shall be entitled to contribution from a party who was not guilty
of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(d) The
Company also agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or tort or otherwise)
to the Company for or in connection with advice or services rendered or to be rendered by any Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any Indemnified Persons actions or inactions in connection with any such advice, services
or transactions except for Liabilities (and related Expenses) of the Company that are finally judicially determined to have resulted
solely from such Indemnified Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with any such advice, actions, inactions
or services.

(e) The
reimbursement, indemnity and contribution obligations of the Company set forth herein shall apply to any modification of this Agreement
and shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any termination of, or the completion of any Indemnified Persons services
under or in connection with, this Agreement.

Section
9. Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and
other statements of the Company or any person controlling the Company, of its officers, and of the Placement Agent set forth in or made
pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement
Agent, the Company, or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and will survive
delivery of and payment for the Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. A successor to a Placement Agent, or
to the Company, its directors or officers or any person controlling the Company, shall be entitled to the benefits of the indemnity,
contribution and reimbursement agreements contained in this Agreement.

Section
10. Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, e-mailed or telecopied and
confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If
to the Placement Agent to the address set forth above, attention: James Siegal, email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

With
a copy to: 

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP 

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor 

New
York, New York 10105 

E-mail:
mbernstein@egsllp.com 

Attention:
Matthew
Bernstein 

If
to the Company: 

DIH
Holding US, Inc. 

77
Accord Drive, Suite D-1 

Norwell,
MA 02062 

E-mail:
jason.chen@dih.com 

Attention:
Jason
Chen 

With
a copy to: 

Loeb
& Loeb LLP 

901
New York Avenue 

Washington,
D.C. 20001 

E-mail: mnussbaum@loeb.com 

Attention:
Mitchell
Nussbaum 

Any
party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

Section
11. Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the
employees, officers and directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 7 hereof, and to their respective successors, and personal
representative, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.

Section
12. Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Section, paragraph or provision
of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and
only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section
13. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such State, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. This Agreement
may not be assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any right to trial by jury with respect
to any dispute arising under this Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. Any dispute arising under
this Agreement may be brought into the courts of the State of New York or into the Federal Court located in New York, New York and, by
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company hereby accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally,
the jurisdiction of aforesaid courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by delivering a copy thereof via overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to
such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. The Company agrees that a final judgment in any such action, proceeding or counterclaim brought in any such
court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Company and may be enforced in any other courts to the jurisdiction of which the Company
is or may be subject, by suit upon such judgment. If either party to this Agreement shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce
any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action
or proceeding.

Section
14. General Provisions.

(a) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Engagement Agreement, dated October 4, 2024 (Engagement Agreement), between the Company and the Placement Agent
shall continue to be effective and the terms therein shall continue to survive and be enforceable by the Placement Agent in accordance
with its terms (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification provisions included therein), provided that, in the event
of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto,
and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit.
Section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

(b) The
Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Placement Agents responsibility to the Company
is solely contractual and commercial in nature, (ii) the Placement Agent has acted at arms length, are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary
duties to the Company or any other person, (iii) the Placement Agent owes the Company only those duties and obligations set forth in
this Agreement and (iv) the Placement Agent may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Placement Agent arising from a breach or alleged breach of fiduciary
duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.

[The
remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]

If
the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, please sign below whereupon this instrument, along with all
counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very
truly yours,

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

a
Delaware corporation

By: /s/
Jason Chen

Name: Jason
Chen

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

The
foregoing Placement Agency Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted as of the date first above written.

MAXIM
GROUP LLC 

By:
/s/
Ritesh Veera 

Name: Ritesh
Veera 

Title: Co-Head
of Investment Banking 

[Signature
Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

CLASS ACOMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

Warrant
Shares: _______ Initial
Exercise Date: February 3, 2025

THIS
CLASS A COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns
(the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter
set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New
York City time) on February 3, 2030 (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from DIH HOLDING US, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). This Warrant shall initially be issued and maintained in the form of a security
held in book-entry form and the Depository Trust Company or its nominee (DTC) shall initially be the sole registered
holder of this Warrant, subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of
the Warrant Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

Section
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1:

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Purchase
Agreement means the securities purchase agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and between the Company and each
of the purchasers signatory thereto.

Registration
Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283853).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means the Purchase Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, this Warrant, the Prefunded Warrants (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), the Warrant Agency Agreement, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address
of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004 and an email address of sjones@continentalstock.com, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrant
Agency Agreement means that certain warrant agency agreement, dated on or about the Initial Exercise Date, between the Company
and the Warrant Agent.

Warrant
Agent means the Transfer Agent and any successor warrant agent of the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Stock purchase warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF
copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this
Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a
portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall
maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection
to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance
of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the
Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount
stated on the face hereof.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing in this Section 2(a), a holder whose interest in this Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing this
Warrant held in book-entry form through DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions), shall effect
exercises made pursuant to this Section 2(a) by delivering to DTC (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable) the appropriate
instruction form for exercise, complying with the procedures to effect exercise that are required by DTC (or such other clearing corporation,
as applicable), subject to a Holders right to elect to receive a Warrant in certificated form pursuant to the terms of the Warrant
Agency Agreement, in which case this sentence shall not apply.

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.7832, subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at the time of exercise hereof there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus
contained therein is not available for the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in
whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number
of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day
prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal
securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by
Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice of Exercise
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or within until
two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours, on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this
Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares
that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of
a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not
to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a
certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares
to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date
that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading
Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period
following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery
Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise
Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Intentionally omitted.

c)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). To the extent that this Warrant has not been partially or completely exercised
at the time of such Distribution, such portion of the Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until the
Holder has exercised this Warrant.

e)
Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person (other thank for the purpose
of changing the Companys name, jurisdiction of incorporation or forming or collapsing a holding company), (ii) the Company or
any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than
50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock
or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase
agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme
of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction),
then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have
been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without
regard to any limitation in Section 2(f) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(f) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option,
exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the
date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase this Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder
an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined below) of the remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction; provided, however, that, if the Fundamental Transaction is not within the
Companys control, including not approved by the Companys Board of Directors, the Holder shall only be entitled to receive
from the Company or any Successor Entity, as of the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, the same type or form of
consideration (and in the same proportion), at the Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of this Warrant, that is being offered
and paid to the holders of Common Stock of the Company in connection with the Fundamental Transaction, whether that consideration be
in the form of cash, stock or any combination thereof, or whether the holders of Common Stock are given the choice to receive from among
alternative forms of consideration in connection with the Fundamental Transaction; provided, further, that if holders of
Common Stock of the Company are not offered or paid any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction, such holders of Common Stock will
be deemed to have received common stock of the Successor Entity (which Successor Entity may be the Company following such Fundamental
Transaction) in such Fundamental Transaction. Black Scholes Value means the value of this Warrant based on the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of
the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding
to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental
Transaction and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the 100 day volatility as obtained from the HVT function on
Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of
the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share used in such calculation shall be the sum of
the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental
Transaction, (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated
Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and (E) a zero cost of borrow. The payment of the Black Scholes Value will be made by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or such other consideration) within the later of (i) five Business Days of the Holders
election and (ii) the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations
of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and
shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by
a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares
of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon
exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and
with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately
prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder.
Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under
this Warrant (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the
Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally
with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect
as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Company herein. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 3(e) regardless of (i) whether the
Company has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Warrant Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction
occurs prior to the Initial Exercise Date.

f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

g)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment
to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into
other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email
address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective
date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to
be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected
that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other
property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to
deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to
be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a
Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such
notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

h)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board
of Directors of the Company.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient
to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall
execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)
New Warrants. If this Warrant is not held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant may be divided
or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying
the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance
with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a
new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants
issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except
as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Warrant Agent for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company and the Warrant Agent
may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution
to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed
by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts
of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York.
Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys
fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred
by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 77 Accord Park Drive, Suite D-1, Norwell, MA 02061, Attention: Jason Chen, email address:
jason.chen@dih.com, or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered
personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or
address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail
address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to
be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on
the one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

o)
Warrant Agency Agreement. If this Warrant is held in global form through DTC (or any successor depositary), this Warrant is issued
subject to the Warrant Agency Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Warrant conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant
Agency Agreement, the provisions of this Warrant shall govern and be controlling.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

DIH HOLDING US, INC.

By: 

Name: Jason
Chen

Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman

[Signature
Page to Class A Warrant]

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

To:
DIH HOLDING US, INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

Date:
________________________________________________________________________________________

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number:

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature: ___________________ 

Holders
Address: ____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.2

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT

WARRANT
AGENCY AGREEMENT, dated as of February 3, 2025 (Agreement), by and between DIH HOLDING US, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York New York corporation (the
Warrant Agent).

W
I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS,
pursuant to a registered offering by the Company of 5,937,100 units comprised of shares of the Companys Common
Stock (as defined below) (or prefunded warrants (the Prefunded Warrants) in lieu of shares of Common Stock) and
Class A Warrants (the Common Stock Purchase Warrant, together with the Prefunded Warrants, the Warrants);

WHEREAS,
pursuant to an offering by the Company of Warrants (as defined below), the Company wishes to issue Warrants in book entry form entitling
the respective holders of the Warrants (each a Holder, and collectively, the Holders, which term shall
include a Holders transferees, successors and assigns and Holder shall include, if the Warrants are held in street
name, a Participant (as defined below) or a designee appointed by such Participant) to purchase shares
of Common Stock (as defined below) underlying the Warrants (as defined below) upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter
set forth (the Offering);

WHEREAS,
the Company wishes the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to act on behalf of the Company,
in connection with the issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, exercise and replacement of the Warrants.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section
1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

(a)
Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act).

(b)
Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United
States or any day on which the Nasdaq Stock Market is authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

(c)
Close of Business on any given date means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date; provided, however,
that if such date is not a Business Day, it means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

(e)
Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(f)
Person means an individual, corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust,
unincorporated organization, government or political subdivision thereof or governmental agency or other entity.

(g)
Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Companys primary trading
market, or, if the trading market is not the principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange
or securities market in the United States on which the Common Stock is then traded.

(h)
Warrants means, collectively, the Common Stock Purchase Warrants and the Prefunded Warrants.

(i)
Warrant Certificate means a certificate in substantially the form attached as Exhibit 1-A or Exhibit 1-B
hereto, as the case may be, representing the right to purchase such number of Warrant Shares (as defined below) as
is indicated therein, provided that any reference to the delivery of a Warrant Certificate in this Agreement shall include delivery of
notice from the Depository or a Participant (each as defined below) of the transfer or exercise of the Warrant in the form of a Global
Warrant (as defined below).

(h)
Warrant Shares means the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

All
other capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Warrant Certificates.

Section
2. Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance
with the express terms or conditions hereof (and no implied terms and conditions), and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment.
The Company may from time to time appoint such Co-Warrant Agents as it may, in its sole discretion, deem necessary or desirable upon
ten (10) calendar days prior written notice to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall have no duty to supervise, and shall
in no event be liable for, the acts or omissions of any such Co-Warrant Agent. In the event the Company appoints one or more co-Warrant
Agents, the respective duties of the Warrant Agent and any Co-Warrant Agent shall be as the Company shall reasonably determine, provided
that such duties and determination are consistent with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

Section
3. Global Warrants.

(a)
The Warrants shall be issuable in book entry form. All of the Warrants shall initially be represented by one or more Global Warrants
(the Global Warrants and, each, a Global Warrant), deposited with the Warrant Agent and registered
in the name of Cede & Co., a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depository), or as otherwise directed
by the Depository. Ownership of beneficial interests in the Warrants, shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall be
effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depository or its nominee for each Global Warrant or (ii) institutions that have accounts
with the Depository (such institution, with respect to a Warrant in its account, a Participant). For purposes of
Regulation SHO, a holder whose interest in a Global Warrant is a beneficial interest in certificate(s) representing such Warrant held
in book-entry form through the Depository shall be deemed to have exercised its interest in such Warrant upon instructing its broker
that is a Participant to exercise its interest in such Warrant, provided that in each such case payment of the applicable aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is delivered by such Participant within the earlier of (i) two Trading Days and
(ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case following such instruction. As used herein, Standard
Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary
trading market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice.

(b)
If the Depository subsequently ceases to make its book-entry settlement system available for the Warrants, the Company may instruct the
Warrant Agent regarding other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In the event that the Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no
longer necessary to have the Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depository
to deliver to the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Global Warrant, and the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent in writing to
deliver to each Holder a Warrant Certificate.

(c)
A Holder has the right to elect at any time or from time to time a Warrant Exchange (as defined below) pursuant to a Warrant Certificate
Request Notice (as defined below). Upon written notice by a Holder to the Warrant Agent for the exchange of some or all of such Holders
Global Warrants for a Warrant Certificate, evidencing the same number of Warrants, which request shall be in the form attached hereto
as Annex A (a Warrant Certificate Request Notice and the date of delivery of such Warrant Certificate Request
Notice by the Holder, the Warrant Certificate Request Notice Date and the deemed surrender upon delivery by the
Holder of a number of Global Warrants for the same number of Warrants evidenced by a Warrant Certificate, a Warrant Exchange),
the Warrant Agent shall promptly effect the Warrant Exchange and shall promptly issue and deliver, at the expense of the Company, to
the Holder a Warrant Certificate, for such number of Warrants in the name set forth in the Warrant Certificate Request Notice. Such Warrant
Certificate shall be dated the original issue date of the Warrants, shall be executed by manual signature by an authorized signatory
of the Company, and shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1-A. In connection with a Warrant Exchange, the Company agrees
to deliver, or to direct the Warrant Agent to deliver, the Warrant Certificate, to the Holder within three (3) Business Days of the Warrant
Certificate Request Notice pursuant to the delivery instructions in the Warrant Certificate Request Notice (Warrant Certificate
Delivery Date). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall act as warrant agent with respect to any
physical Warrant Certificate issued pursuant to this section. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant
Certificate subject to the Warrant Certificate Request Notice by the Warrant Certificate Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the
Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares evidenced by such Warrant Certificate
(based on the VWAP (as defined in the Warrants) of the Common Stock on the Warrant Certificate Request Notice Date), $10 per Business
Day for each Business Day after such Warrant Certificate Delivery Date until such Warrant Certificate is delivered or, prior to delivery
of such Warrant Certificate, the Holder rescinds such Warrant Exchange. In no event shall the Warrant Agent be liable for the Companys
failure to deliver the Warrant Certificate by the Warrant Certificate Delivery Date. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon the
date of delivery of the Warrant Certificate Request Notice, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of the Warrant Certificate, as
applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Warrant Certificate shall be deemed for all purposes
to contain all of the terms and conditions of the Warrants, evidenced by such Warrant Certificate, and the terms of this Agreement, other
than Sections 3(c) and 9 herein, shall not apply to the Warrants evidenced by the Warrant Certificate.

2

Section
4. Form of Warrant Certificates. The Warrant Certificate, together with the form of election to purchase Common Stock (Exercise
Notice) and the form of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof, shall be in the form of Exhibit 1-A hereto.

Section
5. Countersignature and Registration. The Warrant Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Vice President, either manually or by .pdf via email signature. The Warrant Certificates shall be
countersigned by the Warrant Agent either manually or by .pdf via email signature and shall not be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned.
In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Warrant Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company
before countersignature by the Warrant Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Warrant Certificates, nevertheless, may be
countersigned by the Warrant Agent, issued and delivered with the same force and effect as though the Person who signed such Warrant
Certificate had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any
Person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Warrant Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Warrant
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Agreement any such Person was not such an officer.

The
Warrant Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at its office designated for such purposes, books for registration and transfer of the Warrant
Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective Holders of the Warrant Certificates, the
number of warrants evidenced on the face of each such Warrant Certificate and the date of each such Warrant Certificate. The Warrant
Agent will create a special account for the issuance of Warrant Certificates.

Section
6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Warrant Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Warrant Certificates.
With respect to the Global Warrant, subject to the provisions of the Warrant Certificate, and the last sentence of this first paragraph
of Section 6 and subject to applicable law, rules or regulations, or any stop transfer instructions the Company may give
to the Warrant Agent, at any time after the closing date of the Offering, and at or prior to the Close of Business on the Termination
Date (as such term is defined in the Warrant Certificate), any Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates or Global Warrant or Global
Warrants may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates or Global Warrant
or Global Warrants, entitling the Holder to purchase a like number of shares of Common Stock as the Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates
or Global Warrant or Global Warrants surrendered then entitled such Holder to purchase. Any Holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine
or exchange any Warrant Certificate or Global Warrant shall make such request in writing delivered to the Warrant Agent and shall surrender
the Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates, together with the required form of assignment and certificate duly executed and properly
completed and such other documentation as the Warrant Agent may reasonably request, to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged
at the office of the Warrant Agent designated for such purpose, provided that no such surrender is applicable to the Holder of a Global
Warrant. Any requested transfer of Warrants, whether in book-entry form or certificate form, shall be accompanied by evidence of authority
of the party making such request that may be reasonably required by the Warrant Agent. Thereupon the Warrant Agent shall, subject to
the last sentence of this first paragraph of Section 6, countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Warrant Certificate
or Warrant Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require payment from the Holder of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Warrant
Certificates. The Warrant Agent shall not have any duty or obligation to take any action under any section of this Agreement that requires
the payment of taxes and/or charges unless and until it is satisfied that all such payments have been made.

Upon
receipt by the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Warrant Certificate,
which evidence shall include an affidavit of loss, or in the case of mutilated certificates, the certificate or portion thereof remaining,
and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Warrant Agent, and
satisfaction of any other reasonable requirements established by Section 8-405 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State
of Delaware, and reimbursement to the Company and the Warrant Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender
to the Warrant Agent and cancellation of the Warrant Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant Certificate
of like tenor to the Warrant Agent for delivery to the Holder in lieu of the Warrant Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated.

3

Section
7. Exercise of Warrants; Exercise Price; Termination Date.

(a)
The Warrants shall be exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date. The Warrants shall cease to be exercisable on the Termination
Date (as such term is defined in the Warrant Certificate). Subject to the foregoing and to Section 7(b) below, the Holder of a Warrant
may exercise the Warrant, in whole or in part upon surrender of the Warrant Certificate, if required, with the properly completed and
duly executed Exercise Notice and payment of the Exercise Price (unless exercised via a cashless exercise), which may be made, at the
option of the Holder, by wire transfer or by certified or official bank check in United States dollars, to the Warrant Agent at the office
of the Warrant Agent designated for such purposes. In the case of the Holder of a Global Warrant, the Holder shall deliver the duly executed
Exercise Notice and the payment of the Exercise Price as described herein. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, a holder
whose interest in a Global Warrant is a beneficial interest in a Global Warrant held in book-entry form through the Depository (or another
established clearing corporation performing similar functions) shall effect exercises by delivering to the Depository (or such other
clearing corporation, as applicable) the appropriate instruction form for exercise, complying with the procedures to effect exercise
that is required by the Depository (or such other clearing corporation, as applicable). The Company acknowledges that the bank accounts
maintained by the Warrant Agent in connection with the services provided under this Agreement will be in its name and that the Warrant
Agent may receive investment earnings in connection with the investment at Warrant Agent risk and for its benefit of funds held in those
accounts from time to time. Neither the Company nor the Holders will receive interest on any deposits or Exercise Price. No ink-original
Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice
be required.

(b)
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice for a Cashless Exercise, the Warrant Agent shall deliver a copy of the Exercise Notice to the Company
and request from the Company, and the Company shall promptly calculate and transmit to the Warrant Agent in writing, the number of Warrant
Shares issuable in connection with such Cashless Exercise. The Warrant Agent shall have no obligation under this Agreement to calculate,
the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with a Cashless Exercise, nor shall the Warrant Agent have any duty or obligation
to investigate or confirm whether the Companys determination of the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, pursuant
to this Section 7, is accurate or correct.

(c)
Upon the Warrant Agents receipt of a Warrant Certificate, at or prior to the Close of Business on the Termination Date set forth
in such Warrant Certificate, with the executed Exercise Notice and payment of the Exercise Price for the shares to be purchased (other
than in the case of a Cashless Exercise) and an amount equal to any applicable tax, or governmental charge referred to in Section 6 by
wire transfer, or by certified check or bank draft payable to the order of the Company (or, in the case of the Holder of a Global Warrant,
the delivery of the executed Exercise Notice and the payment of the Exercise Price (other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise) and
any other applicable amounts as set forth herein), the Warrant Agent shall cause the Warrant Shares underlying such Warrant Certificate,
or Global Warrant, to be delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of such Warrant Certificate, or Global Warrant, registered in such
name or names as may be designated by such Holder, no later than the Warrant Share Delivery Date (as such term is defined in the Warrant
Certificate). If the Company is then a participant in the DWAC system of the Depository and either (A) there is an effective registration
statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by Holder or (B) the Warrant is being exercised
via Cashless Exercise, then the certificates for Warrant Shares shall be transmitted by the Warrant Agent to the Holder by crediting
the account of the Holders broker with the Depository through its DWAC system. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company becomes
obligated to pay any amounts to any Holders pursuant to Sections 2(d)(i) or 2(d)(iv) of the Warrant Certificate, such obligation shall
be solely that of the Company and not that of the Warrant Agent. Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, except
in the case of a Cashless Exercise, if any Holder fails to duly deliver payment to the Warrant Agent of an amount equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares to be purchased upon exercise of such Holders Warrant as set forth in Section 7(a) hereof
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Warrant Agent will not be obligated to deliver such Warrant Shares (via DWAC or otherwise) until
following receipt of such payment, and the applicable Warrant Share Delivery Date shall be deemed extended by one day for each day (or
part thereof) until such payment is delivered to the Warrant Agent.

(d)
The Warrant Agent shall deposit all funds received by it in payment of the Exercise Price for all Warrants in the account of the Company
maintained with the Warrant Agent for such purpose (or to such other account as directed by the Company in writing) and shall advise
the Company via email at the end of each day on which exercise notices are received, or funds for the exercise of any Warrant are received,
of the amount so deposited to its account.

(e)
In case the Holder of any Warrant Certificate shall exercise fewer than all Warrants evidenced thereby, upon the request of the Holder,
a new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants equivalent to the number of Warrants remaining unexercised may be issued
by the Warrant Agent to the Holder of such Warrant Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns in accordance with Section 2(d)(ii)
of the Warrant Certificate, subject to the provisions of Section 6 hereof.

Section
8. Cancellation and Destruction of Warrant Certificates. All Warrant Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer,
split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Warrant Agent for
cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Warrant Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Warrant Certificates shall
be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the
Warrant Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Warrant Agent shall so cancel and retire any other Warrant Certificate purchased
or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Warrant Agent shall deliver all canceled Warrant Certificates
to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such canceled Warrant Certificates, and in such case shall deliver
a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company, subject to any applicable law, rule or regulation requiring the Warrant Agent to
retain such canceled certificates.

4

Section
9. Certain Representations; Reservation and Availability of Shares of Common Stock or Cash.

(a)
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
hereof by the Warrant Agent, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, and the Warrants have been duly authorized, executed and issued by the Company and, assuming due execution thereof by
the Warrant Agent pursuant hereto and payment therefor by the Holders, constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms and entitled to the benefits hereof; in each case except as enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors
rights generally or by general equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity
or at law).

(b)
As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which [____]
shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding, and [___] shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants,
(ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which is issued and outstanding; and (iii) 4,300,000 shares of Common Stock are authorized
for issuance to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to the Companys stock plan, under which options to purchase [__]
shares are issued and outstanding. There are no other outstanding obligations, warrants, options or other rights to subscribe for or
purchase from the Company any class of capital stock of the Company.

(c)
The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock or its authorized and issued shares of Common Stock held in its treasury, free from preemptive rights, the number of shares of
Common Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants.

(d)
The Warrant Agent will create a special account for the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of Warrants.

(e)
The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges
which may be payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Warrant Certificates or certificates evidencing Common Stock
upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any tax or governmental charge which may be payable
in respect of any transfer involved in the transfer or delivery of Warrant Certificates or the issuance or delivery of certificates for
Common Stock in a name other than that of the Holder of the Warrant Certificate evidencing Warrants surrendered for exercise or to issue
or deliver any certificate for shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of any Warrants until any such tax or governmental charge shall
have been paid (any such tax or governmental charge being payable by the Holder of such Warrant Certificate at the time of surrender)
or until it has been established to the Companys and the Warrant Agents reasonable satisfaction that no such tax or governmental
charge is due.

Section
10. Common Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for shares of Common Stock is issued (or to whose brokers
account is credited shares of Common Stock through the DWAC system) upon the exercise of Warrants shall for all purposes be deemed to
have become the holder of record for the Common Stock represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date on which
submission of the Exercise Notice was made, provided that the Warrant Certificate evidencing such Warrant was duly surrendered (but only
if required herein) and payment of the Exercise Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) was received on or prior to the Warrant Share
Delivery Date; provided, however, that, if the date of submission of the Exercise Notice is a date upon which the Common
Stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such
certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding day on which the Common Stock transfer books of the Company are open.

Section
11. Adjustment of Exercise Price, Number of Shares of Common Stock or Number of the Company Warrants. The Exercise Price, the
number of shares covered by each Warrant and the number of Warrants outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided
in Section 3 of the Warrant Certificate. In the event that at any time, as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 3 of the
Warrant Certificate, the Holder of any Warrant thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the
Company other than shares of Common Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Warrant shall
be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect
to the shares contained in Section 3 of the Warrant Certificate, and the provisions of Sections 7, 9 and 13 of this Agreement with respect
to the shares of Common Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares. All Warrants originally issued by the Company subsequent
to any adjustment made to the Exercise Price pursuant to the Warrant Certificate shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted
Exercise Price, the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Warrants, all subject
to further adjustment as provided herein.

5

Section
12. Certification of Adjusted Exercise Price or Number of Shares of Common Stock. Whenever the Exercise Price or the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant Certificate is adjusted as provided in Section 11 or 13, the Company
shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price of each Warrant Certificate, as so adjusted, and a brief, reasonably
detailed statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant Agent and with each transfer agent
for the Common Stock a copy of such certificate and (c) instruct the Warrant Agent, at the Companys expense, to send a brief summary
thereof to each Holder of a Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Agent shall be fully protected in relying on such certificate and on any
adjustment or statement therein contained and shall have no duty or liability with respect to and shall not be deemed to have knowledge
of any such adjustment or any such event unless and until it shall have received such certificate.

Section
13. Fractional Shares of Common Stock.

(a)
The Company shall not issue fractions of Warrants or distribute Warrant Certificates which evidence fractional Warrants. Whenever any
fractional Warrant would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed, the actual issuance or distribution shall reflect a rounding
of such fraction to the nearest whole Warrant (rounded up).

(b)
The Company shall not issue fractions of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of Warrants or distribute stock certificates which evidence
fractional shares of Common Stock. Whenever any fraction of a share of Common Stock would otherwise be required to be issued or distributed,
the actual issuance or distribution in respect thereof shall be made in accordance with Section 2(d)(v) of the Warrant Certificate.

Section
14. Concerning the Warrant Agent.

(a)
The Company agrees to pay to the Warrant Agent, pursuant to the fee schedule mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and provided
separately on the date hereof, for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, its reasonable expenses and counsel
fees and other disbursements incurred in the preparation, delivery, negotiation, amendment, administration and execution of this Agreement
and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder.

(b)
The Company covenants and agrees to indemnify and to hold the Warrant Agent harmless against any costs, expenses (including reasonable
fees and expenses of its legal counsel), losses or damages, which may be paid, incurred or suffered by or to which it may become subject,
arising from or out of, directly or indirectly, any claims or liability resulting from its actions or omissions as Warrant Agent pursuant
hereto; provided, that such covenant and agreement does not extend to, and the Warrant Agent shall not be indemnified with respect to,
such costs, expenses, losses and damages incurred or suffered by the Warrant Agent as a result of, or arising out of, its gross negligence,
bad faith, or willful misconduct (each as determined by a final non-appealable court of competent jurisdiction). Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, any liability of the Warrant Agent under this Agreement will be limited to the amount of annual fees
paid by the Company to the Warrant Agent during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the event for which recovery from the Warrant
Agent is being sought. The costs and expenses incurred by the Warrant Agent in enforcing this right of indemnification shall be paid
by the Company.

(c)
Upon the assertion of a claim for which the Company may be required to indemnify the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent shall promptly
notify the Company of such assertion, and shall keep the other party reasonably advised with respect to material developments concerning
such claim. However, failure to give such notice shall not affect the Warrant Agents right to and the Companys obligations
for indemnification hereunder.

(d)
Neither party to this Agreement shall be liable to the other party for any consequential, indirect, punitive, special or incidental damages
under any provisions of this Agreement or for any consequential, indirect, punitive, special or incidental damages arising out of any
act or failure to act hereunder even if that party has been advised of or has foreseen the possibility of such damages.

(e)
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the rights and obligations of the parties set forth in this Section 14 shall
survive termination of this Agreement, the expiration of the Warrants and/or the resignation, removal or replacement of the Warrant Agent.

Section
15. Purchase or Consolidation or Change of Name of Warrant Agent. Any Person into which the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant
Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant
Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be party, or any Person succeeding to the stock transfer or other shareholder services business
of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant Agent under this Agreement without the execution
or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, provided that such Person would be eligible for appointment
as a successor Warrant Agent under the provisions of Section 17. In case at the time such successor Warrant Agent shall succeed to the
agency created by this Agreement any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor
Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Warrant Agent and deliver such Warrant Certificates so countersigned;
and in case at that time any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Warrant Agent may countersign
such Warrant Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the name of the successor Warrant Agent; and in all
such cases, such Warrant Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

6

In
case at any time the name of the Warrant Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been countersigned
but not delivered, the Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Warrant Certificates so countersigned;
and in case at that time any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Warrant Agent may countersign such Warrant
Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases, such Warrant Certificates shall have the full force
provided in the Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section
16. Duties of Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the following
express terms and conditions (and no implied terms and conditions), by all of which the Company, by its acceptance hereof, shall be bound
and shall not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust with any of the Holders of the Warrants or any other Person:

(a)
The Warrant Agent may consult with legal counsel selected by it (who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion and advice
of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent as to any action taken or omitted by it
in accordance with such opinion or advice.

(b)
Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or
matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence
in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed
by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Vice President of the Company; and such certificate shall be full authorization
and protection to the Warrant Agent, and the Warrant Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or
omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. The Warrant Agent shall have no duty
to act without such a certificate as set forth in this Section 16(b).

(c)
Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 14, the Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, bad
faith or willful misconduct (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(d)
The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in
the Warrant Certificates (including in the case of any notation in book-entry form to reflect ownership), except its countersignature
thereof, by the Company or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been
made by the Company only.

(e)
The Warrant Agent shall not have any liability or be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution
and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any Warrant
Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for the adjustment of the Exercise Price or the
making of any change in the number of shares of Common Stock required under the provisions of Section 11 or 13 or responsible for the
manner, method or amount of any such change or adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment
or change (except with respect to the exercise of Warrants evidenced by Warrant Certificates after actual notice of any adjustment of
the Exercise Price); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation
of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant Certificate or as to whether any shares of Common
Stock will, when issued, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f)
Each party hereto agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the other party hereto for the
carrying out or performing by any party of the provisions of this Agreement.

7

(g)
The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the Chief
Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with
its duties, and it shall not be liable and shall be indemnified and held harmless for any action taken or suffered to be taken by it
in good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer, provided Warrant Agent carries out such instructions without gross
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

(h)
The Warrant Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or employee of the Warrant Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Warrants
or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract
with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Warrant Agent under this Agreement. Nothing
herein shall preclude the Warrant Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other Person. In the event that
the Warrant Agent seeks to exercise a Warrant, and provides the Company with (i) an opinion of counsel to the effect that a public sale
or transfer of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale
or transfer is effected or (ii) the Purchaser provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Rule 144, Section 4(a)(1), or other applicable exemption, the Company
shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, promptly instruct its transfer
agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Holder.
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Section 16(h) may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company
of the provisions of this Section, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining
any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.

(i)
The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself
or by or through its attorney or agents, and the Warrant Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or
misconduct of any such attorney or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct,
absent gross negligence or bad faith in the selection and continued employment thereof (which gross negligence and bad faith must be
determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

(j)
The Warrant Agent shall not be obligated to expend or risk its own funds or to take any action that it believes would expose or subject
it to expense or liability or to a risk of incurring expense or liability, unless it has been furnished with assurances of repayment
or indemnity satisfactory to it.

(k)
The Warrant Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with any of its obligations relating to
any registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or this Agreement, including without limitation obligations
under applicable regulation or law.

(l)
The Warrant Agent may rely on and be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (a) any guaranty of signature by
an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or
other comparable signature guarantee program or insurance program in addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing;
or (b) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same even though such law, act, or regulation may thereafter have been altered,
changed, amended or repealed.

(m)
In the event the Warrant Agent believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction, request
or other communication, paper or document received by the Warrant Agent hereunder, the Warrant Agent, may, in its sole discretion, refrain
from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to Company, the holder of any Warrant or any
other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Warrant Agent receives written instructions signed by the Company which
eliminates such ambiguity or uncertainty to the satisfaction of Warrant Agent.

(n)
This Section 16 shall survive the expiration of the Warrants, the termination of this Agreement and the resignation, replacement or removal
of the Warrant Agent. The costs and expenses incurred in enforcing this right of indemnification shall be paid by the Company.

8

Section
17. Change of Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30)
days notice in writing sent to the Company and, in the event that the Warrant Agent or one of its affiliates is not also the transfer
agent for the Company, to each transfer agent of the Common Stock. In the event the transfer agency relationship in effect between the
Company and the Warrant Agent terminates, the Warrant Agent will be deemed to have resigned automatically and be discharged from its
duties under this Agreement as of the effective date of such termination, and the Company shall be responsible for sending any required
notice thereunder. The Company may remove the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent upon thirty (30) days notice in writing,
sent to the Warrant Agent or successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Stock, and to the
Holders of the Warrant Certificates. If the Warrant Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the
Company shall appoint a successor to the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty
(30) days after such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated
Warrant Agent or by the Holder of a Warrant Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit this Warrant Certificate for inspection
by the Company), then the Holder of any Warrant Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
new Warrant Agent, provided that, for purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to be the Warrant Agent until a new warrant
agent is appointed. Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be a Person, other than a
natural person, organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of a state thereof, in good standing, which is authorized
under such laws to exercise stock transfer powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and which
has at the time of its appointment as Warrant Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. After appointment, the successor
Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Warrant
Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Warrant Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Warrant Agent any property
at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose but
such predecessor Warrant Agent shall not be required to make any additional expenditure (without prompt reimbursement by the Company)
or assume any additional liability in connection with the foregoing. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment, the Company
shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Warrant Agent and each transfer agent of the Common Stock and mail a notice
thereof in writing to the Holders of the Warrant Certificates. However, failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 17, or
any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent or the appointment of
the successor Warrant Agent, as the case may be.

Section
18. Issuance of New Warrant Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Warrants to the contrary,
the Company may, at its option, issue new Warrant Certificates evidencing Warrants in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors
to reflect any adjustment or change in the Exercise Price per share and the number or kind or class of shares of stock or other securities
or property purchasable under the several Warrant Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

Section
19. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made (i) by the Warrant Agent or by the Holder of
any Warrant Certificate to or on the Company, (ii) by the Company or by the Holder of any Warrant Certificate to or on the Warrant Agent
or (iii) by the Company or the Warrant Agent to the Holder of any Warrant Certificate, shall be deemed given when in writing (a) on the
date delivered, if delivered personally, (b) on the first Business Day following the deposit thereof with Federal Express or another
recognized overnight courier, if sent by Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier, (c) on the fourth Business Day following
the mailing thereof with postage prepaid, if mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), and (d) the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day and
(e) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail attachment on a day
that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, in each case to the parties at the following
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

(a)
If to the Company, to:

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

77
Accord Park Drive, Suite D-1

Norwell,
MA 02061

E-mail:
jason.chen@dih.com

Attn:
Jason Chen

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb
& Loeb LLP

901
New York Avenue

Washington,
D.C. 20001

E-mail:
jguilfoyle.com

Attn:
Joan Guilfoyle, Esq.

(b)
If to the Warrant Agent, to:

Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1
State Street, 30th Floor

New
York, NY 10004

E-mail:
sjones@continentalstock.com

Attn: Stephen Jones

9

For
any notice delivered by email to be deemed given or made, such notice must be followed by notice sent by overnight courier service to
be delivered on the next Business Day following such email, unless the recipient of such email has acknowledged via return email receipt
of such email.

(c)
If to the Holder of any Warrant Certificate, to the address of such Holder as shown on the registry books of the Company. Any notice
required to be delivered by the Company to the Holder of any Warrant may be given by the Warrant Agent on behalf of the Company. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, where this Agreement provides for notice of any event to a Holder of any Warrant, such notice
shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depository (or its designee) pursuant to the procedures of the Depository or its designee.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or
any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Section
20. Supplements and Amendments.

(a)
The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any Holders of Global
Warrants in order to (i) add to the covenants and agreements of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of the Global Warrants, (ii)
to surrender any rights or power reserved to or conferred upon the Company in this Agreement, (iii) to cure any ambiguity, (iv) to correct
or supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or (v) to make
any other provisions with regard to matters or questions arising hereunder which the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary
or desirable, provided that such addition, correction or surrender shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Global
Warrants or Warrant Certificates in any material respect.

(b)
In addition to the foregoing, with the consent of Holders of Warrants entitled, upon exercise thereof, to receive not less than a majority
of the shares of Common Stock issuable thereunder, the Company and the Warrant Agent may modify this Agreement for the purpose of adding
any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or modifying in any manner the rights
of the Holders of the Global Warrants; provided, however, that that (i) if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall
also be required and (ii) no modification of the terms (including but not limited to the adjustments described in Section 11) upon which
the Warrants are exercisable or reducing the percentage required for consent to modification of this Agreement may be made without the
consent of the Holder of each outstanding warrant certificate affected thereby; provided further, however, that no amendment
hereunder shall affect any terms of any Warrant Certificate issued in a Warrant Exchange. As a condition precedent to the Warrant Agents
execution of any amendment, the Company shall deliver to the Warrant Agent a certificate from a duly authorized officer of the Company
that states that the proposed amendment complies with the terms of this Section 20. No supplement or amendment to this Agreement shall
be effective unless duly executed by the Warrant Agent.

Section
21. Successors. All covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

Section
22. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give any Person other than the Company, the Holders
of Warrant Certificates and the Warrant Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Holders of the Warrant Certificates.

Section
23. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and each Warrant Certificate issued hereunder shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the conflicts of law principles thereof. The Company hereby
agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenience forum.

10

Section
24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A signature to this
Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect and enforceability as an original signature.

Section
25. Captions. The captions of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not control or
affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

Section
26. Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that if such prohibited and invalid provision shall adversely affect the rights, immunities,
liabilities, duties or obligations of the Warrant Agent, the Warrant Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately upon written notice
to the Company.

Section
27. Conflicts. To the extent any provision of this Agreement conflicts with the express provisions of the Warrant Certificate,
the provisions of the Warrant Certificate shall govern and be controlling.

Section
28. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Warrant Agent will not be liable for any
delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God, terrorist
acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions, interruptions or malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power
failures or mechanical difficulties with information storage or retrieval systems, labor difficulties, war, or civil unrest.

Section
29. Entire Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge that there are no agreements or understandings, written or oral, between
them with respect to matters contemplated hereunder other than as set forth herein and the Warrant Certificates, that this Agreement
and the Warrant Certificates contain the entire agreement between them with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

Section
30. Fees; Expenses. As consideration for the services provided by the Warrant Agent (the Services), the
Company shall pay to the Warrant Agent the fees set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (the Fees). If the Company
requests that the Warrant Agent provide additional services not contemplated hereby, the Company shall pay to the Warrant Agent fees
for such services at the Warrant Agents reasonable and customary rates, such fees to be governed by the terms of a separate agreement
to be mutually agreed to and entered into by the Parties at such time (the Additional Service Fee; together with
the Fees, the Service Fees).

(a) The
Company shall reimburse the Warrant Agent for all reasonable and documented expenses incurred by the Warrant Agent (including, without
limitation, reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel) in connection with the Services (the Expenses);
provided, however, that the Warrant Agent reserves the right to request advance payment for any out-of-pocket expenses.
The Company agrees to pay all Service Fees and Expenses within thirty (30) days following receipt of an invoice from the Warrant Agent.

(b) The
Company agrees and acknowledges that the Warrant Agent may adjust the Service Fees annually, on or about each anniversary date of this
Agreement, by the annual percentage of change in the latest Consumer Price Index of All Urban Consumers United States City Average, as
published by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics.

(c) Upon
termination of this Agreement for any reason, the Warrant Agent shall assist the Company with the transfer of records of the Company
held by the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall be entitled to reasonable additional compensation and reimbursement of any Expenses
for the preparation and delivery of such records to the successor agent or to the Company, and for maintaining records and/or Stock Certificates
that are received after the termination of this Agreement (the Record Transfer Services).

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

By:
/s/
Jason Chen

Name: Jason
Chen

Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman

Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company

By:

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Warrant Agency Agreement]

Annex
A: Form of Warrant Certificate Request Notice

WARRANT
CERTIFICATE REQUEST NOTICE

To:
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Warrant Agent for DIH HOLDING US, INC. (the Company)

The
undersigned Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants (Warrants) in the form of Global Warrants issued by the Company hereby
elects to receive a Warrant Certificate evidencing the Warrants held by the Holder as specified below:

1. Name
of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Warrants: ___________________________

2. Name
of Holder in Warrant Certificate (if different from name of Holder of Warrants in form of Global Warrants): ________________________________

3. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Warrants: ___________________

4. Number
of Warrants for which Warrant Certificate shall be issued: __________________

5. Number
of Warrants in name of Holder in form of Global Warrants after issuance of Warrant Certificate, if any: ___________

6. Warrant
Certificate shall be delivered to the following address:

______________________________

______________________________

______________________________

______________________________

The
undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with this Warrant Exchange and the issuance of the Warrant Certificate,
the Holder is deemed to have surrendered the number of Warrants in form of Global Warrants in the name of the Holder equal to the number
of Warrants evidenced by the Warrant Certificate.

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ____________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ______________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________________

Date:
_______________________________________________________________

Exhibit
1-A: Form of Class A Warrant Certificate

Exhibit
1-B: Form of Prefunded Warrant Certificate

Schedule
1

Fees

Monthly
Warrant Administration Fee (per Warrant Issue) $____.00

EXCHANGE
OF WARRANTS INTO SHARES OF COMMON STOCK 

Per
Manual Exercise of Warrants (until established on DTC WARR System) $____.00

SPECIAL
SERVICES

Services
not included herein (including, without limitation, trustee and custodial services, exchange/tender offer services and stock dividend
disbursement services) but requested by the Company may be subject to additional charges.

Out-of-pocket
Expenses

All
customary out-of-pocket expenses will be billed in addition to the foregoing fees. These charges include, but are not limited to, printing
and stationery, freight and materials delivery, postage and handling.

The
foregoing fees apply to services ordinarily rendered by the Warrant Agent and are subject to reasonable adjustment based on final review
of documents.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 31, 2025, between DIH HOLDING US,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act (as defined below), the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires
to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

1

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof (or the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof if this Agreement is signed
on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on a Trading Day).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Common
Warrants means the Class A common stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, which warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit
A attached hereto.

Common
Warrants Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants.

Company
Counsel means Loeb & Loeb LLP, with offices located at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight
(New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date
hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10105-0302.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

2

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant
to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority
of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities
upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable
for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have
not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange
price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in any such Securities) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) shares of Common Stock in lieu of cash redemption
payments pursuant to the terms of the 8% Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debentures, (d) agreements and securities
issued pursuant thereto in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company, provided that such securities, if issued prior to the expiration of the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein,
are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the
filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section 4.12(a) herein (it being understood
that nothing shall prohibit the filing of any registration statement after the expiration of the prohibition period), and provided that
any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating
company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional
benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily
for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities and (e) securities issued
to other purchasers participating in this offering.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FDA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

FDCA
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

3

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company and the directors, officers,
and 5% stockholders of the Company, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Medical
Device Product shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(hh).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $0.7832, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing
Date, provided that the purchase price per Prefunded Warrant shall be the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Placement
Agent means Maxim Group LLC.

Prefunded
Warrant means, collectively, the Prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance
with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Prefunded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised in full, in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Prefunded
Warrant Shares means the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Prefunded Warrants.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as originally filed or as part of any
amendment thereto, or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act.

Pricing
Prospectus means (i) the Preliminary Prospectus relating to the Securities that was included in the Registration Statement
immediately prior to 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof and (ii) any free writing prospectus (as defined
in the Securities Act) identified on Schedule I hereto, taken together.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

4

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement on Form S-1 with Commission File No. 333-283853 which registers the sale
of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers, including all information, documents and exhibits filed with or
incorporated by reference into such registration statement, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Securities,
which was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and/or Prefunded Warrants and Common Warrants
purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds (minus, if applicable, a Purchasers aggregate exercise
price of the Prefunded Warrants, which amounts shall be paid as and when such Prefunded Warrants are exercised).

5

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreement, the Warrants, the Warrant Agency Agreement, all exhibits and schedules
thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address
of 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004 and an email address of sjones@continentalstock.com, and any successor
transfer agent of the Company.

Units
means units of the Company, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Common Warrant or one Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase
one share of Common Stock and one Common Warrant to purchase up to one share of Common Stock.

Variable Rate Transaction
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

Warrant
Agency Agreement means the warrant agency agreement dated on or about the date hereof, among the Company and Continental Stock
Transfer & Trust Company in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Warrants
means, collectively, the Common Warrants and the Prefunded Warrants.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

6

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $4,649,936.72 of Units; provided, however,
that, to the extent that a Purchaser determines, in its sole discretion, that such Purchaser (together with such Purchasers Affiliates,
and any Person acting as a group together with such Purchaser or any of such Purchasers Affiliates) would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, or as such Purchaser may otherwise choose, in lieu of purchasing Shares, such Purchaser
may elect to purchase Prefunded Warrants in lieu of Shares in such manner to result in the same aggregate purchase price being paid by
such Purchaser to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, at the election of the Purchaser
at Closing, 9.99%) of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Securities
on the Closing Date. In each case, the election to receive Prefunded Warrants is solely at the option of the Purchaser. Each Purchaser
shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Each Purchasers Subscription Amount
as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment
settlement with the Company or its designee. The Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, Prefunded Warrant and
a Common Warrant as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth
in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree take place remotely by electronic transfer
of the Closing documentation. Unless otherwise directed by the Placement Agent, settlement of the Shares shall occur via Delivery
Versus Payment (DVP) (i.e., on the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Shares registered in the Purchasers
names and addresses and released by the Transfer Agent directly to the account(s) at the Placement Agent identified by each Purchaser;
upon receipt of such Shares, the Placement Agent shall promptly electronically deliver such Shares to the applicable Purchaser, and payment
therefor shall be made by the Placement Agent (or its clearing firm) by wire transfer to the Company). Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if at any time on or after the time of execution of this Agreement by the Company and an applicable Purchaser, through,
and including the time immediately prior to the Closing (the Pre-Settlement Period), such Purchaser sells to any
Person all, or any portion, of the Shares to be issued hereunder to such Purchaser at the Closing (collectively, the Pre-Settlement
Shares), such Purchaser shall, automatically hereunder (without any additional required actions by such Purchaser or the Company),
be deemed to be unconditionally bound to purchase, such Pre-Settlement Shares at the Closing; provided, that the Company shall not be
required to deliver any Pre-Settlement Shares to such Purchaser prior to the Companys receipt of the purchase price of such Pre-Settlement
Shares hereunder; and provided further that the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the forgoing shall not constitute a representation
or covenant by such Purchaser as to whether or not during the Pre-Settlement Period such Purchaser shall sell any shares of Common Stock
to any Person and that any such decision to sell any shares of Common Stock by such Purchaser shall solely be made at the time such Purchaser
elects to effect any such sale, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and a Purchasers Subscription Amount set
forth on the signature pages attached hereto, the number of Shares purchased by a Purchaser (and its Affiliates) hereunder shall not,
when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock owned by such Purchaser (and its Affiliates) at such time, result in such Purchaser
beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) in excess of 9.9% of the then issued and outstanding
Common Stock outstanding at the Closing (the Beneficial Ownership Maximum), and such Purchasers Subscription
Amount, to the extent it would otherwise exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum immediately prior to the Closing, shall be conditioned
upon the issuance of Shares at the Closing to the other Purchasers signatory hereto. To the extent that a Purchasers beneficial
ownership of the Shares would otherwise be deemed to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Maximum, such Purchasers Subscription Amount
shall automatically be reduced as necessary in order to comply with this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in the Warrants) delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date, which
may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject
to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Closing Date and the Closing Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date
(as defined in the Warrants) for purposes hereunder.

7

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date (except as indicated below), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the
following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Placement Agent;

(iii)
subject to Section 2.1, the Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead
and executed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

(iv)
subject to Section 2.1, a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver on an
expedited basis via The Depository Trust Company Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) Shares equal to
such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser (minus the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Purchasers Prefunded Warrants, if applicable);

(v)
a Common Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the sum
of such Purchasers Shares and Prefunded Warrant Shares issuable on the date hereof, with an exercise price equal to $0.7832,
subject to adjustment therein;

(vi)
for each Purchaser of Prefunded Warrants pursuant to Section 2.1, a Prefunded Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase
up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the portion of such Purchasers Subscription Amount applicable to Prefunded Warrant
divided by the Per Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001, with an exercise price equal to $0.0001, subject to adjustment therein;

(vii)
on the date hereof, the duly executed Lock-Up Agreements;

8

(viii)
on the date hereof, the duly executed Warrant Agency Agreement; and

(ix)
the Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount, which shall be made available for Delivery Versus Payment settlement with the
Company or its designee.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in
which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality,
in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties
are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed;

9

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v)
from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys
principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall
not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such
service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities
nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such
magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of
such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Companys SEC Reports or in the Disclosure Schedules,
which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure
contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.
All of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) or the Companys SEC Reports. The
Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any
Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid,
non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no
subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

10

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any
agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or
affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is
subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a
Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

11

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus, (iii) application(s) to each
applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby,
(iv) such consents as have already been obtained, and (v) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities
laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants. The Company has prepared and filed the
Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which became effective on January 31, 2025 (the
Effective Date), including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required
to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing or suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus has
been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened
by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus with the Commission
pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became effective, at the date of this Agreement
and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to
the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Pricing Prospectus and
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, at the time the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable, or any amendment
or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

12

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as
of the date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plan and pursuant
to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under
the Exchange Act. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of
participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result
of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip,
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any
Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision
that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or
any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does
not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued
in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board
of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(h), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, together with the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports)
on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration
of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect
thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise
specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes
required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

13

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, except as set forth in the SEC Reports or on Schedule 3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence
or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred
any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to
GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting except as required
by GAAP, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased,
redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities
to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity incentive plans. The Company does not have pending
before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by
this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred
or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior
to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state,
county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i)
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(j),
there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving
the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities
Act.

14

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local
and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours,
except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(l) Compliance.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in material default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not
been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has
the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in material default under or that it is in violation of, any
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its
properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or
order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, is or has been in violation
of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal,
state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and
employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

15

(m)
Environmental Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal,
state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface
water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases
of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental
Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to
conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval
where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case, except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(o), free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect
the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company
and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor
in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held
under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired,
terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(p), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude
it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or
will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business as
described in the Pricing Prospectus and Prospectus.

16

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to the aggregate Subscription Amount. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage
expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase
in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of
the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including
any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal
property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any
officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other
than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations
promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
(such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations
as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

17

(t)
Certain Fees. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions
are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no
obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities
Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(w), the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from
any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the
foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently eligible
for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in
payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic
transfer.

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or
counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise
disclosed in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing
representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company
to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement
taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not
misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to
the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market
on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

18

(aa)
Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt
by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds
the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known
contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements
of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii)
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after
taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when
such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
(taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any
facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(aa) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding
secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess
of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other
contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys
consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection
or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due
under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to
any Indebtedness.

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such
returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

19

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) of the Disclosure Schedules. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2025.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers
is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(f) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified
term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales
or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively
impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative
transactions to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the
Common Stock, and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage
in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the
periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging activities
(if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging
activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any
of the Transaction Documents.

20

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement
of the Securities.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Medical
Device Product), such Medical Device Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed,
sold and/or marketed by the Company in material compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations
relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices,
good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports,
except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint,
or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance,
licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale
of, or the labeling and promotion of any Medical Device Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension,
or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Medical Device
Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production
at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction
with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties,
business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license
or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any
concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

21

(ii)
Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to
any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data
(including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of
it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not
been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable
laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such
IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards
to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with
industry standards and practices.

(jj)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years
were, to the knowledge of the Company, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and
regulations, including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679)
(collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate
steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection,
storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company
provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required
by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy
practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices,
as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number,
email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would
qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal
data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his
or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual
orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in
violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach
of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice
of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the
Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation
or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order,
decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability
under any Privacy Law.

22

(kk)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(ll)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(mm)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(nn)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

23

(oo)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the
ordinary course of its business.

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3),
(a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

24

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that neither
the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Purchaser with any information or advice with respect
to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes
any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public
information with respect to the Company which such Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the
Securities to such Purchaser, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to
such Purchaser.

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
pricing terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

25

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Shares and Warrant Shares. The Shares and Warrants shall be issued free of restrictive legends under the Securities Act. If all
or any portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance or resale
of the Warrant Shares or if the Warrant is exercised via cashless exercise, the Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall
be issued free of all legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement
registering the sale or resale of the Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale or resale of the Warrant
Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not then effective
and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for the sale or resale
of the Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company to issue, or any
Purchaser to sell, any of the Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). The Company shall use
best efforts to keep a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) registering the issuance or resale of the Warrant
Shares effective during the term of the Warrants.

4.2
Furnishing of Information. Until the earliest of the time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired
or been exercised in full, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company
is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

26

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including,
without limitation, the Placement Agent, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any
of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that
each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each
Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and
neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser
in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except
(a) as required by federal securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with
prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting
on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such
information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public
information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall
not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees,
Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade
on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent
that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the
Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant
in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

27

4.7
Use of Proceeds. Except as set forth in the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall use the net proceeds from
the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion
of the Companys debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of the Companys business and prior practices),
(b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in
violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this
Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of
them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position
of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent,
but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action
or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

28

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock
on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all
of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such
Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of
the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take
all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects
with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees
to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
[Reserved].

4.12
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into
any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii)
file any registration statement or amendment or supplement thereto, other than (x) the Prospectus, (y) filing a registration
statement on Form S-8 in connection with any employee benefit plan or (z) after thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, filing a universal
shelf registration statement on Form S-3.

(b)
From the date hereof until six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an
agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which
the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include
the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial
issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some
future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly
or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction
under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the
Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been
issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, after 90 days after
the Closing Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement
Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against
the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

29

4.14
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation,
warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section
4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance
with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced
pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty
not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
employees, Affiliates, or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby
separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge
of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set
forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision
to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.15
Capital Changes. Until the one year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock
split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in interest of the
Shares and Prefunded Warrants, other than a reverse stock split that is required, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors,
to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market.

4.16
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

30

4.17
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of any of the Lock-Up Agreements except
to extend the term of the lock-up period and shall enforce the provisions of each Lock-Up Agreement in accordance with its terms. If
any party to a Lock-Up Agreement breaches any provision of a Lock-Up Agreement, the Company shall promptly use its best efforts to seek
specific performance of the terms of such Lock-Up Agreement.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice
delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, the Pricing Prospectus and the
Prospectus, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New
York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if
sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

31

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares and Prefunded
Warrants based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case
of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or multiple Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or at least 50.1% in interest of such multiple Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to
any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any
subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party
to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately,
materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the
other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with
this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and
covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Purchasers in this Agreement. This
Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section
5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

32

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery
(including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic
Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, such signature shall be deemed
to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that, in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchasers right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchasers Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right).

33

5.14
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through EGS. EGS does not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company
has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because
it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in
this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and
the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

34

5.18
Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction
Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts
have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts
are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow)

35

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

DIH HOLDING US, INC.

Address
for Notice:

By: 

/s/ Jason Chen 

Name: Jason
Chen E-Mail:

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

With
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO DIH HOLDING US, INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory: _________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

Prefunded
Warrant Shares: ___________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

Common
Warrant Shares: ____________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN
Number: ___________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dhai-20250131.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dhai-20250131_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dhai-20250131_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock 

Warrants 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dhai-20250131_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Jan. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 31, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41250

Entity Registrant Name DIH
HOLDING US, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001883788

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1624542

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 77
Accord Park Drive;

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
D-1

Entity Address, City or Town Norwell

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02061

City Area Code 877

Local Phone Number 944-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock

Trading Symbol DHAI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants

Trading Symbol DHAIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DHAI_ClassCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=DHAI_WarrantsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://dih.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dhai-20250131.xsd 
dhai-20250131_def.xml 
dhai-20250131_lab.xml 
dhai-20250131_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-004925-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001883788 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0001883788 

DHAI:ClassCommonStockMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

0001883788 

DHAI:WarrantsMember 

2025-01-31 
2025-01-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001883788 
8-K 
2025-01-31 
DIH HOLDING US, INC. 
DE 
001-41250 
98-1624542 
77 Accord Park Drive; 
Suite D-1 
Norwell 
MA 
02061 
877 
944-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock 
DHAI 
NASDAQ 
Warrants 
DHAIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>