<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-082231.txt : 20250416
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-082231.hdr.sgml : 20250416
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250416090643
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-082231
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250416
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250416

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SolarWinds Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001739942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				810753267
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38711
		FILM NUMBER:		25841356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7171 SOUTHWEST PKWY., BLDG. 400
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5126829300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7171 SOUTHWEST PKWY., BLDG. 400
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78735

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SolarWinds Parent, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d938698d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

SolarWinds Corpfalse0001739942--12-3100017399422025-04-162025-04-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

April 16, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

SOLARWINDS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38711 81-0753267

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

7171 Southwest Parkway

Building 400

Austin, Texas 78735

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (512)682-9300

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value SWI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note 

On April 16, 2025, SolarWinds Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), completed the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among the Company, Starlight Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Parent), and Starlight Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent (Merger Sub). Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation). Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliates of the private equity investment firm Turn/River Capital, L.P. (Turn/River). 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01. 

Financing; New Credit Agreement 

Parent obtained equity and debt financing for the purpose of financing the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), Parent, as the borrower, and the Company, as a guarantor, entered into (i) that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2025, consisting of a first lien term facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to $2.225 billion and a revolving facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to $200.0 million, by and among Parent, Starlight MidCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Holdings), the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the other persons party thereto (the First Lien Credit Agreement); and (ii) that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2025, consisting of a second lien term facility in an aggregate principal amount equal to $525.0 million, by and among Parent, Holdings, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent and the other persons party thereto (the Second Lien Credit Agreement). 

Funds advised by Turn/River and certain other institutional equity co-investors (collectively, the Investor Group) capitalized Parent as of the Effective Time on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the equity commitment letters delivered by the applicable funds of the Investor Group. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.02. 

Concurrently with the completion of the Merger, the Company paid all outstanding fees and expenses and terminated all credit commitments outstanding under that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2016, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, by and among SolarWinds Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as borrower, SolarWinds Intermediate Holdings I, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as lenders, and the other parties identified therein. 

In addition, effective immediately prior to the Effective Time, that certain Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement dated as of October 18, 2018, as amended, by and among the Company and the stockholders party thereto was terminated by the requisite parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Company Common Stock) (other than (a) any shares for which appraisal rights have been properly demanded and perfected in accordance with Delaware law (collectively, the Dissenting Shares) and (b) any shares of Company Common Stock held by (i) the Company as treasury stock, (ii) Parent or any of its subsidiaries, including Merger Sub, or (iii) any of the Companys subsidiaries (other than, in each case, shares of Company Common Stock that are held in a fiduciary or agent capacity and are beneficially owned by third parties) (collectively, the Cancelled Shares)), was cancelled and converted into the right to receive $18.50 in cash, without interest thereon (the Per Share Merger Consideration). 

Treatment of Company Equity Awards 

Each option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (each, a Company Option) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was cancelled, and as consideration therefor, the former holder thereof received an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of each such Company Option; and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying such Company Option. Any Company Option for which the exercise price per share was equal to or greater than the Per Share Merger Consideration was cancelled and terminated without any consideration in respect thereof. 

Each award of restricted stock units of the Company granted pursuant to a fiscal year 2024 performance share unit agreement award (each, a Company PSU) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically cancelled and converted into the contingent right to receive an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company PSU (the Cash Replacement Company PSU). The Cash Replacement Company PSUs will, subject to the holders continued service through the applicable vesting dates, vest and be payable at the same time as the Company PSUs for which the Cash Replacement Company PSU was exchanged would have vested and been payable pursuant to their terms. The Cash Replacement Company PSUs will otherwise have the same time vesting and settlement terms and conditions as were applicable to the underlying Company PSUs immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for the terms rendered inoperative by reason of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement) with respect to the receipt of the Cash 

Replacement Company PSU Amount. For the purposes of the foregoing calculation, the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company PSU were calculated and determined based on the number of shares subject to such Company PSU (or portion thereof) that were eligible to vest (as determined by the Company in accordance with the applicable award agreement based on the attained performance level for such Company PSU), absent the cancellation of such Company PSU pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

Each (i) award of performance stock units granted pursuant to a performance share unit agreement of the Company outstanding immediately before the Effective Time that was once subject to performance-based vesting conditions and the applicable performance level with respect to which was determined prior to the Agreement Date (Company Earned PSUs); and (ii) award of restricted stock units of the Company (together with the Company Earned PSUs, the Company RSUs) that was, in each case, outstanding and vested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time or that vested in accordance with its terms as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (a Vested Company RSU) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company RSU. 

Each award of Company RSUs (or portion thereof) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time that was not a Vested Company RSU (an Unvested Company RSU) was, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, automatically cancelled and converted into a contingent a right to receive an amount in cash (without interest and subject to deduction for any required withholding tax) equal to the product of (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU (the Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount). The Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount will, subject to the holders continued service through the applicable vesting dates, vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company RSUs for which the Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount was exchanged would have vested and been payable pursuant to their terms. Any Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount will otherwise remain subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the underlying Unvested Company RSUs immediately prior to the Effective Time (except for the terms rendered inoperative by reason of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement). 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was included as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on February 7, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01 and 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

In connection with the completion of the Merger, the Company notified the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on April 16, 2025 that the Merger had been completed, and the Company requested that NYSE file a Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on Form 25 with the SEC to delist the Company Common Stock from the NYSE and deregister the Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. 

The Company Common Stock ceased trading on the NYSE effective prior to the opening of trading on April 16, 2025. After effectiveness of the Form 25, the Company intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration on Form 15 requesting the deregistration of the Company Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.01, 5.01 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and in connection with the completion of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than the Dissenting Shares and the Cancelled Shares) was automatically cancelled and converted, at the Effective Time, into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, the holders of such Company Common Stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of the Company, other than the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01, 3.03 and 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the completion of the Merger on April 16, 2025, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The total amount of consideration payable to the Companys stockholders in connection with the Merger was approximately $3.206 billion. The funds used by Parent to consummate the Merger and complete the related transactions came from equity contributions from the Investor Group and the proceeds received in connection with the debt financing arrangements contemplated by the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Second Lien Credit Agreement. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, effective upon completion of the Merger, each of Sudhakar Ramakrishna, Cathleen Benko, William Bock, Kenneth Hao, Dennis Howard, Catherine Kinney, Doug Smith, Easwaran Sundaram and Michael Widmann resigned from the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and any committees of the Board on which they served and ceased to be directors of the Company. These resignations were not a result of any disagreements between the Company and the resigning directors on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices. Also in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, effective upon completion of the Merger the following persons became directors of the Surviving Corporation: Sudhakar Ramakrishna, Dominic Ang, Chase Sorgel, Matt Amico, and Alvin Ang. 

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the officers of the Company immediately prior to the completion of the Merger will continue to be the officers of the Surviving Corporation. 

Effective as of the Effective Time, the Company terminated the Companys 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and under Items 2.01 and 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Merger, was amended and restated to be in the form of the certificate of incorporation attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Effective upon completion of the Merger, the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company were amended and restated to be in the form of the bylaws attached as Exhibit 3.2 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On April 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Merger. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

2.1* Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among Starlight Parent, LLC, Starlight Merger Sub, Inc., and SolarWinds Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2025). 

3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SolarWinds Corporation. 

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of SolarWinds Corporation. 

99.1 Press Release, dated April 16, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Certain exhibits and schedules to the Merger Agreement have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SOLARWINDS CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Lewis W. Black

Name: Lewis W. Black

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: April 16, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d938698dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

SOLARWINDS
CORPORATION 

ARTICLE ONE 

The name of the corporation is SolarWinds Corporation (hereinafter called the Corporation). 

ARTICLE TWO 

The address
of the Corporations registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The
Corporation Trust Company. 

ARTICLE THREE 

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as it now exists or may hereafter be amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the DGCL). 

ARTICLE FOUR 

The total
number of shares which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is one thousand (1,000), all of which shall be shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Each holder of record of common stock shall be entitled to vote at
all meetings of the stockholders and shall have one vote for each share held by such holder of record. The common stock authorized by this Article Four shall be issued for such consideration (if any) as shall be fixed, from time to time, by the
board of directors of the Corporation (the Board). No stockholder of the Corporation shall have any preemptive rights by virtue of this Certificate of Incorporation. The capital stock of the Corporation shall not be assessable for
any purpose, and no stock issued as fully paid shall ever be assessable or assessed. No stockholder of the Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be individually liable for the debts or liabilities of the Corporation.

ARTICLE FIVE 

In
furtherance and not in limitation of the rights, powers, privileges and discretionary authority granted or conferred by the DGCL or other statutes or laws of the State of Delaware, the Board, by a vote of the majority of the Board, is expressly
authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws), without any action on the part of the stockholders, but the stockholders by a vote of a majority of the stockholders may make, alter, amend or
repeal the Bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise. The Corporation may in its Bylaws confer powers upon its Board in addition to the foregoing and in addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred upon the Board by applicable law.

ARTICLE SIX 

The
Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. 

ARTICLE SEVEN 

The Corporation eliminates the personal liability of each director and officer of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL
or other statutes or laws of the State of Delaware, as hereinafter amended or supplemented. No amendment or supplement to or repeal of this Article Seven shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any
director or officer for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director or officer, as applicable, occurring prior to such amendment, supplement or repeal. If the DGCL is amended or supplemented after the date hereof to authorize
corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the liability of a director or officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or other
statutes or laws of the State of Delaware, as hereinafter amended or supplemented. 

ARTICLE EIGHT 

Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of Article Seven by the stockholders of the Corporation, or the adoption of any
provision of the Corporations Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with Article Seven, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time
of, or increase the liability of any director of the Corporation with respect to any acts or omissions of such director or officer occurring prior to any such repeal or modification of Article Seven or any such adoption of an inconsistent
provision. 

ARTICLE NINE 

SECTION 1. Definitions. For purposes of this Article Nine: 

(a) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is serving or has served (i) as a Director of the
Corporation, (ii) as an Officer of the Corporation, (iii) as a Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation, or (iv) as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of any other
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, foundation, association, organization or other legal entity which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation. For purposes of this
Section 1(a), a Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee of the Corporation who is serving or has served as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of a Subsidiary
shall be deemed to be serving at the request of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Corporate Status shall not include the status of a person who is serving or has served as a director, officer, employee or agent of a
constituent corporation absorbed in a merger or consolidation transaction with the Corporation with respect to such persons activities prior to said transaction, unless specifically authorized by the Board or the stockholders of the
Corporation; 

(b) Disinterested Director means, with respect to each Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought hereunder, a Director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to such Proceeding; 

(c) Expenses means all reasonable, documented and out-of-pocket attorneys fees, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of expert witnesses, private investigators and professional advisors (including, without
limitation, accountants and investment bankers), travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, costs of preparation of demonstrative evidence and other courtroom presentation aids and devices, costs incurred in connection with
document review, organization, imaging and computerization, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements, costs or expenses of the type customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to
prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settling or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding; 

(d)
Liabilities means judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties, excise taxes, fines and amounts paid in settlement; 

(e) Non-Officer Employee means any person who serves or has served as an employee
or agent of the Corporation, but who is not or was not a Director or Officer; 

(f) Officer means any person who serves
or has served the Corporation as an officer of the Corporation appointed by the Board; 

(g) Proceeding means any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, inquiry, investigation, administrative hearing or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative; and 

(h) Subsidiary shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other entity of
which the Corporation owns (either directly or through or together with another Subsidiary of the Corporation) either (i) a general partner, managing member or other similar interest or (ii) (A) fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting
power of the voting capital equity interests of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, or (B) fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting capital stock or other voting equity interests
of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity. 

SECTION 2. Indemnification of Directors
and Officers. 

(a) Each Director and Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent
authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the
Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), and to the extent authorized in this Section 2. 

(1) Actions, Suits and Proceedings Other than By or In the Right of the Corporation. Each Director and Officer shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred or paid by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in connection with any Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter therein (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or Officers Corporate Status;
provided that, with respect to each Officer, such right to indemnification shall be owed only if such Officer acted in good faith and in a manner such Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. 

(2) Actions, Suits and Proceedings By or In the Right of the
Corporation. Each Director and Officer shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation against any and all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred by such Director or Officer or on such Directors or Officers behalf in
connection with any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein by or in the right of the Corporation, which such Director or Officer is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or participant in by reason of such Directors or
Officers Corporate Status; provided that, with respect to each Officer, such right to indemnification shall be owed only if such Officer acted in good faith and in a manner such Officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Corporation and no indemnification shall be made under this Section 2(a)(2) in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such Officer shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be liable to the Corporation, unless, and only to the extent that, the Court of Chancery or another court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite adjudication of liability, but in view of
all the circumstances of the case, such Officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses that such court deems proper.

(3) Survival of Rights. The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 2 shall
continue as to a Director or Officer after he or she has ceased to be a Director or Officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors, administrators and personal representatives. 

(4) Actions by Directors or Officers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall indemnify any Director or
Officer seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director or Officer only if such Proceeding was authorized or consented to by the Board, unless such Proceeding was brought to enforce such Officers or
Directors rights to indemnification or, in the case of Directors, advancement of Expenses in accordance with the provisions set forth herein. 

SECTION 3. Indemnification of Non-Officer Employees. Subject to the operation of
Section 3 of this Article Nine, each Non-Officer Employee may, in the discretion of the Board, be indemnified by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL,
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against any or all Expenses and Liabilities that are incurred by such Non-Officer Employee or on such Non-Officer
Employees behalf in connection with any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, or any claim, issue or matter therein, which such Non-Officer Employee is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or
participant in by reason of such Non-Officer Employees Corporate Status, if such Non-Officer Employee acted in good faith and in a manner such Non-Officer Employee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was
unlawful. The rights of indemnification provided by this Section 3 shall exist as to a Non-Officer Employee after he or she has ceased to be a
Non-Officer Employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may indemnify any Non-Officer Employee seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Non-Officer Employee only if such Proceeding was authorized in advance by the
Board. 

SECTION 4. Determination. Unless ordered by a court, no indemnification shall be
provided pursuant to this Article Nine to a Non-Officer Employee unless a determination shall have been made that such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, such person had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Such determination shall be made by (a) a majority vote of the
Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (b) a committee comprised of Disinterested Directors, such committee having been designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (even though less than a
quorum), (c) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of Disinterested Directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (d) by the stockholders of the Corporation. 

SECTION 5. Advancement of Expenses to Directors Prior to Final Disposition. 

(a) The Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director in connection with any Proceeding in which such
Director is involved by reason of such Directors Corporate Status within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a written statement from such Director requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior
to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Director and shall be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such Director to repay any
Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Director is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall advance all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Director
seeking advancement of expenses hereunder in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such Director only if such Proceeding (including any parts of such Proceeding not initiated by such Director) was (i) authorized by the Board, or
(ii) brought to enforce such Directors rights to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

(b) If a claim for advancement of Expenses hereunder by a Director is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the Corporation of documentation of Expenses and the required undertaking, such Director may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and if successful in whole or in part, such
Director shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. The failure of the Corporation (including its Board or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination
concerning the permissibility of such advancement of Expenses under this Article Nine shall not be a defense to an action brought by a Director for recovery of the unpaid amount of an advancement claim and shall not create a presumption that
such advancement is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director is not entitled to an advancement of expenses shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation
shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Director has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

SECTION 6. Advancement of Expenses to Officers and
Non-Officer Employees Prior to Final Disposition. 

(a) The Corporation may, at the discretion
of the Board, advance any or all Expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Officer or any Non-Officer Employee in connection with any Proceeding in which such person is involved by reason of his or her
Corporate Status as an Officer or Non-Officer Employee upon the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from such Officer or Non-Officer Employee
requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses incurred by such Officer or
Non-Officer Employee and shall be preceded or accompanied by an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay any Expenses so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Officer or Non-Officer Employee is not entitled to be indemnified against such Expenses. 

(b) In any suit brought
by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that the Officer or
Non-Officer Employee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. 

SECTION 7. Contractual Nature of Rights. 

(a) The provisions of this Article Nine shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each Director
and Officer entitled to the benefits hereof at any time while this Article Nine is in effect, in consideration of such persons past or current and any future performance of services for the Corporation. Neither
amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article Nine inconsistent with this Article Nine shall eliminate or reduce any right conferred by this
Article Nine in respect of any act or omission occurring, or any cause of action or claim that accrues or arises or any state of facts existing, at the time of or before such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption of
an inconsistent provision (even in the case of a proceeding based on such a state of facts that is commenced after such time), and all rights to indemnification and advancement of Expenses granted herein or arising out of any act or omission shall
vest at the time of the act or omission in question, regardless of when or if any proceeding with respect to such act or omission is commenced. The rights to indemnification and to advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this
Article Nine shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a Director or Officer and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributes of such person. 

(b) If a claim for indemnification (following final disposition of such Proceeding) or advancement of Expenses hereunder by a Director or
Officer is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Corporation of a written claim for indemnification or advancement of Expenses, such Director or Officer may at any time thereafter bring suit against the
Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim, and if successful in whole or in part, pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, such Director or Officer shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. The
failure of the Corporation (including its Board or any committee thereof, independent legal counsel, or stockholders) to make a determination concerning the permissibility of such indemnification under this Article Nine shall not be a defense
to an action brought by a Director or Officer for recovery of the unpaid amount of an indemnification claim and shall not create a presumption that such indemnification is not permissible. The burden of proving that a Director or Officer is not
entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses shall be on the Corporation. 

(c) In any suit brought by a Director or Officer to enforce a right to indemnification
hereunder, it shall be a defense that such Director or Officer has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL, but the burden of proving that a Director or Officer is not entitled to indemnification or advance of
Expenses shall be on the Corporation. 

SECTION 8. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights to
indemnification and to advancement of Expenses set forth in this Article Nine shall not be exclusive of any other right which any Director, Officer, or Non-Officer Employee may have or hereafter acquire
under any statute, provision of this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise. 

SECTION 9. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee against any liability of any character asserted against or incurred by the Corporation or any such Director, Officer or Non-Officer Employee, or arising
out of any such persons Corporate Status, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the DGCL or the provisions of this Article Nine. 

SECTION 10. Other Indemnification. Subject to any other right which any Director, Officer or
Non-Officer Employee may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or
otherwise to the contrary, the Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify or provide advancement of Expenses to any person under this Article Nine as a result of such person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director,
partner, trustee, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification or advancement of Expenses
from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or enterprise (the Primary Indemnitor). Subject to any other right which any Director, Officer or
Non-Officer Employee may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or
otherwise to the contrary, any indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Article Nine owed by the Corporation as a result of a person serving, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, partner, trustee, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall only be in excess of, and shall be secondary to, the indemnification or advancement of Expenses available from the applicable Primary
Indemnitor(s) and any applicable insurance policies. 

ARTICLE TEN 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Delaware Court of Chancery shall be the sole and
exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the
Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to
such Delaware Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be
deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article Ten. 

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provisions contained in this Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation from time to time and at any time in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and all rights conferred upon stockholders and directors are granted subject to such reservation. 

* * * * *
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d938698dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 

OF 

SOLARWINDS
CORPORATION 

SECTION 1. LAW, CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS 

1.1. These Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (these Bylaws) of SolarWinds Corporation (the
Corporation) are subject to the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation (as may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or modified from time to time, the
Certificate). In these Bylaws, references to law, the Certificate and Bylaws mean the law, the provisions of the Certificate and the Bylaws as from time to time in effect. 

SECTION 2. STOCKHOLDERS 

2.1. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting shall be held each year at such date and time, within or without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors shall determine. 

2.2. Special Meetings. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, if any, the
president, if any, or the board of directors. A special meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the secretary, or in the case of the death, absence, incapacity or refusal of the secretary, by an assistant secretary or some other officer, upon
application of a majority of the directors. Any such application shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Any such call shall state the place, date, hour, and purposes of the meeting. 

2.3. Place of Meeting. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such
place within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. Any adjourned session of any meeting of the stockholders shall be held at the place designated in the vote of adjournment. 

2.4. Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, a written notice of each meeting of stockholders stating the place, day
and hour thereof and, in the case of a special meeting, the purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, and to each stockholder
who, by law, by the Certificate or by these Bylaws, is entitled to notice, by leaving such notice with him or at his residence or usual place of business, or by depositing it in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to such
stockholder at his address as it appears in the records of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the
manner provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Such notice shall be given by the secretary, or by an officer or person designated by the board of directors, or in the case of a special meeting by the
officer calling the meeting. As to any adjourned session of any meeting of stockholders, notice of the adjourned meeting need not be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken except that if
the adjournment is for more than thirty days or if after the adjournment a new record date is 

set for the adjourned session, notice of any such adjourned session of the meeting shall be given in the manner heretofore described. No notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjourned
session thereof need be given to a stockholder if a written waiver of notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by such stockholder, given before or after the meeting or such adjourned session by such stockholder, is filed with the records of
the meeting or if the stockholder attends such meeting without objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the
purpose of, any meeting of the stockholders or any adjourned session thereof need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 

2.5.
Quorum of Stockholders. At any meeting of the stockholders a quorum as to any matter shall consist of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except where a larger quorum is required by law, by the Certificate or by these
Bylaws. Any meeting may be adjourned from time to time by a majority of the votes properly cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is present. If a quorum is present at an original meeting, a quorum need not be present at an adjourned
session of that meeting. Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the
Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of any corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a
fiduciary capacity. 

2.6. Action by Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a plurality of the votes properly cast for
election to any office shall elect to such office and a majority of the votes properly cast upon any question other than an election to an office shall decide the question, except when a larger vote is required by law, by the Certificate or by these
Bylaws. No ballot shall be required for any election unless requested by a stockholder present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election. 

2.7. Action without Meetings. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate, any action required or permitted to be taken by
stockholders for or in connection with any corporate action may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of
outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by
delivery to its registered office in Delaware by hand or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of
meetings of stockholders are recorded. Each such written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless written
consents signed by a number of stockholders sufficient to take such action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner specified in this paragraph within sixty days of the earliest dated consent so delivered. 

If action is taken by consent of stockholders and in accordance with the foregoing, there shall be filed with the records of the meetings of
stockholders the writing or writings comprising such consent. 

2 

If action is taken by less than unanimous consent of stockholders, prompt notice of the
taking of such action without a meeting shall be given to those who have not consented in writing. 

In the event that the action which is
consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, if such action had been voted upon by the stockholders at a meeting thereof, the certificate filed
under such provision shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such provision concerning a vote of stockholders, that written consent has been given under Section 228 of said General Corporation Law and that written notice has been
given as provided in such Section 228. 

2.8. Proxy Representation. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons
to act for him by proxy in all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, objecting to or voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy
must be signed by the stockholder or by his attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a
longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless
of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally. The authorization of a proxy may but need not be limited to specified action, provided, however, that if a proxy limits
its authorization to a meeting or meetings of stockholders, unless otherwise specifically provided such proxy shall entitle the holder thereof to vote at any adjourned session but shall not be valid after the final adjournment thereof. 

2.9. Inspectors. The directors or the person presiding at the meeting may, and shall if required by applicable law, appoint one or more
inspectors of election and any substitute inspectors to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at
such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the
existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents,
determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question or
matter determined by them and execute a certificate of any fact found by them. 

2.10. List of Stockholders. The secretary shall
prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares
registered in his name. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are stockholders entitled to examine such list or to vote in person or by proxy at such meeting. 

3 

SECTION 3. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

3.1. Number. The Corporation shall have one or more directors, the number of directors to be determined from time to time by vote of a
majority of the directors then in office. Except in connection with the election of directors at the annual meeting of stockholders, the number of directors may be decreased only to eliminate vacancies by reason of death, resignation or removal of
one or more directors. No director need be a stockholder. 

3.2. Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate or
by these Bylaws, each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. There shall be no limitation on how many terms a
director can serve, except as provided by law. 

3.3. Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or
under the direction of the board of directors who shall have and may exercise all the powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Certificate or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by
the stockholders. 

3.4. Vacancies. Vacancies and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of
directors may be filled by vote of the holders of the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such director at a meeting called for the purpose, or by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a
sole remaining director, in each case elected by the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such directors. When one or more directors shall resign from the board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in
office, including those who have resigned, who were elected by the particular class or series of stock entitled to elect such resigning director or directors shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote or action by writing thereon
to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective. The directors shall have and may exercise all their powers notwithstanding the existence of one or more vacancies in their number, subject to any requirements of law or of
the Certificate or of these Bylaws as to the number of directors required for a quorum or for any vote or other actions. 

3.5.
Committees. The board of directors may, by vote of a majority of the whole board, (a) designate, change the membership of or terminate the existence of any committee or committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the
directors; (b) designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee; and (c) determine the extent to which each such committee shall
have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, including the power to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which require it and the power and
authority to declare dividends or to authorize the issuance of stock; excepting, however, such powers which by law, by the Certificate or by these Bylaws they are prohibited from so delegating. In the absence or disqualification of any member of
such committee and his alternate, if any, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Except as the board of directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the board or such rules, its
business shall be conducted as nearly as may be in the same manner as is provided by these Bylaws for the conduct of business by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of
directors upon request. 

4 

3.6. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without
call or notice at such places within or without the State of Delaware and at such times as the board may from time to time determine, provided that notice of the first regular meeting following any such determination shall be given to absent
directors. A regular meeting of the directors may be held without call or notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders. 

3.7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors may be held at any time and at any place within or without the State
of Delaware designated in the notice of the meeting, when called by the chairman of the board, if any, the president, or by one-third or more in number of the directors, reasonable notice thereof being given
to each director by the secretary or by the chairman of the board, if any, the president or any one of the directors calling the meeting. 

3.8. Notice. It shall be reasonable and sufficient notice to a director to send notice by mail at least forty-eight hours or by
telegram at least twenty-four hours before the meeting addressed to him at his usual or last known business or residence address, by electronic communication or facsimile transmission at least twenty-four hours before the meeting addressed to him at
his usual e-mail address or fax number or to give notice to him in person or by telephone at least twenty-four hours before the meeting. Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director if a written
waiver of notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by such director, given by him before or after the meeting, is filed with the records of the meeting, or to any director who attends the meeting without protesting prior thereto or at its
commencement the lack of notice to him. Neither notice of a meeting nor a waiver of a notice need specify the purposes of the meeting. 

3.9. Quorum. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate or by these Bylaws, at any meeting of the directors a
majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum; a quorum shall not in any case be less than one-third of the total number of directors constituting the whole board. Any meeting may be
adjourned from time to time by a majority of the votes cast upon the question, whether or not a quorum is present, and the meeting may be held as adjourned without further notice. 

3.10. Action by Vote. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate or by these Bylaws, when a quorum is present at
any meeting the vote of a majority of the directors present shall be the act of the board of directors. 

3.11. Action Without a
Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or a committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all the members of the board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in
writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the records of the meetings of the board or of such committee. Such consent shall be treated for all purposes as the act of the board or
of such committee, as the case may be. 

3.12. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone. Members of the board of directors,
or any committee designated by such board, may participate in a meeting of such board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other or
by any other means permitted by law. Such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

5 

3.13. Compensation. In the discretion of the board of directors, each director may be
paid such fees for his services as director and be reimbursed for his reasonable expenses incurred in the performance of his duties as director as the board of directors from time to time may determine. Nothing contained in this section shall be
construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving reasonable compensation therefor. 

3.14. Interested Directors and Officers. 

(a) No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other
corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the Corporations directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely
because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the board or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: 

(1) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the board of
directors or the committee, and the board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or 

(2) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders
entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or 

(3) The
contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified, by the board of directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. 

(b) Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the board of directors or of a
committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 

SECTION 4. OFFICERS 

4.1. Enumeration; Qualification. The officers of the Corporation shall be a president, a treasurer, a secretary and such other
officers, if any, as the board of directors from time to time may in its discretion elect or appoint including without limitation a chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents and a controller. The Corporation may also have such agents, if
any, as the board of directors from time to time may in its discretion choose. Any officer may be but none need be a director or stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may be required by the board of
directors to secure the faithful performance of his duties to the Corporation by giving bond in such amount and with sureties or otherwise as the board of directors may determine. 

6 

4.2. Powers. Subject to law, to the Certificate and to the other provisions of these
Bylaws, each officer shall have, in addition to the duties and powers herein set forth, such duties and powers as are commonly incident to his office and such additional duties and powers as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

4.3. Election. The officers may be elected by the board of directors at their first meeting following the annual meeting of the
stockholders or at any other time. At any time or from time to time the directors may delegate to any officer their power to elect or appoint any other officer or any agents. 

4.4. Tenure. Each officer shall hold office until the first meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of the
stockholders and until his respective successor is chosen and qualified unless a shorter period shall have been specified by the terms of his election or appointment, or in each case until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified.
There shall be no limit on how many terms an official can serve, except as provided by law. Each agent shall retain his authority at the pleasure of the directors, or the officer by whom he was appointed or by the officer who then holds agent
appointive power. 

4.5. Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Vice President. The chairman of the board, if any, shall
have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors. Unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, the chairman of the board, or if there is none the chief executive officer, shall preside, or
designate the person who shall preside, at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors. 

Unless the board of directors
otherwise specifies, the president shall be the chief executive officer and shall have direct charge of all business operations of the Corporation and, subject to the control of the directors, shall have general charge and supervision of the
business of the Corporation. 

Any vice presidents shall have such duties and powers as shall be set forth in these Bylaws or as shall be
designated from time to time by the board of directors or by the president. 

4.6. Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. Unless the
board of directors otherwise specifies, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation and shall be in charge of its funds and valuable papers, and shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to time
by the board of directors or by the president. If no controller is elected, the treasurer shall, unless the board of directors otherwise specifies, also have the duties and powers of the controller. 

Any assistant treasurers shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors, the president
or the treasurer. 

4.7. Controller and Assistant Controllers. If a controller is elected, he shall, unless the board of directors
otherwise specifies, be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation and be in charge of its books of account and accounting records, and of its accounting procedures. He shall have such other duties and powers as may be designated from time to
time by the board of directors, the president or the treasurer. 

7 

Any assistant controller shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time
to time by the board of directors, the president, the treasurer or the controller. 

4.8. Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The
secretary shall record all proceedings of the stockholders, of the board of directors and of committees of the board of directors in a book or series of books to be kept therefor and shall file therein all actions by written consent of stockholders
or directors. In the absence of the secretary from any meeting, an assistant secretary, or if there be none or he is absent, a temporary secretary chosen at the meeting, shall record the proceedings thereof. Unless a transfer agent has been
appointed the secretary shall keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer records of the Corporation, which shall contain the names and record addresses of all stockholders and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. He
shall have such other duties and powers as may from time to time be designated by the board of directors or the president. 

Any assistant
secretaries shall have such duties and powers as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors, the president or the secretary. 

SECTION 5. RESIGNATIONS AND REMOVALS 

5.1. Any director or officer may resign at any time by delivering his resignation in writing to the chairman of the board, if any, the
president, or the secretary or to a meeting of the board of directors. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless specified to be effective at some other time, and without in either case the necessity of its being accepted unless the
resignation shall so state. Except as may be otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate or by these Bylaws, a director (including persons elected by stockholders or directors to fill vacancies in the board) may be removed from office with or
without cause by the vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the particular class or series entitled to vote in the election of such directors. The board of directors may at any time remove any officer either with
or without cause. The board of directors may at any time terminate or modify the authority of any agent. 

SECTION 6. VACANCIES

6.1. If the office of the president or the treasurer or the secretary becomes vacant, the directors may elect a successor by vote of
a majority of the directors then in office. If the office of any other officer becomes vacant, any person or body empowered to elect or appoint that officer may choose a successor. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term, and in
the case of the president, the treasurer and the secretary until his successor is chosen and qualified or in each case until he sooner dies, resigns, is removed or becomes disqualified. Any vacancy of a directorship shall be filled as specified in
Section 3.4 of these Bylaws. 

SECTION 7. CAPITAL STOCK 

7.1. Certificates for Shares. Unless otherwise provided by the board of directors, shares of stock of the Corporation shall be
certificated. Certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation, if any, will be in the form approved by the board of directors. The certificates must be signed by two authorized officers. Any and all signatures on the certificates may be a
facsimile and may be sealed with the Corporation seal or a facsimile thereof. If any officer, transfer agent or registrar 

8 

who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, a certificate has ceased to be an officer, transfer agent or registrar before the certificate is issued, the certificate may be
issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The board of directors may provide by resolution(s) that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock will
be uncertificated shares. However, any such resolution will not apply to shares represented by a certificate until that certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. 

7.2. Loss of Certificates. In the case of the alleged theft, loss, destruction or mutilation of a certificate of stock, a duplicate
certificate may be issued in place thereof, upon such terms, including receipt of a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim on account thereof, as the board of directors may prescribe. 

SECTION 8. TRANSFER OF SHARES OF STOCK 

8.1. Transfer on Books. Subject to the restrictions, if any, stated or noted on the stock certificate, shares of stock may be
transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate therefor properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment and power of attorney properly executed, with necessary
transfer stamps affixed, and with such proof of the authenticity of signature as the board of directors or the transfer agent of the Corporation may reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate or by these
Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to receive notice and to vote or to give any consent
with respect thereto and to be held liable for such calls and assessments, if any, as may lawfully be made thereon, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been properly transferred on the books of
the Corporation. 

It shall be the duty of each stockholder to notify the Corporation of his post office address. 

8.2. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of
stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall
not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If no such record date is fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

9 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which date shall not
be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors. If no such record date has been fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board of directors is required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the
action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware by hand or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to its principal place of business or to an officer or agent of
the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors and prior action by the board of directors is required by the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution taking
such prior action. 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not
precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty days prior to such payment, exercise or other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining
stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

SECTION 9. CORPORATE SEAL 

9.1. Subject to alteration by the directors, the seal of the Corporation shall consist of a flat-faced circular die with the word
Delaware and the name of the Corporation cut or engraved thereon, together with such other words, dates or images as may be approved from time to time by the directors. 

SECTION 10. EXECUTION OF PAPERS 

10.1. Except as the board of directors may generally or in particular cases authorize the execution thereof in some other manner, all deeds,
leases, transfers, contracts, bonds, notes, checks, drafts or other obligations made, accepted or endorsed by the Corporation shall be signed by the chairman of the board, if any, the president, a vice president or the treasurer. 

SECTION 11. FISCAL YEAR 

11.1. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last day of December, or such other date as determined by the board of directors.

SECTION 12. AMENDMENTS 

12.1. These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by vote of a majority of the directors then in office or by vote of a majority of the
voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Any by-law, whether adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders or directors, may be amended or reinstated by the stockholders or the directors.

10 

ADOPTED APRIL 16, 2025 

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d938698dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Press Release

Turn/River
Completes Acquisition of SolarWinds 

SolarWinds shareholders receive $18.50 per share in cash, with a total enterprise value of $4.4 billion;
SolarWinds becomes a privately held company upon completion of the transaction 

AUSTIN, TEXAS April 16, 2025 SolarWinds
Corporation (SolarWinds or the Company), a leading provider of simple, powerful, secure observability and IT management software, today announced the closing of its acquisition by Turn/River Capital. The transaction is valued
at approximately $4.4 billion, with SolarWinds stockholders receiving $18.50 per share in cash. With the closing of the transaction, SolarWinds common stock has ceased trading, and the Company is no longer listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

With Turn/River as our new owner, we remain committed to continuing our tradition of helping customers transform their businesses through simple,
powerful, and secure solutions for hybrid and multi-cloud environments. We are excited to provide operational resilience on our SolarWinds Platform by utilizing our observability, monitoring, and service desk solutions, said Sudhakar
Ramakrishna, President and CEO of SolarWinds. This successful transaction and partnership highlight our employees exceptional work in building solutions and delivering customer success, said Ramakrishna. We believe
Turn/Rivers expertise will help SolarWinds drive innovation and deliver greater value to customers and stakeholders. 

With the recent
launch of next-generation solutions that integrate observability, incident response, service management, and AI-powered automation, SolarWinds is redefining what it means to achieve operational resilience in
complex hybrid IT environments, said Matthew Amico, Partner at Turn/River Capital. We are excited to partner with SolarWinds to build on this momentum, investing further in product innovation and empowering organizations worldwide to
thrive in an era of rapid technological change. 

Advisors 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as the lead financial advisor to SolarWinds, Jefferies LLC also acted as a financial advisor to SolarWinds, and DLA
Piper LLP (US) acted as SolarWinds legal counsel. J.P. Morgan, Barclays, Santander, and RBC Capital Markets acted as financial advisors to Turn/River, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as legal counsel for Turn/River. 

About SolarWinds

SolarWinds is a leading provider of
simple, powerful, secure observability and IT management software built to enable customers to accelerate their digital transformation. Our solutions provide organizations worldwideregardless of type, size, or complexitywith a
comprehensive and unified view of todays modern, distributed, and hybrid network environments. We continuously engage with IT service and operations professionals, DevOps and SecOps professionals, and database administrators (DBAs) to
understand the challenges they face in maintaining high-performing and highly available hybrid IT infrastructures, applications, and 

7171 Southwest Parkway,
Building 400 Austin, Texas 78735 t: 866.530.8100 solarwinds.com 

environments. The insights we gain from them, in places like our THWACK community, allow us to address customers needs now and in the future. Our
focus on the user and our commitment to excellence in end-to-end hybrid IT management have established SolarWinds as a worldwide leader in solutions for observability,
IT service management, application performance, and database management. Learn more today at www.solarwinds.com. 

About Turn/River
Capital 

Turn/River Capital is a private equity firm that applies a proprietary growth engineering strategy to investing, partnering with software
businesses to accelerate growth and build enduring value. The firms team of equal parts investors and operators provides hands-on operational support and the flexible capital to systematically scale
marketing, sales and customer success at its portfolio companies. Founded in 2012 and based in San Francisco, Turn/River invests globally with a focus on North America and Europe. For more information, visit www.turnriver.com. 

#SWIfinancials 

#SWIcorporate 

#SWI

2025 SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC. All rights reserved. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release
contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on managements beliefs and assumptions and on
information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, expect,
will, estimate, continue, may, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms or other similar terms or expressions that concern the Companys expectations, strategy, plans or intentions.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, (i) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted relating to the transaction, the parties
thereto, or their respective directors, managers or officers, including the effects of any outcomes related thereto, (ii) the Companys ability to retain, hire and integrate skilled personnel including the Companys senior management
team and maintain relationships with key business partners and customers, and others with whom it does business, in light of the transaction, (iii) unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the transaction; (iv) the impact of
adverse general and industry-specific economic and market conditions, (v) risks caused by delays in upturns or downturns being reflected in the Companys financial position and results of operations, (vi) risks that the benefits of
the transaction are not realized when and as expected, and (vii) other factors described under the heading Risk Factors in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024. The Company cautions you that the important factors referenced above may not contain all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, the Company cannot assure you that the Company will realize the results or
developments expected or anticipated or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect the Company or the Companys operations in the way the Company expects. The forward-looking statements included in this
press release are made only as of the date hereof. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, the Company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise. 

Media Contacts 

Jenne Barbour Christine Elswick 

SolarWinds Highwire 

+1-512-498-6804 +1-415-671-9707 

pr@solarwinds.com christine@highwirepr.com 

Investor Contacts 

SolarWinds Investor Relations 

ir@solarwinds.com 

For Turn/River 

Carlos Roig 

Clear Hill Strategies 

+1-415-305-6590

media@turnriver.com

7171 Southwest Parkway,
Building 400 Austin, Texas 78735 t: 866.530.8100 solarwinds.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>swi-20250416.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>swi-20250416_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>swi-20250416_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g938698g84a57.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name SolarWinds Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001739942

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 16, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38711

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-0753267

Entity Address, Address Line One 7171 Southwest Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Building 400

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78735

City Area Code (512)

Local Phone Number 682-9300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol SWI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.solarwinds.com//20250416/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d938698d8k.htm 
swi-20250416.xsd 
swi-20250416_lab.xml 
swi-20250416_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-082231-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d938698d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001739942 

2025-04-16 
2025-04-16 

SolarWinds Corp 
false 
0001739942 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-16 
DE 
001-38711 
81-0753267 
7171 Southwest Parkway 
Building 400 
Austin 
TX 
78735 
(512) 
682-9300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
SWI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>