<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001062993-25-000249.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001062993-25-000249.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103172001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-25-000249
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250103
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sphere 3D Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591956
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				981220792
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36532
		FILM NUMBER:		25507892

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		243 TRESSER BLVD, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-749-5999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		243 TRESSER BLVD, 17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sphere 3D Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131114
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Sphere 3D Corp.: Form 8-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

false2025-01-030001591956Sphere 3D Corp.00015919562025-01-032025-01-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

___________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 3, 2025

SPHERE 3D CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ontario, Canada
001-36532 98-1220792

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

243 Tresser Blvd, 17th Floor

Stamford, Connecticut, United States06901

(Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (647) 952 5049

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares ANY NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b -2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

January 3, 2025, Sphere 3D Corp. (the "Company"), entered into a Sales Agreement (the "Agreement") with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the "Sales Agent"). In accordance with the terms of the Agreement, the Company may offer and sell from time to time through or to the Sales Agent, as agent or principal, the Company's Common Shares having an aggregate offering price of up to $8,000,000 (the "Placement Shares"). The Placement Shares will be offered and sold pursuant to the Company's registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (Registration No. 333-269663) and the related base prospectus included in the registration statement, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated January 3, 2025.

The Company expects that any proceeds received from the facility will be used primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes and in furtherance of the Companys corporate strategy which may include to accelerate efficiency, for the purchase/upgrade of the Companys mining fleet, and vertical integration of infrastructure.

Neither the Company nor the Sales Agent are obligated to sell any Placement Shares pursuant to the Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Sales Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq), to sell the Placement Shares from time to time based upon the Companys instructions, including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose. Sales of the Placement Shares, if any, will be made on Nasdaq at market prices by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company shall pay to the Sales Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares pursuant to the Agreement, an amount up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the Sales Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in an amount not to exceed $40,000. The Sales Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties.

The summary of the Agreement in this report does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

The legal opinion of Meretsky Law Firm relating to the Placement Shares is filed herewith as Exhibit 5.1.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares, nor shall there be any sale of the Placement Shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Meretsky Law Firm

10.1 Sales Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025, by and between Sphere 3D Corp. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners.

23.1 Consent of Meretsky Law Firm (included in Exhibit 5.1)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 3, 2025

SPHERE 3D CORP.

By: /s/ Patricia Trompeter

Patricia Trompeter

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Sphere 3D Corp.: Exhibit 5.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

EXHIBIT 5.1

Meretsky Law Firm Barristers & Solicitors

121 King Street West, Suite 2150, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 3T9

Tel: (416) 943-0808 Fax: (416) 943-0811 www.meretsky.com

January 3, 2025

Sphere 3D Corp.

4 Greenwich Office Park

243 Tresser Blvd., 17th Floor

Stamford, CT 06901

Dear Sirs/Mesdames:

Re:Sphere 3D Corp. - Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269663)

We have acted as Canadian special counsel to Sphere 3D Corp. (the Company), a corporation amalgamated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the "OBCA), in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of up to $8,000,000 of the Companys Common Shares (the Placement Shares), to be issued by the Company under that certain Sales Agreement dated January 3, 2025 (the Agreement) between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Sales Agent) from time-to-time at the election of the Company pursuant to the Agreement.

The Shares are being registered under the above-referenced Registration Statement (the Registration Statement) as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the US Securities Act), including the base prospectus forming a part of such Registration Statement dated October 10, 2024 (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement thereto dated January 3, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

For the purposes of this opinion, we have examined a copy of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, but have not participated in the review and preparation of the Prospectus. We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of and relied upon the following documents (collectively, the "Corporate Documents"):

(a)the articles and by-laws of the Company;

(b)certain resolutions of the Company's directors and shareholders;

(c)a certificate of status dated January 3, 2025 of the Company issued by the Ministry of Public and Business Service Delivery of the Government of Ontario pursuant to the OBCA, which we assume remains in full force and effect unamended; and

(d)a certificate of an officer of the Company as to certain factual matters dated January 3, 2025, which we assume remains in full force and effect unamended (the Officer's Certificate).

We also have reviewed such other documents, and have considered such questions of law, as we have deemed relevant and necessary as a basis for the opinion expressed herein. We have relied upon the Corporate Documents without independent investigation of the matters provided for therein for the purpose of providing our opinion expressed herein.

In examining all documents and in providing our opinion expressed herein we have assumed that:

(a)all individuals had the requisite legal capacity;

(b)all signatures are genuine;

(c)all documents submitted to us as originals are complete and authentic and all photostatic, certified, telecopied, notarial or other copies conform to the originals;

(d)all facts set forth in the official public records, certificates and documents supplied by public officials or otherwise conveyed to us by public officials are complete, true and accurate; and

(e)all facts set forth in the certificates supplied by the respective officers and directors, as applicable, of the Company including, without limitation, the Officer's Certificate, are complete, true and accurate.

Our opinion is expressed only with respect to the laws of the Province of Ontario (the "Jurisdiction") and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. Any reference to the laws of the Jurisdiction includes the laws of Canada that apply in the Jurisdiction.

Our opinion is expressed with respect to the laws of the Jurisdiction in effect on the date of this opinion. We have no responsibility or obligation to: (a) update this opinion, (b) take into account or inform the addressee or any other person of any changes in law, facts or other developments subsequent to this date that do or may affect the opinion we express, or (c) advise the addressee or any other person of any other change in any matter addressed in this opinion, nor do we have any responsibility or obligation to consider the applicability or correctness of this opinion to any person other than the addressee.

Where our opinion refers to any of the Placement Shares as being issued as being "fully-paid and non-assessable", such opinion assumes that all required consideration (in whatever form) has been paid or provided and no opinion is expressed as to the adequacy of any such consideration paid or provided.

Based and relying upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Placement Shares have been duly authorized, and when issued against payment therefor as set forth in the Agreement will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.

This opinion has been prepared for your use in connection with the Registration Statement and is expressed as of the date hereof. Our opinion is expressly limited to the matters set forth above and we render no opinion, whether by implication or otherwise, as to any other matters relating to the Company, the Registration Statement or the Placement Shares.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the reference to our firm appearing under the caption "Legal Matters" in the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under the US Securities Act or the Rules. This opinion may not be quoted from or referred to in any documents other than the Registration Statement as provided for herein without our prior written consent.

Yours truly,

/s/ Meretsky Law Firm
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Sphere 3D Corp.: Exhibit 10.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com

SPHERE 3D CORP.

COMMON SHARES

SALES AGREEMENT

January 3, 2025

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Sphere 3D Corp., company amalgamated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the "Company"), confirms its agreement (this "Agreement") with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the "Sales Agent"), as follows:

1. Issuance and Sale of Shares. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, it may issue and sell to or through the Sales Agent shares of the Company's common shares, no par value (the "Common Shares"), subject to the limitations set forth in Section 3(b) hereof. The issuance and sale of Common Shares to or through the Sales Agent will be effected pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Company and which was declared effective under the Securities Act (as defined below) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission").

The Company has filed, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Securities Act"), with the Commission, not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof, a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-269663) (the "Shelf Registration Statement"), including a base prospectus, relating to certain securities, including the Common Shares, to be issued from time to time by the Company, and which incorporates by reference documents that the Company has filed or will file in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the "Exchange Act"). The Company has prepared a prospectus supplement, which is included in the Shelf Registration Statement, specifically relating to the offering of Common Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the "ATM Prospectus"). The Company will furnish to the Sales Agent, for use by the Sales Agent, copies of the base prospectus included as part of such registration statement at the time it became effective, as supplemented by the ATM Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares (as defined below). Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration statement, as amended at the time of such registration statement's effectiveness for purposes of Section 11 of the Securities Act, including all documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus (as defined below) subsequently filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B or 462(b) of the Securities Act, is herein called the "Registration Statement." The base prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference (to the extent such information has not been superseded or modified in accordance with Rule 412 under the Securities Act (as qualified by Rule 430B(g) of the Securities Act)), and the ATM Prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference (to the extent such information has not been superseded or modified in accordance with Rule 412 under the Securities Act (as qualified by Rule 430B(g) of the Securities Act)), each of which is included in the Registration Statement, as it or they may be supplemented from time to time by any additional prospectus supplement, in the form in which such prospectus and/or ATM Prospectus have most recently been filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, together with any "issuer free writing prospectus" ("Issuer Free Writing Prospectus"), as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act ("Rule 433"), relating to the Placement Shares (as defined below) that (i) is required to be filed with the Commission by the Company or (ii) is exempt from filing pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i), in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Company's records pursuant to Rule 433(g), is herein called the "Prospectus." Any reference herein to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms "amend," "amendment" or "supplement" with respect to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or to any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the Commission pursuant to either the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System, or if applicable, the Interactive Data Electronic Applications (collectively "EDGAR").

2. Placements. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Common Shares through the Sales Agent, as agent, hereunder (each, a "Placement"), it will notify the Sales Agent by e-mail notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) (a "Placement Notice") containing the parameters in accordance with which it desires the Common Shares to be sold, which shall at a minimum include the number of Common Shares to be issued (the "Placement Shares"), the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Common Shares that may be sold in any one Trading Day (as defined in Section 3) and any minimum price below which sales may not be made, a form of which containing such minimum sales parameters necessary is attached hereto as Schedule 1. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals from the Company set forth on Schedule 2 (with a copy to each of the other individuals from the Company listed on such schedule) and shall be addressed to each of the individuals from the Sales Agent set forth on Schedule 2, as such Schedule 2 may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall be effective upon receipt by the Sales Agent unless and until (i) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Sales Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any reason, in its sole discretion, (ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares have been sold, (iii) in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4, the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice, (iv) the Company issues a subsequent Placement Notice with parameters superseding those on the earlier dated Placement Notice, or (v) the Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of Section 11. The amount of any discount, commission or other compensation to be paid by the Company to the Sales Agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares through the Sales Agent, as agent, shall be as set forth in Schedule 3. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor the Sales Agent will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to the Sales Agent and the Sales Agent does not decline such Placement Notice pursuant to the terms set forth above, and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will control.

3. Sale of Placement Shares by the Sales Agent.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, upon the Company's issuance of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Sales Agent, as agent for the Company, will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations and the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market (the "Exchange"), for the period specified in the Placement Notice, to sell such Placement Shares up to the amount specified by the Company in, and otherwise in accordance with, the terms of such Placement Notice. If acting as agent hereunder, the Sales Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company (including by e-mail correspondence to each of the individuals of the Company set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as defined below) immediately following the Trading Day on which it has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Placement Shares sold on such day, the volume-weighted average price of the Placement Shares, the compensation payable by the Company to the Sales Agent pursuant to Section 2 with respect to such sales, and the Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company, with an itemization of the deductions made by the Sales Agent (as set forth in Section 5(a)) from the gross proceeds that it receives from such sales. Subject to the terms of the Placement Notice, the Sales Agent may sell Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an "at the market" offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including without limitation sales made directly on the Exchange, on any other existing trading market for the Common Shares or to or through a market maker. Subject to the terms of a Placement Notice, the Sales Agent may also sell Placement Shares by any other method permitted by law, including but not limited to in negotiated transactions with the Company's prior written consent. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that the Sales Agent will be successful in selling Placement Shares, (ii) the Sales Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if it does not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure by the Sales Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices and applicable law and regulations to sell such Placement Shares as required under this Agreement and (iii) the Sales Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed by the Sales Agent and the Company in writing and expressly set forth in a Placement Notice. For the purposes hereof, "Trading Day" means any day on which the Company's Common Shares are purchased and sold on the principal market on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted.

(b) Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares if, after giving effect to the sale of such Placement Shares, the aggregate number or gross sales proceeds of Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed the lesser of: (i) the number or dollar amount of shares of Common Shares registered pursuant to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the offering hereunder is being made, (ii) the number of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Shares, (iii) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares permitted to be offered and sold by the Company under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, if and for so long as applicable), (iv) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares authorized from time to time to be issued and sold under this Agreement by the Company's board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Sales Agent in writing, or (v) the number or dollar amount of Common Shares for which the Company has filed the ATM Prospectus or other prospectus supplement specifically relating to the offering of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement. Under no circumstances shall the Company cause or request the offer or sale of any Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement at a price lower than the minimum price authorized from time to time by the Company's board of directors, a duly authorized committee thereof or a duly authorized executive committee, and notified to the Sales Agent in writing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that compliance with the limitations set forth in this Section 3(b) on the number or dollar amount of Placement Shares that may be issued and sold under this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole responsibility of the Company, and that the Sales Agent shall have no obligation in connection with such compliance.

(c) During the term of this Agreement, neither the Sales Agent nor any of its affiliates or subsidiaries shall engage in (i) any short sale of any security of the Company or (ii) any sale of any security of the Company that the Sales Agent does not own or any sale that is consummated by the delivery of a security of the Company borrowed by, or for the account of, the Sales Agent. During the term of this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Sales Agent agrees that in no event will the Sales Agent or its affiliates engage in any market making, bidding, stabilization or other trading activity with regard to the Common Shares or related derivative securities if such activity would be prohibited under Regulation M or other anti-manipulation rules under the Exchange Act.

4. Suspension of Sales.

(a) The Company or the Sales Agent may, upon notice to the other party in writing (including by e-mail correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2, if receipt of such correspondence is actually acknowledged by any of the individuals to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply) or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission or e-mail correspondence to each of the individuals of the other party set forth on Schedule 2), suspend any sale of Placement Shares for a period of time (a "Suspension Period"); provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair either party's obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice. Each of the parties hereto agrees that no such notice under this Section 4 shall be effective against the other unless it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 2 hereto, as such schedule may be amended from time to time. During a Suspension Period, the Company shall not issue any Placement Notices and the Sales Agent shall not sell any Placement Shares hereunder. The party that issued a suspension notice shall notify the other party in writing of the Trading Day on which the Suspension Period shall expire not later than twenty-four (24) hours prior to such Trading Day.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession of material non-public information, the Company and the Sales Agent agree that (i) no sale of Placement Shares will take place, (ii) the Company shall not request the sale of any Placement Shares, and (iii) the Sales Agent shall not be obligated to sell or offer to sell any Placement Shares.

5. Settlement.

(a) Settlement of Placement Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement Shares will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day (or such earlier day as is industry practice for regular-way trading) following the respective Point of Sale (as defined below) (each, a "Settlement Date"). The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement Date against receipt of the Placement Shares sold (the "Net Proceeds") will be equal to the aggregate sales price received by the Sales Agent at which such Placement Shares were sold, after deduction for (i) the Sales Agent's discount, commission or other compensation for such sales payable by the Company pursuant to Section 2 hereof, (ii) any other amounts due and payable by the Company to the Sales Agent hereunder pursuant to Section 7(g) (Expenses) hereof and (iii) any transaction fees, trading expenses or execution fees imposed by any clearing organization or any governmental or self-regulatory organization and any other fees incurred by the Sales Agent in respect of such sales.

(b) Delivery of Placement Shares. On or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the Sales Agent's or its designee's account (provided the Sales Agent shall have given the Company written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian System or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form. On each Settlement Date, the Sales Agent will deliver the related Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Company on, or prior to, the Settlement Date. The Company agrees that if the Company, or its transfer agent (if applicable), defaults in its obligation to deliver duly authorized Placement Shares on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations set forth in Section 9(a) (Indemnification and Contribution) hereto, the Company will (i) hold the Sales Agent, its directors, officers, members, partners, employees and agents of the Sales Agent, each broker dealer affiliate of the Sales Agent, and each person, if any, who (A) controls the Sales Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (B) is controlled by or is under common control with the Sales Agent (each, a "Sales Agent Affiliate"), and the Sales Agent's clearing organization, harmless against any loss, claim, damage, or reasonable and documented expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company or its transfer agent (if applicable) and (ii) pay to the Sales Agent any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been entitled absent such default.

6. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Sales Agent that as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 22(a)), unless such representation, warranty or agreement specifies a different time or times:

(a) Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act on October 15, 2024 and the Company is and continues to be eligible to use such Form S-3.The Company has complied to the Commission's satisfaction with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental information related to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission. The Registration Statement and, assuming no act or omission on the part of the Sales Agent that would make such statements untrue, the offer and sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material respects with said Rule. In the section entitled "Plan of Distribution" in the ATM Prospectus, the Company has named A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners as an agent that the Company has engaged in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company was not and is not an "ineligible issuer" as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

(b) No Misstatement or Omission. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act. The Prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, on the date of such Prospectus or amendment or supplement, complied or will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of its date, did not and, as of each Point of Sale and each Settlement Date, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Sales Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Sales Agent expressly for use therein. "Point of Sale" means, for a Placement, the time at which an acquiror of Placement Shares entered into a contract, binding upon such acquiror, to acquire such Placement Shares.

(c) Offering Materials Furnished to the Sales Agent. Copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and all amendments or supplements thereto and all documents incorporated by reference therein that were filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement, have been delivered, or are publicly available through EDGAR, to the Sales Agent. Each Prospectus delivered to the Sales Agent for use in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the version of such Prospectus filed with the Commission via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) Distribution of Offering Material By the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the completion of the Sales Agent's distribution of the Placement Shares, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares other than the Prospectus or the Registration Statement.

(e) The Sales Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and constitutes a valid, legal, and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as rights to indemnity hereunder may be limited by federal or state securities laws and except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally, and subject to general principles of equity. The Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to authorize, issue and sell the Placement Shares as contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement conforms in all material respects to the descriptions thereof in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(f) Authorization of the Placement Shares. The Placement Shares, when issued and paid for as contemplated herein, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, will be issued in compliance with all applicable securities laws, and will be free of preemptive, registration or similar rights, and will conform to the description of the Common Shares contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(g) No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived. No person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offer and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby or otherwise.

(h) No Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the business, properties, prospects, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (any such change is called a "Material Adverse Change"), which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent, not in the ordinary course of business nor entered into any material transaction or agreement not in the ordinary course of business; (iii) there has been no dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company; (iv) no executive officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company; and (v) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Company's long-term or short-term debt.

(i) Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, MaloneBailey, LLP, whose report is filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. MaloneBailey, LLP has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(j) Financial Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and included in the Prospectus, together with the related notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods therein specified. Such financial statements and supporting schedules have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto, provided, that, unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

(k) Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed by the Company without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed by the Company other than in good faith.

(l) Statistical and Marketing-Related Data. The statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably believes to be reliable and accurate or represent the Company's good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(m) XBRL. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language ("XBRL") included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(n) Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Province of Ontario. The Company has requisite corporate power to carry on its business as described in the Prospectus. The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification; except where the failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has no subsidiaries and does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year and other than (i) those subsidiaries not required to be listed on Exhibit 21.1 by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, (ii) those subsidiaries formed since the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year, and (iii) as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(o) Capital Stock Matters. All issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized Common Shares conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding Common Shares were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such shares, exempt from such registration requirements. The description of the Company's stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

(p) Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. The Company's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares and the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares as described in the Prospectus under the caption "Use of Proceeds") will not (A) result in a material breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, any law, order, rule or regulation to which the Company or any subsidiary is subject (including, without limitation, those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the "FDA") or by any foreign, federal, state or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA), or by which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, (B) conflict with, result in any violation or breach of, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) (a "Default Acceleration Event") of, any agreement, lease, credit facility, debt, note, bond, mortgage, indenture or other instrument ("Contract") or obligation or other understanding to which the Company or any subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any subsidiary is bound or affected, except to the extent that such conflict, default, or Default Acceleration Event is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change, or (C) result in a breach or violation of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, the Company's articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation, breach or default under its articles of incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), bylaws (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or other equivalent organizational or governing documents. Neither the Company nor any its subsidiaries nor, to its knowledge, any other party is in violation, breach or default of any Contract that has resulted in or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Each approval, consent, order, authorization, designation, declaration or filing by or with any regulatory, administrative or other governmental body necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of the Company of the transactions herein contemplated has been obtained or made and is in full force and effect, except (i) with respect to any Applicable Time at which the Sales Agent would not be able to rely on Rule 5110(b)(7)(C)(i) of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"), such additional steps as may be required by FINRA, (ii) filings with the Commission required under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or filings or notice with the Exchange pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Exchange, in each case that are contemplated by this Agreement to be made after the date of this Agreement, and (iii) such additional steps as may be necessary to qualify the Common Shares for sale by the Sales Agent under state securities or Blue Sky laws.

(q) No Material Actions or Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, any executive officer or director of the Company including any proceeding before the FDA or any federal, state, local or foreign governmental bodies (it being understood that the interaction between the Company and the FDA and such comparable governmental bodies relating to the clinical development and product approval process shall not be deemed proceedings for purposes of this representation), which is required to be disclosed and has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(r) Labor Disputes. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there is not pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, any action, suit or proceeding to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is the subject before or by any court or governmental agency, authority or body, or any arbitrator or mediator, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

(s) Compliance with Certain Applicable Laws. The Company: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance, in all respects, with any and all applicable United States and Canadian federal, state, provincial, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations, treaties, statutes and codes promulgated by any and all governmental authorities applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company ("Applicable Laws"), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received anywarning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws ("Authorizations"); (C) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

(t) Tax Law Compliance. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, each of the Company and its subsidiaries has (a) filed all material foreign, federal, state and local tax returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof and (b) paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due and payable on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company or such respective subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no material issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its subsidiaries, and no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or its subsidiaries. There are no tax liens against the assets, properties or business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The term "taxes" mean all federal, state, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term "returns" means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(u) Company Not an "Investment Company". The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the Placement Shares or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under "Use of Proceeds" in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, required to register as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").

(v) Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries carries, or is entitled to the benefits of insurance in such amounts and covering such risks, which the Company believes are adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries, and all such insurance is in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

(w) No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly (without giving any effect to the activities of the Sales Agent), any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Common Shares or of any "reference security" (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act ("Regulation M")) with respect to the Common Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares or otherwise, and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(x) Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that have not been described as required pursuant to the Securities Act.

(y) Exchange Act Compliance. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at each Point of Sale and each Settlement Date, will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(z) Conformity of Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed or will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act on the date of first use, and the Company has complied or will comply with any filing requirements applicable to such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to the Securities Act. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Placement Shares, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the prior written consent of the Sales Agent. The Company has retained in accordance with the Securities Act all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that were not required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Act.

(aa) Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment which are applicable to their businesses ("Environmental Laws"), except where the failure to comply has not had and would not reasonably be expected to result in, singularly or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or, to the Company's knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability, except for any violation or liability which has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations and liabilities, a Material Adverse Change; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries has knowledge, except for any such disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such discharges and other releases, a Material Adverse Change.

(bb) Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its subsidiaries own or possess or have valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets and similar rights ("Intellectual Property Rights") necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of their business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others, except where such action, use, license or fee is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 6(bb), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 6(bb), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 6(bb), reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, to the Company's knowledge, no employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employee's employment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company or any of its subsidiaries and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Company's knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company or any of its subsidiaries which has not been patented has been kept confidential. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any options, licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company or its subsidiaries has been obtained or is being used by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or any such subsidiary or, to the Company's knowledge, any of its or its subsidiaries' officers, directors or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons, except for violations that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

(cc) Brokers. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any contract, agreement or understanding with any person (other than as contemplated by this Agreement) that would give rise to a valid claim against the Company or any of its subsidiaries or the Sales Agent for a brokerage commission, finder's fee or like payment in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares by the Sales Agent under this Agreement.

(dd) No Outstanding Loans or Other Indebtedness. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or executive officers of any of its subsidiaries to the extent such executive officers may be deemed executive officers of the Company, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The Company has not directly or indirectly extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or executive officer of the Company.

(ee) No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Sales Agent or legal counsel for the Sales Agent for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(ff) Broker-Dealer Status. Neither the Company nor any of its related entities (i) is required to register as a "broker" or "dealer" in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is a "person associated with a member" or "associated person of a member" (within the meaning of Article I of the NASD Manual administered by FINRA). To the Company's knowledge, there are no affiliations or associations between any member of FINRA and any of the Company's officers, directors or 10% or greater security holders, except as set forth in the Registration Statement.

(gg) S-3 Eligibility. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement and (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), the Company met the then applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including compliance with General Instruction I.B.1 or General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, if and for so long as applicable. The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company at any time previously, has filed current Form 10 information (as defined in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(hh) [Reserved.]

(ii) Compliance with Orders. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation of any material judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority.

(jj) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Company's directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(kk) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company is in compliance with its timely and continuous disclosure obligations under all applicable securities laws in all material respects, including: (i) the applicable securities laws of each of the provinces and territories of Canada and the instruments, rules, regulations, blanket order, blanket rulings, applicable published policies, policy statements and notices of the applicable Canadian securities regulators ("Canadian Securities Laws") and (ii) the policies, rules and regulations of the Exchange and the Commission. None of the documents filed in accordance with Canadian Securities Laws contained, as at the date of filing thereof, a misrepresentation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and its subsidiaries maintain systems of "internal control over financial reporting" (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in XBRL included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly present the information called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

(ll) ERISA. The Company, its subsidiaries and any "employee benefit plan" (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, "ERISA")) established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their "ERISA Affiliates" (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. "ERISA Affiliate" means, with respect to the Company and each of its subsidiaries, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b),(c),(m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the "Code") of which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a member. No "reportable event" (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any "employee benefit plan" established or maintained by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No "employee benefit plan" established or maintained by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such "employee benefit plan" were terminated, would have any "amount of unfunded benefit liabilities" (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any "employee benefit plan" or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each "employee benefit plan" established or maintained by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

(mm) Contracts and Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Company's or its subsidiaries' business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company or any of its subsidiaries and, to the Company's knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, none of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company or its subsidiaries, and neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor, to the Company's knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the Company's knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Company's knowledge, performance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their assets or businesses (each, a "Governmental Entity"), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

(nn) Title to Properties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, the Company and each of its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries hold properties described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease, which would result in a Material Adverse Change.

(oo) No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. No payments or inducements have been made or given, directly or indirectly, to any federal or local official or candidate for, any federal or state office in the United States or foreign offices by the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any of their officers or directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, by any of its employees or agents or any other person in connection with any opportunity, contract, permit, certificate, consent, order, approval, waiver or other authorization relating to the business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, except for such payments or inducements as were lawful under applicable laws, rules and regulations. Neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (i) has used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any government official or employee from corporate funds; or (iii) made any bribe, unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment in connection with the business of the Company.

(pp) No Improper Practices. (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, any director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any contribution in violation of applicable law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, provincial, state, municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any applicable law or of the character required to be disclosed in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and shareholders of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, or shareholders of the Company or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the families of any of them; and (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Shares to any person with the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company or any Subsidiary to alter the customer's or supplier's level or type of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective products or services, and, (vi) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, any director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has (A) violated or is in violation of any applicable provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law (collectively, "Anti-Corruption Laws"), (B) improperly promised, offered, provided, attempted to provide or authorized the provision of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, influencing any act or decision of the recipient, or securing any improper advantage; or (C) made any payment of funds of the Company or any Subsidiary or received or retained any funds in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(qq) Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws") and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(rr) OFAC and Sanctions. None of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC") or the Government of Canada; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC or the Government of Canada.

(ss) Exchange Listing. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is currently listed on the Exchange under the trading symbol "ANY". Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there is no action pending by the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, the Exchange to delist the Common Shares from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is currently contemplating terminating such listing, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company has no intention to delist the Common Shares from the Exchange or to deregister the Common Shares under the Exchange Act, in either case, at any time during the period commencing on the date of this Agreement through and including the 90th calendar day after the termination of this Agreement. The Company has filed with the Exchange a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form for the offering of the Placement Shares as contemplated in this Agreement. The issuance and sale of the Placement Shares under this Agreement does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Exchange.

(tt) Margin Rules. The Company owns no "margin securities" as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"), and none of the proceeds from the issuance, sale and delivery of the Placement Shares as contemplated by this Agreement and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Common Shares to be considered a "purpose credit" within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

(uu) Underwriter Agreements. The Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other "at-the-market" or continuous equity transaction.

(vv) Board of Directors. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members of the Company and the overall composition of the Company's Board of Directors comply with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the listing rules of the Exchange applicable to the Company. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert," as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors of the Company qualify as "independent," as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

(ww) No Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offer and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

(xx) No Material Defaults. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(yy) Books and Records. The minute books of the Company and each of its subsidiaries have been made available to the Sales Agent and counsel for the Sales Agent, and such books (i) contain a substantially complete summary of all meetings and material actions of the board of directors (including each board committee) and stockholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable) and each of its subsidiaries since the time of its respective incorporation or organization through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately reflects in all material respects all transactions referred to in such minutes.

(zz) Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Company's business in the past and as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

(aaa) Regulatory Matters; Compliance. The material terms of all preclinical and other nonclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are material to the Company have been adequately described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, in all material respects. The clinical trials and nonclinical studies conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or the results of such trials and studies which are referred to in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance with all laws and regulations applicable thereto in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted. The descriptions in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus of the results of such trials and studies are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present the data derived from such trials and studies, and the Company has no knowledge of any clinical trials the aggregate results of which are inconsistent with or otherwise call into question the results of any clinical trial conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or other communications from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency ("EMA") or any other governmental agency or authority imposing, requiring, requesting or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension or material modification of any clinical trial that is described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or other communications from the FDA, the EMA or any other governmental agency, and otherwise has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, (i) any investigational new drug application for a potential product of the Company is or has been rejected or determined to be non-approvable or conditionally approvable; and (ii) any license, approval, permit or authorization to conduct any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be or may be suspended, revoked, modified or limited.

(bbb) Information Technology. The Company's information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, "IT Systems") are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as currently conducted, except where such failure to operate and perform would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, and to the knowledge of the Company are free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data (including all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated data ("Personal Data")) used in connection with their businesses, and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change, there have been no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company is presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except for any such noncompliance that would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The disclosures in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local and all foreign regulation on the Company's business in the past and as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

(ccc) Confidentiality and Non-Competitions. To the Company's knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(ddd) All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and each of its subsidiaries holds, and is in compliance with, all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates and orders ("Permits") of any governmental or self-regulatory agency, authority or body required for the conduct of its business, and all such Permits are in full force and effect.

(eee) Legality; Enforcement of Foreign Judgements. The legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility into evidence of any of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, this Agreement or the Placement Shares in any jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or does business is not dependent upon such document being submitted into, filed or recorded with any court or other authority in any such jurisdiction on or before the date that this representation is made or that any tax, imposition or charge be paid in any such jurisdiction on or in respect of any such document. The indemnification and contribution provisions set forth in this Agreement do not contravene the federal laws of Canada or public policy. Any final judgment for a fixed or determined sum of money rendered by any U.S. federal or New York state court located in the State of New York having jurisdiction under its own laws in respect of any suit, action or proceeding against the Company based upon this Agreement would be declared enforceable against the Company by the courts of Canada, without reconsideration or reexamination of the merits.

(fff) Board Matters. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's articles of amalgamation or by-laws, the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) or other applicable Canadian laws that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the Sales Agent as a result of the Sales Agent and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company's issuance of the Placement Shares.

Any certificate signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Sales Agent or to counsel for the Sales Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company to the Sales Agent as to the matters set forth therein.

The Company acknowledges that the Sales Agent and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 7 hereof, counsel to the Company and counsel to the Sales Agent, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

7. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the Sales Agent that:

(a) Registration Statement Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and during any period in which a Prospectus relating to any Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), (i) the Company will notify the Sales Agent promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the Commission and/or has become effective or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (ii) the Company will prepare and file with the Commission, promptly upon the Sales Agent's reasonable request, any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in the Sales Agent's reasonable opinion, may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Sales Agent (provided, however, that the failure of the Sales Agent to make such request shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Sales Agent's right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement, and provided, further, that the only remedy the Sales Agent shall have with respect to the failure to make such filing shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement until such amendment or supplement is filed); (iii) the Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Placement Shares or a security convertible into the Placement Shares unless a copy thereof has been submitted to the Sales Agent within a reasonable period of time before the filing and the Sales Agent has not reasonably objected thereto (provided, however, that the failure of the Sales Agent to make such objection shall not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect the Sales Agent's right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement, and provided, further, that the only remedy the Sales Agent shall have with respect to the failure by the Company to obtain such consent shall be to cease making sales under this Agreement); (iv) the Company will furnish to the Sales Agent at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for those documents available via EDGAR; and (v) the Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the Securities Act) or, in the case of any documents incorporated by reference, to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed.

(b) Notice of Commission Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Sales Agent, promptly after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any notice objecting to, or other order preventing or suspending the use of, the Prospectus, of the suspension of the qualification of the Placement Shares for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation of any proceeding for any such purpose or any examination pursuant to Section 8(e) of the Securities Act, or if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Placement Shares; and it will promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such a stop order should be issued. Until such time as any stop order is lifted, the Sales Agent shall cease making offers and sales under this Agreement.

(c) Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes. During any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act with respect to a pending sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), the Company will comply in all material respects with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as from time to time in force, and to file on or before their respective due dates all reports and any definitive proxy or information statements required to be filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, 15(d) or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If during such period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will promptly notify the Sales Agent to suspend the offering of Placement Shares during such period and the Company will promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that the Company may delay any such amendment or supplement if, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, it is in the best interests of the Company to do so.

(d) Listing of Placement Shares. During any period in which the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Sales Agent under the Securities Act with respect to a pending sale of the Placement Shares (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 153 or Rule 172 under the Securities Act), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions as the Sales Agent reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Shares; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction.

(e) Delivery of Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company will furnish to the Sales Agent and its counsel (at the expense of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission during any period in which a Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered under the Securities Act (including all documents filed with the Commission during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as the Sales Agent may from time to time reasonably request and, at the Sales Agent's request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus to each exchange or market on which sales of the Placement Shares may be made; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document (other than the Prospectus) to the Sales Agent to the extent such document is available on EDGAR.

(f) Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than 15 months after the end of the Company's current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement of the Company and its subsidiaries (which need not be audited) covering a 12-month period that complies with Section 11(a) and Rule 158 of the Securities Act. The terms "earnings statement" and "make generally available to its security holders" shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(g) Expenses. The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 11 hereunder, will pay the following expenses all incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, expenses relating to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus and of each amendment and supplement thereto, (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Placement Shares, including any stock or other transfer taxes and any stamp or other duties payable upon the sale, issuance or delivery of the Placement Shares to the Sales Agent, (iii) the fees and disbursements of the counsel, accountants and other advisors to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) the qualification of the Placement Shares under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(d) of this Agreement, including filing fees (provided, however, that any fees or disbursements of counsel for the Sales Agent in connection therewith shall be paid by the Sales Agent except as set forth in (ix) below), (v) the printing and delivery to the Sales Agent of copies of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and of this Agreement, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Placement Shares for trading on the Exchange, (vii) the fees and expenses of the transfer agent or registrar for the Common Shares; (viii) filing fees and expenses, if any, of the Commission and the FINRA Corporate Financing Department (provided, however, that any fees or disbursements of counsel for the Sales Agent in connection therewith shall be paid by the Sales Agent except as set forth in (ix) below) and (ix) the Company shall reimburse the Sales Agent for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including but not limited to the reasonable fees and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of counsel to the Sales Agent) in an amount not to exceed $40,000; provided further that the Company shall reimburse the Sales Agent for its expenses (including but not limited to the reasonable fees and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of counsel to the Sales Agent) on an annual basis in an amount not to exceed $10,000.

(h) Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectus in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds."

(i) Notice of Other Sales. The Company (I) shall provide the Sales Agent notice at least two (2) days, before it offers to sell, contracts to sell, sells, grants any option to sell or otherwise disposes of any Common Shares (other than Placement Shares offered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares, or warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire Common Shares, during the period beginning on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which any Placement Notice is delivered to the Sales Agent hereunder and ending on the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice (or, if the Placement Notice has been terminated or suspended prior to the sale of all Placement Shares covered by a Placement Notice, the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately following the date of such suspension or termination), and (II) will not directly or indirectly enter into or utilize any other "at-the-market" or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares (other than the Placement Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Shares prior to the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such notice requirements or restrictions, as the case may be, will not be required in connection with the Company's issuance or sale of (i) Common Shares, options to purchase Common Shares, other equity awards or Common shares issuable upon the exercise of options or other equity awards, pursuant to any employee or director stock option or benefits plan, stock ownership plan or dividend reinvestment plan of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter implemented, (ii) Common Shares issuable upon exchange, conversion or redemption of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding, and disclosed in filings by the Company available on EDGAR or otherwise in writing (including by e-mail correspondence) to the Sales Agent and (iii) Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares as consideration for mergers, acquisitions, sale or purchase of assets, other business combinations or strategic alliances, vendor, consultant, customer or other comparable transactions occurring after the date of this Agreement which are not issued for capital raising purposes.

(j) Change of Circumstances. The Company will, at any time during a fiscal quarter in which the Company intends to tender a Placement Notice or sell Placement Shares, advise the Sales Agent promptly after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any opinion, certificate, letter or other document provided to the Sales Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

(k) Due Diligence Cooperation. The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Sales Agent or its agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents and senior corporate officers, during regular business hours and at the Company's principal offices, as the Sales Agent may reasonably request.

(l) Required Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares. The Company shall set forth in each Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company with the Commission in respect of any quarter in which sales of Placement Shares were made by or through the Sales Agent under this Agreement, with regard to the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold to or through the Sales Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Sales Agent with respect to such sales of Placement Shares. To the extent that the filing of a prospectus supplement with the Commission with respect to any sales of Placement Shares becomes required under Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the Company agrees that, on or before such dates as the Securities Act shall require, the Company will (i) file a prospectus supplement with the Commission under the applicable paragraph of Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, which prospectus supplement will set forth, with regard to the relevant period, the amount of Placement Shares sold to or through the Sales Agent, the Net Proceeds to the Company and the compensation payable by the Company to the Sales Agent with respect to such Placement Shares, and (ii) deliver such number of copies of each such prospectus supplement to each exchange or market on which such sales were effected as may be required by the rules or regulations of such exchange or market. The Company shall afford the Sales Agent and its counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, shall consult with the Sales Agent and its counsel on the form and substance of, and shall give due consideration to all such comments from the Sales Agent or its counsel on, any such filing prior to the issuance, filing or public disclosure thereof; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to submit for review (A) any portion of any periodic reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act other than the specific disclosure relating to any sales of Placement Shares and (B) any disclosure contained in periodic reports filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act if it shall have previously provided the same disclosure for review in connection with a previous filing.

(m) Representation Dates; Certificate. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder and each time the Company (i) files the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or amends or supplements the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares (other than (A) a prospectus supplement filed in accordance with Section 7(l) of this Agreement or (B) a supplement or amendment that relates to an offering of securities other than the Placement Shares) by means of a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation of document(s) by reference to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares; (ii) files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act (including any Form 10-K/A containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Form 10-K); (iii) files a quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or (iv) files a current report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than an earnings release, to "furnish" information pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act (each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a "Representation Date"), the Company shall furnish the Sales Agent within three (3) Trading Days after each Representation Date with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m). The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 7(m) shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation Date; provided, however, that such waiver shall not apply for any Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report on Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied on such waiver and did not provide the Sales Agent with a certificate under this Section 7(m), then before the Company delivers the Placement Notice or the Sales Agent sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide the Sales Agent with a certificate, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 7(m), dated the date of the Placement Notice.

(n) Legal Opinions. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder, the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Sales Agent the negative assurance of Pryor Cashman, LLP, as counsel to the Company, or other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Sales Agent ("U.S. Company Counsel") and (ii) a written opinion of Meretsky Law Firm, Canadian counsel for the Company ("Canadian Company Counsel"), in each case substantially in the form previously agreed between the Company and the Sales Agent. Thereafter, within three (3) Trading Days after each Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no waiver is applicable pursuant to Section 7(m), the Company shall cause to be furnished to the Sales Agent the written opinion and negative assurance of the Company Counsel substantially in the forms previously agreed between the Company and the Sales Agent, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented and within three (3) Trading Days after the Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m) for which no waiver is applicable pursuant to Section 7(m), other than a Representation Date under Section 7(m)(iv); provided, however, that if the U.S Company Counsel and/or Canadian Company Counsel have previously furnished to the Sales Agent such written opinion and negative assurance of such counsel, in each case substantially in the forms previously agreed between the Company and the Sales Agent, then the U.S. Company Counsel or Canadian Company Counsel, as applicable, may, in respect of any future Representation Date, furnish the Sales Agent with a letter signed by such counsel (each, a "Reliance Letter") in lieu of such opinion and negative assurance of such counsel to the effect that the Sales Agent may rely on the prior opinion and negative assurance of such counsel delivered pursuant to this Section 7(n) to the same extent as if it were dated the date of such Reliance Letter (except that statements in such prior opinion and negative assurance shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented to the date of such Reliance Letter).

(o) Comfort Letter. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder and within three (3) Trading Days after the subsequent Representation Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m), other than a Representation Date under Section 7(m)(iii)-(iv) unless with respect to a Representation Date under Section 7(m)(iv) the Sales Agent reasonably requests delivery thereof, the Company shall cause its independent accountants to furnish the Sales Agent letters (the "Comfort Letters"), dated the date that the Comfort Letter is delivered, in form and substance satisfactory to the Sales Agent, (i) confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the PCAOB and are in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the Commission, (ii) stating, as of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial information and other matters ordinarily covered by accountants' "comfort letters" to the Sales Agent in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letter, the "Initial Comfort Letter") and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort Letter with any information that would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letter.

(p) Market Activities. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Common Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase Common Shares in violation of Regulation M, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement Shares other than the Sales Agent.

(q) Insurance. The Company and its subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonable and customary for the business in which it is engaged.

(r) Investment Company Act. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably ensure that neither it nor its subsidiaries or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Placement Shares and the application of proceeds therefrom as described in the Prospectus, will be, an "investment company" within the meaning of such term under the Investment Company Act.

(s) Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of, or dealings in, the Placement Shares as contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus.

(t) No Offer to Sell. Other than the Prospectus and an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus approved in advance by the Company and the Sales Agent in its capacity as principal or agent hereunder, neither the Sales Agent nor the Company (including its agents and representatives, other than the Sales Agent in its capacity as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed with the Commission, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

(u) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and its subsidiaries will use their reasonable efforts to comply with all effective applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(v) Transfer Agent. The Company shall maintain, at its sole expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares.

8. Conditions to the Sales Agent's Obligations. The obligations of the Sales Agent hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein, to the due performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Sales Agent of a due diligence review satisfactory to the Sales Agent in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the Sales Agent in its sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

(a) Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall be effective and shall be available for the sale of all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued by any Placement Notice which have not yet been issued and sold pursuant to such Registration Statement.

(b) Securities Act Filings Made. The Company shall have filed with the Commission the ATM Prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act not later than the Commission's close of business on the second Business Day following the date of this Agreement. All other filings with the Commission required by Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 under the Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) of the Securities Act) or Rule 433, as applicable.

(c) No Material Notices. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any request for additional information from the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response to which would require any post-effective amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the occurrence of any event that makes any material statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any material document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, related Prospectus or such documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and, that in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any materially untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(d) No Misstatement or Material Omission. The Sales Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Sales Agent's reasonable opinion is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Sales Agent's reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(e) Material Changes. Except as contemplated in the Prospectus, or disclosed in the Company's reports filed with the Commission, there shall not have been any material adverse change in the authorized capital stock of the Company or any Material Adverse Change or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, the effect of which, in the case of any such action by a rating organization described above, in the reasonable judgment of the Sales Agent (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement and the Prospectus.

(f) Representation Certificate. The Sales Agent shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7(m) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 7(m).

(g) Legal Opinions. The Sales Agent shall have received the opinion and negative assurance of U.S. Company Counsel and legal opinion of Canadian Company Counsel as required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(n) on or before the date on which such delivery of such opinions and negative assurance, as applicable, is required pursuant to Section 7(n).

(h) Comfort Letter. The Sales Agent shall have received the Comfort Letter required to be delivered pursuant Section 7(o) on or before the date on which delivery of such Comfort Letter is required pursuant to Section 7(o).

(i) Officer's Certificate. On or prior to the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder, the Sales Agent shall have received a certificate, signed on behalf of the Company by its President and Chief Executive Officer, certifying as to (i) the articles of incorporation of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), (ii) the bylaws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time), (iii) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Company (or a committee thereof) authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the issuance of the Placement Shares and (iv) the incumbency of the officers duly authorized to execute this Agreement and the other documents contemplated by this Agreement.

(j) No Suspension. Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended on the Exchange and the Common Shares shall not have been delisted from the Exchange.

(k) Other Materials. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 7(m), the Company shall have furnished to the Sales Agent such appropriate further opinions, certificates, letters and documents as the Sales Agent may have reasonably requested. All such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents shall have been in compliance with the provisions hereof. The Company will furnish the Sales Agent with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as the Sales Agent shall have reasonably requested.

(l) Approval for Listing. The Placement Shares shall either have been (i) approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to notice of issuance, or (ii) the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the Exchange at, or prior to, the issuance of any Placement Notice.

(m) No Termination Event. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit the Sales Agent to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 11(a).

9. Indemnification and Contribution.

(a) Company Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Sales Agent, the directors, officers, members, partners, employees and agents of the Sales Agent, each broker dealer affiliate of the Sales Agent, and each Sales Agent Affiliate, if any, from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including, but not limited to, any and all reasonable investigative, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any and all amounts paid in settlement (in accordance with Section 9(c)) of, any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), as and when incurred, to which the Sales Agent, or any such person, may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise out of or are based, directly or indirectly, on (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any application or other document executed by or on behalf of the Company or based on written information furnished by or on behalf of the Company filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Common Shares under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, (y) the omission or alleged omission to state in any such document a material fact required to be stated in it or necessary to make the statements in it not misleading or (z) any breach by any of the indemnifying parties of any of their respective representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage arises from the sale of the Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement and is caused directly by an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in strict conformity with written information relating to the Sales Agent and furnished to the Company by the Sales Agent expressly for inclusion in any document as described in clause (x) of this Section 9(a). This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that the Company might otherwise have.

(b) The Sales Agent Indemnification. The Sales Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its directors and each officer of the Company that signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who (i) controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act or (ii) is controlled by or is under common control with the Company (each, a "Company Affiliate") from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including, but not limited to, any and all reasonable investigative, legal and other expenses incurred in connection with, and any and all amounts paid in settlement (in accordance with Section 9(c)) of, any action, suit or proceeding between any of the indemnified parties and any indemnifying parties or between any indemnified party and any third party, or otherwise, or any claim asserted), as and when incurred, to which any such Company Affiliate, may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, at common law or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, expenses or damages arise out of or are based, directly or indirectly, on (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or (y) the omission or alleged omission to state in any such document a material fact required to be stated in it or necessary to make the statements in it not misleading; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall apply only to the extent that such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage is caused directly by an untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in strict conformity with written information relating to the Sales Agent and furnished to the Company by the Sales Agent expressly for inclusion in any document as described in clause (x) of this Section 9(b).

(c) Procedure. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 9 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 9, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 9 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 9 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (1) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (2) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (3) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (4) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action, in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 9 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each indemnified party from all liability arising or that may arise out of such claim, action or proceeding.

(d) Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of this Section 9 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable from the Company or the Sales Agent, the Company and the Sales Agent will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted, but after deducting any contribution received by the Company from persons other than the Sales Agent, such as persons who control the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, officers of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and directors of the Company, who also may be liable for contribution) to which the Company and the Sales Agent may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Sales Agent on the other. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Sales Agent on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total Net Proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Sales Agent from the sale of Placement Shares on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Sales Agent, on the other, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Sales Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Sales Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 9(d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense, or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 9(d) shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 9(d), any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 9(c) hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9(d), the Sales Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 9(d), any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act will have the same rights to contribution as that party (and any officers, directors, members, partners, employees or agents of the Sales Agent and each broker dealer affiliate of the Sales Agent will have the same rights to contribution as the Sales Agent), and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each director of the Company will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 9(d), will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 9(d) except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 9(c) hereof, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof.

10. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in Section 9 of this Agreement and all representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall survive, as of their respective dates, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Sales Agent, any controlling person of the Sales Agent, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors, members or controlling persons), (ii) delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.

11. Termination.

(a) The Sales Agent shall have the right by giving notice as hereinafter specified at any time to terminate this Agreement if (i) any Material Adverse Change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change has occurred that, in the reasonable judgment of the Sales Agent, may materially impair the ability of the Sales Agent to sell the Placement Shares hereunder, (ii) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder; provided, however, in the case of any failure of the Company to deliver (or cause another person to deliver) any certification, opinion, or letter required under Sections 7(m), 7(n) or 7(o), the Sales Agent's right to terminate shall not arise unless such failure to deliver (or cause to be delivered) continues for more than thirty (30) days from the date such delivery was required, (iii) any other condition of the Sales Agent's obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, or (iv) any suspension or limitation of trading in the Placement Shares or in securities generally on the Exchange shall have occurred (including automatic halt in trading pursuant to market-decline triggers, other than those in which solely program trading is temporarily halted), or a major disruption of securities settlements or clearing services in the United States shall have occurred, or minimum prices for trading have been fixed on the Exchange. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g) (Expenses), Section 9 (Indemnification and Contribution), Section 10 (Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery), Section 11(f), Section 16 (Applicable Law; Consent to Jurisdiction) and Section 17 (Waiver of Jury Trial) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination. If the Sales Agent elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 11(a), the Sales Agent shall provide the required notice as specified in Section 12 (Notices).

(b) The Company shall have the right, by giving two (2) days' notice as hereinafter specified in Section 12, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c) The Sales Agent shall have the right, by giving two (2) days' notice as hereinafter specified in Section 12, to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time after the date of this Agreement. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(d) Unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Section 11, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) issuance and sale of all of the Placement Shares to or through the Sales Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein and (ii) the expiration of the Registration Statement on the third (3rd) anniversary of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415(a)(5) under the Securities Act; provided that the provisions of Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(e) This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 11(a), (b), (c) or (d) above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the parties; provided, however, that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 7(g), Section 9, Section 10, Section 11(f), Section 16 and Section 17 shall remain in full force and effect.

(f) Any termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided, however, that such termination shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice by the Sales Agent or the Company, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such termination shall not become effective until the close of business on such Settlement Date and such Placement Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

12. Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and if sent to the Sales Agent, shall be delivered to:

A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: Tom Higgins

E-mail: atm@allianceg.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Thompson Hine LLP

300 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor

New York, New York 10017

Attention: Faith L. Charles

E-mail: faith.charles@thompsonhine.com

and if to the Company, shall be delivered to:

Sphere 3D Corp.

Attn: Patricia Trompeter

243 Tresser Blvd, 17th Floor

Stamford, CT

E-mail: Patricia.Trompeter@sphere3D.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Pryor Cashman LLP

7 Times Square

New York, NY 10036

Attention: M. Ali Panjwani, Esq.

E-mail: ali.panjwani@pryorcashman.com

Each party may change such address for notices by sending to the other party to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally, by e-mail or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). For purposes of this Agreement, "Business Day" shall mean any day on which the Exchange and commercial banks in the City of New York are open for business.

An electronic communication ("Electronic Notice") shall be deemed written notice for purposes of this Section 12 if sent to the electronic mail address specified by the receiving party under separate cover. Electronic Notice shall be deemed received at the time the party sending Electronic Notice receives confirmation of receipt by the receiving party (other than pursuant to auto-reply). Any party receiving Electronic Notice may request and shall be entitled to receive the notice on paper, in a nonelectronic form ("Nonelectronic Notice") which shall be sent to the requesting party within ten (10) days of receipt of the written request for Nonelectronic Notice.

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and the Sales Agent and their respective successors and permitted assigns and, as to Sections 5(b) and 9, the other indemnified parties specified therein. References to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that the Sales Agent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to an affiliate of the Sales Agent without obtaining the Company's consent.

14. Adjustments for Share Splits. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any share split, share dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Common Shares.

15. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued pursuant hereto) and any other writing entered into by the parties relating to this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Company and the Sales Agent. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable as written by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such provision shall be given full force and effect to the fullest possible extent that it is valid, legal and enforceable, and the remainder of the terms and provisions herein shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable term or provision was not contained herein, but only to the extent that giving effect to such provision and the remainder of the terms and provisions hereof shall be in accordance with the intent of the parties as reflected in this Agreement.

16. Applicable Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

17. Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company and the Sales Agent each hereby irrevocably waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any claim based upon or arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.

18. Absence of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) the Sales Agent is acting solely as agent in connection with the sale of the Placement Shares contemplated by this Agreement and the process leading to such transactions, and no fiduciary or advisory relationship between the Company or any of its respective affiliates, stockholders (or other equity holders), creditors or employees or any other party, on the one hand, and the Sales Agent, on the other hand, has been or will be created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Sales Agent has advised or is advising the Company on other matters, and the Sales Agent has no obligation to the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement;

(b) the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(c) the Sales Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate;

(d) the Company has been advised and is aware that the Sales Agent and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Sales Agent has no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and

(e) the Company waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Sales Agent, for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Sales Agent shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to the Company in respect of such a fiduciary claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders, partners, employees or creditors of the Company.

19. Use of Information. The Sales Agent may not provide any information gained in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including due diligence (collectively, the "Information"), to any third party other than its legal counsel advising it on this Agreement unless expressly approved by the Company in writing. The Sales Agent agrees to use the same measures to protect the confidentiality of the Information that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own proprietary and confidential information and materials of like kind, but in no event less than a reasonable standard of care.

20. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission.

21. Effect of Headings; Knowledge of the Company. The section and Exhibit headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. All references in this Agreement to the "knowledge of the Company" or the "Company's knowledge" or similar qualifiers shall mean the actual knowledge of the directors and officers of the Company, after due inquiry.

22. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following term has the meaning set forth below:

(a)"Applicable Time" means the date of this Agreement, each Representation Date, each date on which a Placement Notice is given, each Point of Sale, and each Settlement Date.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Company and the Sales Agent, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between the Company and the Sales Agent.

Very truly yours,

SPHERE 3D CORP. 

By: /s/ Patricia Trompeter 

Name: Patricia Trompeter 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written: 

A.G.P./ALLIANCE GLOBAL PARTNERS 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1

__________________________

Form of Placement Notice

__________________________

From: Sphere 3D Corp.

To: A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners

Attention: []

Subject: Placement Notice

Date: [], 202[]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement) between Sphere 3D Corp., a corporation amalgamated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the Company), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the Sales Agent), dated January 3, 2025, the Company hereby requests that the Sales Agent sell up to [] of the Companys common shares, no par value (the Placement Shares), at a minimum market price of $[] per share, during the time period beginning [month, day, time] and ending [month, day, time] [and with no more than [] Placement Shares sold in any one Trading Day].

[The Company may include such other sale parameters as it deems appropriate.]

Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Sales Agreement.

SCHEDULE 2

Notice Parties

Sphere 3D Corp. 

Patricia TrompeterPatricia.Trompeter@sphere3D.com

Kurt KalbfleischKurt.Kalbfleisch@sphere3D.com

The Sales Agent

Tom Higgins (thiggins@allianceg.com)

With copies to:

atm@allianceg.com

SCHEDULE 3

Compensation

The Company shall pay to the Sales Agent in cash, upon each sale of Placement Shares through the Sales Agent pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to 3.00% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Placement Shares.

Exhibit 7(m)

OFFICER CERTIFICATE

The undersigned, the duly qualified and appointed _____________________ of Sphere 3D Corp., a corporation amalgamated under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the Company), does hereby certify in such capacity and on behalf of the Company, pursuant to Section 7(m) of the Sales Agreement, dated January 3, 2025 (the Sales Agreement), between the Company and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, that:

(i)the representations and warranties of the Company in Section 6 of the Sales Agreement (A) to the extent such representations and warranties are subject to qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Change, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date, and (B) to the extent such representations and warranties are not subject to any qualifications or exceptions, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date;

(ii)the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the Sales Agreement at or prior to the date hereof;

(iii)as of the date hereof, (i) the Registration Statement does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) the Prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (iii) no event has occurred as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not untrue or misleading for clauses (i) and (ii) above, respectively, to be true and correct;

(iv)there has been no Material Adverse Change since the date as of which information is given in the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented;

(v)the Company does not currently possess and will not be in possession of any material non-public information at the time of delivery of any Placement Notice and/or as long as such Placement Notice is effective; and

(vi)the aggregate offering price of the Placement Shares that may be issued and sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement and the maximum number or amount of Placement Shares that may be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company's board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof.

Terms used herein and not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sales Agreement.

Dated: ____________ By:________________________________

Name:

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>any-20250103.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>any-20250103_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>any-20250103_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>any-20250103_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Document and Entity Information [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

ntity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 
ntity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Address Type [Domain] 
Address Type [Domain] 

Former Address [Member] 
Former Address [Member] 

Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 
Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 

Exchange [Domain] 
Exchange [Domain] 

New York Stock Exchange [Member] 
New York Stock Exchange [Member] 

NASDAQ [Member] 
NASDAQ [Member] 

NASDAQ Global Select Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Global Select Market [Member] 

Toronto Stock Exchange [Member] 
Toronto Stock Exchange [Member] 

NYSE MKT LLC [Member] 
NYSE MKT LLC [Member] 

NASDAQ Global Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Global Market [Member] 

NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] 
NASDAQ Capital Market [Member] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Common Stock Class A [Member] 
Common Stock Class A [Member] 

Common Stock Class B [Member] 
Common Stock Class B [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 
Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Incorporation, State Country Name 
Entity Incorporation, State Country Name 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Title of 12(g) Security 
Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Document Creation Date 
Document Creation Date 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 
Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 
Amendment Description 

No Trading Symbol Flag 
No Trading Symbol Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Region code of country 
Region code of country 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 
Entity Address, Country 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>any-20250103_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exhibit5-1x001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information Document

Jan. 03, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Creation Date Jan. 03, 2025

Document Period End Date Jan. 03, 2025

Amendment Flag false

Entity Registrant Name Sphere 3D Corp.

Entity Address, Address Line One 243 Tresser Blvd, 17th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Stamford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Country US

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06901

Entity Incorporation, State Country Name A6

City Area Code 647

Local Phone Number 952 5049

Entity File Number 001-36532

Entity Central Index Key 0001591956

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1220792

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares

Trading Symbol ANY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The date the document was made available and submitted, in YYYY-MM-DD format. The date of submission, date of acceptance by the recipient, and the document effective date are all potentially different.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentCreationDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0001000 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.sphere3d.gcs-web.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

any-20250103.xsd 
any-20250103_cal.xml 
any-20250103_def.xml 
any-20250103_lab.xml 
any-20250103_pre.xml 
form8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001062993-25-000249-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001591956 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

false 
2025-01-03 
0001591956 
Sphere 3D Corp. 
8-K 
2025-01-03 
A6 
001-36532 
98-1220792 
243 Tresser Blvd, 17th Floor 
Stamford 
CT 
US 
06901 
647 
952 5049 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares 
ANY 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>