<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-001510.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-001510.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121195508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-001510
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250117
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567900
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				453598066
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41051
		FILM NUMBER:		25543625

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-726-9203

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1485
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMSA BALLINGER ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130125
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>blkbx20250118_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?blkbx20250118_8k.htm

false000156790000015679002025-01-172025-01-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2025

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 

001-41051 

45-3598066

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas 

75240

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (972) 726-9203

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

BLBX 

The NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Securities Purchase Agreement

On January 17, 2025, Blackboxstocks Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Five Narrow Lane LP (including its successors and assigns, each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), and Five Narrow Lane LP, as collateral agent for the Purchasers (the Agent), pursuant to which the Purchasers agreed to purchase from the Company senior debentures having an aggregate principal amount of $250,000 (the Initial Debentures) and amended and restated senior secured convertible debentures having an aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000 (the Additional Debentures, and together with the Initial Debentures, the Debentures) upon certain closing conditions applicable to the Initial Debentures and Additional Debentures, respectively.

The closing of Initial Debentures (the Initial Closing) took place concurrent with the execution and delivery of the Purchase Agreement by the parties thereto, upon satisfaction of certain customary covenants and closing conditions outlined in the Purchase Agreement. The closing of the Additional Debentures, if any (the Additional Closing), shall take place upon satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions outlined in the Purchase Agreement, including, but not limited to, the execution and delivery of (i) a Security Agreement (as further described below), (ii) a Subsidiary Guarantee (as further described below), (iii) a Registration Rights Agreement (as further described below), and (iv) a Merger Agreement (as further described below).

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, confidentiality and indemnification obligations customary for a transaction of the size and type contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Purchase Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Initial Debentures

The Initial Closing was consummated on January 17, 2025. The Initial Debentures bear interest at a rate of 7.00% per annum and will mature on the earlier to occur of the date on which a definitive agreement relating to any Merger Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Merger Agreement) is duly executed by the parties signatory thereto (the Initial Debenture Trigger Date) or March 15, 2025 (the Initial Debenture Maturity Date). At any time prior to the Initial Debenture Maturity Date, the Company may elect to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding amounts due under the Initial Debentures.

On the Initial Debenture Trigger Date, the Company agrees to pay in cash to the Purchasers of the Initial Debentures the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Debentures, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, an exit fee in an amount equal to 15% of the outstanding principal amount of the Initial Debentures (the Initial Debenture Exit Fee) and any other amounts due thereunder; provided that, if the Trigger Conditions are satisfied as of the Initial Debenture Trigger Date, the Initial Debentures shall be exchanged for Additional Debentures. As defined in the Initial Debentures, Trigger Conditions means (a) no event of default has occurred or is continuing or would result from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (b) no event or condition has resulted in, or could be reasonably expected to cause, either individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect or to result in a material adverse effect from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (c) the Company has executed and delivered such documents as the holder may reasonably request in connection with the exchange of the Initial Debenture for the Additional Debentures, and (d) the satisfaction of any additional covenants and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

The Initial Debentures also include customary representations and warranties, as well as events of default, the occurrence of which cause the Initial Debentures to bear interest at a default rate of 18% per annum.

The foregoing description of the Initial Debentures does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Initial Debentures, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Additional Debentures

At the Additional Closing, the Initial Debentures will be exchanged for the Additional Debentures as senior indebtedness secured by a first priority security interest on substantially all of the assets of the Company. The aggregate principal amount of the Additional Debentures will be $2,000,000 which will be funded by the Purchasers with (i) $250,000 in principal amount credited from the exchange of Initial Debentures, (ii) $500,000 upon execution and delivery of a Merger Agreement, (iii) $750,000 upon the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of the registration statement on Form S-4 (the Merger Registration Statement) in connection with the Merger Transaction , and (iv) $500,000 upon the Commission declaring the Merger Registration Statement effective. The Additional Debentures will bear interest at a rate of 7.00% per annum and will mature on the earlier of the closing of the Merger Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or 12 months following the issuance of the Additional Debentures (the Additional Debenture Maturity Date).

On the Maturity Date, the Company will repay the aggregate accrued interest and principal amount of the Additional Debentures, and the Additional Debentures may not be prepaid without the written consent of the holders thereof. In the event the Additional Debentures are repaid in cash, the holders shall receive a premium equal to 115% of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance due on such date. In the event the Additional Debentures are not repaid on the Maturity Date, subject to certain limitations and absence of an event of default, the holders may convert the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest of the Additional Debentures into Company common stock at the conversion price, which will be 175% of the closing price of the Companys common stock (as quoted by the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC) on the trading day immediately prior to the execution of the Additional Debentures with a minimum price of $5.00 per share of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Additional Debentures will not be convertible into Company common stock if, after such conversion, the holders would beneficially own more than 9.9% of the Company common stock outstanding. The holders may elect to reduce such 9.9% beneficial ownership limitation to 4.9%, effective immediately upon such election.

The Additional Debentures will also include customary representations and warranties, as well as events of default, the occurrence of which will cause the Additional Debentures to bear interest at a default rate of 18% per annum. The Additional Debentures include a most favored nation clause in favor of the holders thereof.

Palladium Capital Group, LLC will serve as placement agent for the Additional Debentures. The Company will pay a placement agent fee upon closing of the Additional Debentures equal to 8% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Additional Debentures. Such fee will be payable through the issuance by the Company of a debenture to Palladium Capital Group, LLC on identical terms to the Additional Debentures, provided that such debenture will be unsecured.

The foregoing description of the Additional Debentures does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Additional Debentures, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, and as a condition to the Additional Closing, the Company and the Purchasers will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company is required to meet certain obligations with respect to, among other things, the timeliness of the filing and effectiveness of registration statements. Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company must file with the Commission an initial registration statement within 15 days to register the maximum number of Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) in accordance with applicable Commission rules, and obtain effectiveness thereof within 30 days (or in the event of a full review by the Commission, 45 days).

The Registration Rights Agreement includes certain other restrictions on piggyback rights, obligations of the Company and the Purchasers, and indemnification obligations of the parties, each as described in greater detail therein.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, the agreed form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Security Agreement

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, and as a condition to the Additional Closing, the Company, Blackbox.io Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Subsidiary), and the Agent will enter into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement) which grants the Agent and Purchasers a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Companys obligations under the Additional Debentures. Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary will act as a guarantor with respect to the Companys obligations under the Additional Debentures.

The foregoing description of the Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Security Agreement, the form of which is attached as Exhibit C to the Purchase Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Subsidiary Guarantee

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, and as a condition the Additional Closing, the Subsidiary will enter into a Subsidiary Guarantee (the Subsidiary Guarantee) in favor of the Purchasers, pursuant to which the Subsidiary agrees to guarantee all of the Companys obligations under the Additional Debentures.

The foregoing description of the Subsidiary Guarantee does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Subsidiary Guarantee, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D to the Purchase Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Debentures to be issued under the Purchase Agreement were sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Debentures have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States in the absence of an effective registration statement or exemption from the registration requirements.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On January 22, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the execution of the Purchase Agreement and other transaction documents contemplated thereunder. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, is furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference to the filings of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) The following exhibits are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 17, 2025, by and among Blackboxstocks Inc. and Five Narrow Lane

10.2 

7.00% Senior Debenture dated January 17, 2025

10.3 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

99.1 

Press release dated January 22, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 21, 2025 

Blackboxstocks Inc.

By: 

/s/ Gust Kepler

Gust Kepler

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_767990.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_767990.htm

Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of January 17, 2025, between Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), Five Narrow Lane LP (including its successors and assigns, each a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers), and Five Narrow Lane LP, as collateral agent for the Purchasers (Agent).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Additional Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Additional Debentures pursuant to Section 2.2.

Additional Closing Date means the Trading Day in which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.3(b) and 2.4(b) to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for the Additional Debentures and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Additional Debentures, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Additional Debentures means the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debentures due, subject to the terms therein, the earlier of (i) the closing of the Merger Transaction and (ii) 12 months from the initial issuance date of the Additional Debentures, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder on the Additional Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agent Indemnitees shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.23.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee thereof.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing means each of the Initial Closing and the Additional Closing.

Closing Date means each of the Initial Closing Date and the Additional Closing Date.

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Counsel means Winstead PC with offices located at 2728 N. Harwood Street, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75201.

Conversion Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Additional Debentures.

Debentures means the Initial Debentures and the Additional Debentures.

Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

2

Effective Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission or (b) Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144.

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder

Exempt Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and any securities upon exercise of securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations or pursuant to the terms thereof) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, purchases of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of a corporation or other entity or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (d) securities issued pursuant to the Merger Transaction, (e) subject to following proviso, securities issued in one or more Subsequent Placements as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith for aggregate consideration equal to (or less than) $750,000; and (f) shares of Common Stock issued in any Permitted Variable Rate Transaction; provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, solely for purposes of Section 4.18 hereof and Section 5(b) of the Additional Debenture, any issuance of securities pursuant to clause (e) of this definition shall not constitute an Exempt Issuance.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

3

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time, consistently applied; provided that notwithstanding anything in any Transaction Document to the contrary, for purposes of all definitions and covenants under the Transaction Documents, any obligations of a Person in respect of leases that would have been treated as operating leases, or are exempt from application under an available practical expedient, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 840 (regardless of whether or not then in effect) shall be treated as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants, without giving effect to Accounting Standards Codification 842 requiring operating leases to be recharacterized or treated as capital leases.

Indebtedness of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade credit and accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances, currency swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, in each case, to the extent the foregoing would appear on a balance sheet of such person as a liability, (c) all capital lease obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, and (e) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

Initial Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Initial Debentures pursuant to Section 2.1.

Initial Closing Date means the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.3(a) and 2.4(a) to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount for the Initial Debentures and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Initial Debentures, in each case, have been satisfied or waived.

Initial Debentures means the Senior Debentures due, subject to the terms therein, the earlier of the Trigger Date (as defined therein) and March 15, 2025, issued by the Company to the Purchasers hereunder on the Initial Closing Date, in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Intellectual Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Legend Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c).

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, security interest, encumbrance, levy, lien or charge of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise, against any property, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any lease in the nature of a security interest.

4

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum Rate shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17.

Merger Agreement means the definitive agreement relating to the consummation of the Merger Transaction.

Merger Transaction means any acquisition, merger, consolidation, purchases of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of a corporation or other entity or a strategic transaction approved by the Purchasers and a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company.

Nasdaq Share Cap means, as of any time prior to the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, an amount of shares of Common Stock equal to 19.99% of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date hereof, which amount shall be subject to the same adjustments as the Conversion Price. For the avoidance of doubt, after the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, the Nasdaq Share Cap shall no longer be applicable.

Nasdaq Stockholder Approval means the receipt by the Company of requisite approval from its stockholders to issue more than 19.99% of its outstanding shares of Common Stock at an issue price below the minimum price in payment of interest and the Exit Fee (as defined in the Additional Debentures) and settlement of conversions of the Additional Debentures in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rule 5635.

Permitted Lien shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Debentures.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pledged Securities means any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing all of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Companys Subsidiaries.

Principal Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the amounts set forth below such Purchasers signature block on the signature pages hereto next to the headings Initial Debenture Principal Amount, and Additional Debenture Principal Amount, in each case, in United States Dollars, which shall equal such Purchasers Subscription Amount, provided that the aggregate Principal Amount of all Purchasers for the Initial Debentures shall be $250,000 and an aggregate of $2,000,000 for the Additional Debentures.

5

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Public Information Failure shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Public Information Failure Payments shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3(b).

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.10.

Registration Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the date of the issuance of the Additional Debentures, among the Company and the Purchasers, in a form to be agreed among the Company and the Agent.

Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Purchaser as provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Required Holders means, as of any time, the Purchasers holding a majority of the outstanding principal balance of the Debentures at such time.

Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon conversion in full of all Additional Debentures (including Underlying Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Additional Debentures), ignoring any conversion limits set forth therein.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities means the Debentures and the Underlying Shares.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

6

Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company, the Subsidiaries party thereto and the Agent, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

Security Documents shall mean, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantees, the original Pledged Securities, along with medallion guaranteed executed blank stock powers to the Pledged Securities, and any other documents and filings required thereunder in order to grant the Purchasers a first priority security interest in the assets of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors as provided in the Security Agreement.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock). 

Subscription Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Debentures purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in the Transaction Documents shall refer to a direct or indirect Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company.

Subsidiary Guarantee means the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated the date hereof, by the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto from time to time in favor of the Purchasers, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

Subsidiary Guarantor shall mean each Subsidiary.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, OTCQB Venture Market or OTCQX Best Market and any successors to any of the foregoing.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Debentures, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantees, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

7

Transfer Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the terms of the Additional Debentures, without respect to any limitation or restriction on the conversion of the Additional Debentures.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by OTC Markers, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

ARTICLE II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Initial Closing. On the Initial Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, for an aggregate Subscription Amount of $250,000 the Initial Debentures with an aggregate principal amount of $250,000 . Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3(a) and 2.4(a), the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Initial Closing documentation.

2.2 Additional Closing. On the Additional Closing Date (if any), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, for an aggregate Subscription Amount of up to $1,750,000 the Additional Debentures with an aggregate principal amount of up to $2,000,000. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3(b) and 2.4(b), the Additional Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Additional Closing documentation.

8

2.3 Deliveries.

(a) Initial Closing.

(i) 

On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

i. 

this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

ii. 

an Initial Debenture with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Initial Debenture Principal Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

iii. 

the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

iv. 

[reserved];

v. 

a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Financial Officer, dated as of the Initial Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Section 2.4(a)(ii).

(ii) 

On or prior to the Initial Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

i. 

immediately available funds, via wire transfer, equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount with respect to the Initial Debenture as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser;

ii. 

this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

iii. 

a duly executed Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable.

(b) 

Additional Closing.

(i) 

On or prior to the Additional Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

i. 

an Additional Debenture with a principal amount equal to such Purchasers Additional Debenture Principal Amount, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

ii. 

the Security Agreement duly executed by the Company, along with all of the Security Documents, including the Subsidiary Guarantee, duly executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Pledged Securities and corresponding stock powers;

9

iii. 

the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company;

iv. 

a legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers;

v. 

a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors, dated as of the Additional Closing Date, certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company for the Company, approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, certifying the current versions of the Companys, certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws and certifying as to the signatures and authority of Persons signing this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, and related documents on behalf of the Company; and

vi. 

a certificate, executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Financial Officer, dated as of the Additional Closing Date, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Section 2.4(b)(ii).

(ii) 

On or prior to the Additional Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

i. 

immediately available funds, via wire transfer, equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount with respect to the Additional Debenture as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser;

ii. 

the Security Documents duly executed by such Purchaser and the Agent, as applicable; and

iii. 

the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser.

2.4 Closing Conditions.

(a) Initial Closing.

(i) 

The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

i. 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the Initial Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

10

ii. 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Initial Closing Date shall have been performed; and

iii. 

the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

(ii) 

The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Initial Closing are subject to the following conditions being met, provided, however that such conditions may be waived, modified or amended by the Purchaser:

i. 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Initial Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effects, in all respects) as of such date);

ii. 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Initial Closing Date shall have been performed;

iii. 

the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(a)(i) of this Agreement;

iv. 

there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

v. 

from the date hereof to the Initial Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Initial Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Initial Closing.

11

(b) Additional Closing.

(i) 

The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Additional Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

i. 

The Merger Agreement shall have been duly executed;

ii. 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) on the Additional Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

iii. 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Additional Closing Date shall have been performed; and

iv. 

the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

(ii) 

The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Additional Closing are subject to the following conditions being met, provided, however that such conditions may be waived, modified or amended by the Purchaser:

i. 

The Merger Agreement shall have been duly executed;

ii. 

the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Additional Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effects, in all respects) as of such date);

iii. 

all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Additional Closing Date shall have been performed;

12

iv. 

the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b)(i) of this Agreement;

v. 

there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

vi. 

from the date hereof to the Additional Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys principal Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Additional Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Additional Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a). The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (other than restrictions contained in the organizational documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries and restrictions arising from applicable securities laws), and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

13

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect), and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement.

(i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(ii) Each Subsidiary Guarantor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by such Subsidiary Guarantee and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Subsidiary Guarantee and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other action on the part of the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor, and no further corporate or other action is required by the respective Subsidiary Guarantor, its managers or its members in connection therewith. The Subsidiary Guarantee has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the respective Subsidiary Guarantor and, when delivered in accordance with the terms thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the respective Subsidiary Guarantor enforceable against such Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except (A) as listed by general equitable principals and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

14

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clause (i), (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Underlying Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, (v) filings to be made under the Security Documents, and (vi) Nasdaq Stockholder Approval (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Underlying Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date hereof.

15

(g) Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the date hereof. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of stock options under the Companys incentive stock plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Companys incentive stock plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents that has not been waived by the relevant Person or that the Company cannot cancel. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or written contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock agreements or any similar agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities (other than the Required Approval). There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is not currently, and has not been in the prior 12-months, an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

16

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no material action, suit, notice of violation, or legal proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

17

(k) Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, applicable to the Company, except in each case as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

18

(m) Environmental Laws.The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in material compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws) and (ii) have obtained and are in compliance with all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses.

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(o) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Permitted Liens and (ii) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

(p) Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have would have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as would not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

19

(q) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a material increase in cost.

(r) Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements or restricted stock agreements under any stock incentive plan of the Company.

(s) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in its SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

20

(t) Certain Fees. Other than with respect to Palladium Capital Group, LLC, no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiaries to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

(v) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w) Registration Rights. Other than each of the Purchasers, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiaries.

(x) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in its SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as disclosed in its SEC Reports, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in material compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements applicable to the Company. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

21

(y) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(z) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

22

(bb) Indebtedness. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of each Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Companys assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdictions within one year from each Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes of the Company or its Subsidiaries in any material amount claimed in writing to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction.

(dd) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(ee) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

23

(ff) Accountants. Victor Mokuolo CPA PLLC is the Companys accounting firm and to the Companys knowledge Victor Mokuolo CPA PLLC (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(gg) Seniority. As of each Closing Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the Debentures in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as to the property covered thereby).

(hh) No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(ii) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(jj) Intentionally Omitted.

(kk) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

24

(ll) Form S-3 Eligibility.The Company is eligible to register the resale of the Underlying Shares for resale by the Purchaser on Form S-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(mm) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys 2021 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(nn) Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the knowledge of the Company, there has been no material security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) to the knowledge of the Company, the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery processes consistent with industry standards and practices.

(oo) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(pp) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

25

(qq) No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the "Bad Actor" disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(rr) Other Covered Persons. The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities.

(ss) Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to each Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of each Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

26

(b) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchasers of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which they are a party, the acquisition and purchase of the Securities and the consummation by them of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not conflict with or violate any provision of the Purchasers certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which any Purchaser is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Purchasers is bound or affected.

(c) Own Account. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

(d) Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it converts any Additional Debentures it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12), or (a)(13) under the Securities Act.

(e) Residency. Such Purchasers residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the Shares was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below such Purchasers name on such Purchasers signature page to this Agreement.

(f) General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchasers knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(g) Acknowledgement. The Purchasers acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.1 hereof. The Purchasers further represent to the Company that the Purchasers decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Purchasers and their representatives.

27

(h) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

(i) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it is understood and acknowledged by each Purchaser that: (i) each of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, and each Purchaser has agreed, from the date hereof to the time that no Purchaser owns Securities to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term if such transaction would cause any Purchaser, individually or in the aggregate, to have a net short position in the Common Stock and (ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities. Each Purchaser acknowledges that such aforementioned activities constitute a breach of the Transaction Documents.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

28

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities, as applicable, in the following form:

[NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

29

(c) Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). Provided one or more of the preceding conditions are met, the Company shall cause the general counsel of the Company to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Purchaser promptly after the Effective Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any portion of a Debenture is converted at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchasers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

(d) In addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Underlying Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock delivered in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchasers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Underlying Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the Company of the applicable Underlying Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

30

(e) Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a) Until the time that no Purchaser owns Securities, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act unless the Company is no longer subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

31

(b) At any time during the period commencing from the six month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144 and if a registration statement (including the Registration Statement) covering the resale of such Securities is not effective under the Securities Act, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent 2.0% of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Purchasers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every 30th day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchasers to transfer the Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information FailurePayments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information FailurePayments are incurred and (ii) the third Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information FailurePayments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information FailurePayments in a timely manner, such Public Information FailurePayments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.4 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Additional Debenturesset forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to convert the Additional Debentures. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Additional Debentures. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to convert their Additional Debentures. The Company shall honor conversions of the Additional Debentures and shall deliver Underlying Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

32

4.6 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

4.7 Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents.

4.8 Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material, non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented in writing to the receipt of such information and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, director, agents, employees, or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates, or agents, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

33

4.9 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes.

4.10 Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

34

4.11 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) The Company shall maintain a reserve of the Required Minimum from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

(b) If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Companys certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in any event not later than the 75th day after such date.

(c) The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of such listing or quotation and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on such date on such Trading Market or another Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.12 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until 30 days after the Initial Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, in each case other than as contemplated pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement.

35

(b) From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Debentures, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction (other than Permitted Variable Rate Transactions; provided, that, 50% of the aggregate gross proceeds from such Permitted Variable Rate Transaction is applied to repay the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, under the Initial Debenture or the Additional Debenture, as applicable). Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. As used in the Transaction Documents Permitted Variable Rate Transaction means any bona fide at-the-market offering of any securities by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Company sells Common Stock through a bona fide broker-dealer; provided, that such broker-dealer is named as an underwriter in any registration statement with respect thereto. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction (other than a Permitted Variable Rate Transaction) shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13 Intentionally Omitted.

4.14 Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. Further, the Company shall not make any payment of principal or interest on the Debentures in amounts which are disproportionate to the respective principal amounts outstanding on the Debentures at any applicable time. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

36

4.15 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will, directly or indirectly, execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.16 Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.17 Principal Market Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, prior to the receipt of the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, the Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Additional Debentures if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, together with any other related transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions, would exceed the Nasdaq Share Cap, except that such limitation shall not apply in the event that the Company (a) receives the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, or (b) concludes, after consultation with outside counsel to the Company that such approval is not required, which conclusion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holders. In the event of a proposed conversion of the Additional Debentures, the Nasdaq Share Cap shall be applied on a pro rata basis among the shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be issued in the proposed conversions at such time.

37

4.18 Most Favored Nation. So long as the Debentures remain outstanding, each holder of the Securities shall have most favored nation status with respect to any debt or equity financing (including, without limitation, the issuance of convertible debt and equity securities of any nature) obtained by the Company (Additional Financing). In the event that the Company obtains any such Additional Financing that includes terms more favorable than those granted to any holder of the Securities, whether under this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or otherwise, then, upon written demand by one or more of such holders, any such more favorable terms shall be made applicable to the then outstanding Debentures. The Company and such holders shall negotiate in good faith the appropriate form and substance of any such modification to be made to the Transaction Documents taking into account the totality of the circumstances and the terms of the Additional Financing. Any such modifications shall be approved by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Debentures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.18 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance.

4.19 Participation in Future Financing.

(a) From the date hereof through the later of: (x) the date that is twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date (as defined in the Initial Debenture) of the Initial Debenture and (y) if there is an Additional Closing, the date that is twelve (12) months after the Maturity Date (as defined in the Additional Debentures) of the Additional Debentures, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (including but not limited to privately placed Indebtedness or equity-linked Indebtedness), any preferred stock, Common Stock, options or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock, in each case, for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination thereof (an Subsequent Placement), the Purchasers shall have the right to purchase their respective Pro Rata Portion of the Participation Maximum, on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Placement. For purposes hereof Participation Maximum means 100% and Pro Rata Portion means the ratio of (x) the Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the applicable Closing Date by a Purchaser participating under this Section 4.15 and (y) the sum of the aggregate Subscription Amount of Securities purchased on the applicable Closing Date by all Purchasers participating under this Section 4.15.

(b) In the case of a Subsequent Placement:

(i) At least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of a Subsequent Placement, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written notice asking the Purchaser it consents to the receipt of material non-public information pursuant to this Section 4.15 (Pre-Notice). If a Purchaser consents to the receipt of material non-public information, it shall so notify the Company within two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the Pre-Notice. If such Purchaser so consents, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Trading Day after such consent, deliver the details of such proposed Subsequent Placement (the Subsequent Placement Notice) to such Purchaser. The Subsequent Placement Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Placement, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Placement is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

38

(ii) Any Purchaser desiring to participate in such Subsequent Placement shall provide written notice (the Participation Notice) to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after delivery of the Subsequent Placement Notice (the Notice Deadline), with such Participation Notice setting forth: (i) that such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Placement and willing to execute the relevant transaction documents for the Subsequent Placement on the terms and conditions set forth in such transaction documents; (ii) the amount of such Purchasers participation; and (iii) each participating Purchasers representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the terms set forth in the Subsequent Placement. If the Purchaser fails to deliver the Participation Notice to the Company by the Notice Deadline, such Purchaser shall forfeit its right to participate in the Subsequent Placement. 

(iii) If by the Notice Deadline, the Company receives Participation Notices that are, in the aggregate, less than the Participation Maximum, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Placement, including the difference between the amount to be purchased by Purchasers and the Participation Maximum, on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Placement.

4.20 Capital Changes. Except for a reverse stock split effected in connection with maintaining compliance with the rules of any Trading Market, until the one-year anniversary of the Initial Closing Date, the Company shall not undertake a reverse or forward stock split or reclassification of the Common Stock without the prior written consent of the Purchasers holding a majority in principal amount outstanding of the Debentures.

4.21 Exclusivity. Prior to the Initial Closing, the Company agrees not to, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, continue, or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or enter into any agreement with, or encourage or respond to any inquiries or proposals by, or participate in any negotiations with, or provide any information to, or commence due diligence with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way, the issuance of any indebtedness of the Company or other convertible securities of the Company.

ARTICLE V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by (i) any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers and (ii) the Company, as to the Companys obligations hereunder, by written notice to the other parties, if the Initial Closing has not been consummated on or January 23, 2025, provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

39

5.2 Fees and Expenses. The Company has agreed to reimburse the Purchasers for their reasonable and documented legal fees and expenses up to $35,000, which may be increased with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other similar taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and holders of at least a majority in interest of the Debentures based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

40

5.6 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Debentures, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Debentures by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.10.

5.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

5.10 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

41

5.12 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Intentionally Omitted.

5.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Company with respect to the certificate alleged to have been mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

42

5.17 Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by such Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at such Purchasers election.

5.18 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through Haynes and Boone, LLP. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.19 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.20 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

43

5.21 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.22 Tax Matters. The Company and the Purchaser agree (i) to treat the Debentures as debt for all U.S. federal and state income tax purposes, and, in accordance with Section 385(c) of the Code, such characterization shall be binding upon the Purchasers and the Company (along with their successors and assigns) and (ii) not to take any position contrary to this Section 5.22 on any tax return, tax audit or other tax proceedings unless otherwise required by applicable law.

5.23WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

5.24 Agent.

(a) Each Purchaser hereby (i) appoints Agent, as the collateral agent hereunder and under the other Security Documents, and (ii) authorizes the Agent (and its officers, directors, employees and agents) to take such action on such Purchasers behalf in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The Agent shall not have, by reason hereof or any of the other Security Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Purchaser. Neither the Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall have any liability to any Purchaser for any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection hereof or any other Security Document except to the extent caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, and each Purchaser agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Agent and all of its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the Agent Indemnitees) from and against any losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses) incurred by such Agent Indemnitee, whether direct, indirect or consequential, arising from or in connection with the performance by such Agent Indemnitee of the duties and obligations of Agent pursuant hereto or any of the Security Documents. The Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Holders, and such instructions shall be binding upon all holders of Notes; provided, however, that the Agent shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent, exposes the Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or applicable law. The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it.

44

(b) Successor Agent.

(i) The Agent may resign from the performance of all its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents at any time by giving at least ten Business Days prior written notice to the Company and each holder of Notes. Such resignation shall take effect upon the acceptance by a successor Agent of appointment pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) below or as otherwise provided below. The Required Holders may, by written consent, remove the Agent from all its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents.

(ii) Upon any such notice of resignation or removal, the Holders shall appoint a successor collateral agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor agent, such successor collateral agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the collateral agent, and the Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. After the Agents resignation or removal hereunder as the collateral agent, the provisions of this Section 6.1 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Agent under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(iii) If a successor collateral agent shall not have been so appointed within ten Business Days of receipt of a written notice of resignation or removal, the Agent shall then appoint a successor collateral agent who shall serve as the Agent until such time, if any, as the Required Holders appoint a successor collateral agent as provided above.

(iv) In the event that a successor Agent is appointed pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.1 that is not a Purchaser or an affiliate of any Purchaser (or the Required Holders or the Agent (or its successor), as applicable, notify the Company that they or it wants to appoint such a successor Agent pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.1), the Company and each Subsidiary thereof covenants and agrees to promptly take all actions reasonably requested by the Required Holders or the Agent (or its successor), as applicable, from time to time, to secure a successor Agent satisfactory to the requesting part(y)(ies), in their sole discretion, including, without limitation, by paying all reasonable and customary fees and expenses of such successor Agent, by having the Company and each Subsidiary thereof agree to indemnify any successor Agent pursuant to reasonable and customary terms and by each of the Company and each Subsidiary thereof executing a collateral agency agreement or similar agreement and/or any amendment to the Security Documents reasonably requested or required by the successor Agent.

(Signature Pages Follow)

45

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 

Address for Notice:

5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485

Dallas, Texas 75240

By: /s/ Gust Kepler 

Name: Gust Kepler

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Email: gust@blackboxstocks.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

46

[AGENT SIGNATURE PAGE TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

FIVE NARROW LANE LP 

Address for Notice:

510 Madison Ave, Suite

1401 New York, NY 10022

By: /s/ Joseph Hammer

Name: Joseph Hammer

Title: General Partner 

47

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: Five Narrow Lane

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: /s/ Joseph Hammer

Name of Authorized Signatory: Joseph Hammer

Title of Authorized Signatory: General Partner

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: joe@lhxcorp.com

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

510 Madison Ave, Suite 1401 New York, NY 10022

Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription Amount: up to $2,000,000

Initial Debenture Principal Amount: $250,000

Additional Debenture Principal Amount: $ up to $2,000,000 (inclusive of $250,000 of Initial Debenture)

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

48

EXHIBIT A

Form of Additional Debenture

[attached]

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: [], 2025

$[]1

AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE DUE THE EARLIER OF THE TRIGGER DATE AND [], 202[ ]2

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SENIOR SECURED CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Senior Secured Convertible Debentures of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas, designated as its Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due the earlier of the Trigger Date and [], 202[ ] (this debenture, the Debenture and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures) and is issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as defined below).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Five Narrow Lane LP or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $750,0003 the earlier to occur of the Trigger Date and [ ], 202[ ] (such earlier date, Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1.Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

1 Amount to be increased by an additional $750,000 upon the occurrence of the filing of the registration statement on Form S-4 and an additional $500,000 upon the registration statement being declared effective.

2 To be the date that is 12 months following the date of the issuance.

3 Includes the principal amount of the Initial Debenture.

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Base Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(d).

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting power of the Company (other than by means of conversion of the Debentures and the Securities issued together with the Debentures), (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

2

Collateral shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Conversion Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof.

Debenture Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Delaware Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

Disqualified Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity Interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock.

Effectiveness Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Effectiveness Trigger Date shall mean the date on which the Merger Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

3

Equity Conditions means, during the applicable period, (a) the Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder, if any, (b) the Company shall have paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (c)(i) there is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and shares issuable in lieu of cash payments of interest) may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements as determined by the counsel to the Company as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) the shares issuable upon conversion in full of the Prepayment Amount to the Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 4(d), (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction (other the Merger Transaction) that has not been consummated, and (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information.

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

Filing Trigger Date shall mean the date on which the registration statement on Form S-4 is filed with the Commission in connection with the Merger Transaction (the Merger Registration Statement).

Floor Price means $5.00 per share.

Indebtedness of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances, current swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, (c) all capital lease obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, (e) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, (f) Disqualified Stock, and (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

4

Interest Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Investments means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition (including by merger) of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person.

Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Mandatory Default Amount means the sum of (a) the greater of (i) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest hereon, divided by the Conversion Price on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (A) demanded (if demand or notice is required to create an Event of Default) or otherwise due or (B) paid in full, whichever has a lower Conversion Price, multiplied by the VWAP on the date the Mandatory Default Amount is either (x) demanded or otherwise due or (y) paid in full, whichever has a higher VWAP, or (ii) 115% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, plus 100% of accrued and unpaid interest hereon, and (b) all other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of this Debenture.

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) other unsecured Indebtedness not exceeding $50,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and (e) Indebtedness that (1) is expressly subordinate to the Debentures pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (2) matures at a date later than the 91st day following the Maturity Date.

5

Permitted Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder, (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased, (e) easements, rights of way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar Liens, in each case, not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the Companys business, and (f) Liens existing on the date hereof and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof.

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Company and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii).

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trigger Date means the date on which the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) are consummated.

Section 2.Payments.

(a) Payment of Interest. The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 7.0% per annum, payable on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment Date) (if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash or, provided that no Event of Default has occured or is continuing and subject to Section 4(d) hereof, at the option of the Holder, in the form of Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 4 hereof, or a combination thereof.

(b) Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date (or, with respect to the principal amount of any Additional Loan under this Debenture, the date such Additional Loan is funded) until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register).

6

(c) Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

(d) Prepayment. With the prior written consent of the Holder, the Company may deliver a written notice (a Prepayment Notice and the date that such Prepayment Notice is delivered the Prepayment Notice Date) to the Holder of its irrevocable election to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture plus (i) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) the Exit Fee, and plus (iii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable (collectively, the Prepayment Amount) for cash on the 5th Trading Day (or such period up to the 30th Trading Day as extended with the consent of the Holder) after the Prepayment Notice Date (the Prepayment Date and such 5 to 30 Trading Day period, the Prepayment Period and such prepayment, the Prepayment). The Company may only effect a Prepayment if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Prepayment Notice Date through to the Prepayment Date and through and including the date payment of the Prepayment Amount is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Prepayment Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Prepayment Notice by notice to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met in which case the Prepayment Notice shall be null and void, ab initio. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may elect to convert all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture pursuant to Section 4 at any time, and from time to time, prior to actual payment in cash of the Prepayment under this Section 2(d) by the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company. For the further avoidance of doubt, the Company shall honor all conversions occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the Holder during the Prepayment Period.

Section 3.Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

(a) Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b) Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

7

(c) Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 4.Conversion.

(a) Voluntary Conversion. At any time after the Original Issue Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this Debenture shall be convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Holder, at any time and from time to time (subject to the conversion limitations set forth in Section 4(d)). The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering to the Company a Notice of Conversion, the form of which is attached hereto as Annex A (each, a Notice of Conversion), specifying therein the principal amount of this Debenture to be converted and the date on which such conversion shall be effected (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.To effect conversions hereunder, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Debenture to the Company unless the entire principal amount of this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, has been so converted in which case the Holder shall surrender this Debenture as promptly as is reasonably practicable after such conversion without delaying the Companys obligation to deliver the shares on the Share Delivery Date. Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to the applicable conversion. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the principal amount(s) converted and the date of such conversion(s). The Company may deliver an objection to any Notice of Conversion within one (1) Business Day of delivery of such Notice of Conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the records of the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. The Holder, and any assignee by acceptance of this Debenture, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Debenture, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Debenture may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

(b) Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to [$_______]4, subject to adjustment as provided herein (the Conversion Price); provided, that the Conversion Price will at no time be lower than the Floor Price.

4 To equal 175% of the closing price on the day prior to the issuance.

8

(c) Mechanics of Conversion.

(i) Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of Principal Amount. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.

(ii) Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Holder (A) the Conversion Shares which, on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effectiveness Date, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Debenture and (B) a certified check (or wire transfer) in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest. On or after the earlier of (i) the six-month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effectiveness Date, the Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion.

(iii) Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Company at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Company shall promptly return to the Holder any original Debenture delivered to the Company and the Holder shall promptly return to the Company the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice.

9

(iv) Obligation Absolute. The Companys obligations to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Company of any such action the Company may have against the Holder. In the event the Holder of this Debenture shall elect to convert any or all of the outstanding principal amount hereof, the Company may not refuse conversion based on any claim that the Holder or anyone associated or affiliated with the Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of this Debenture shall have been sought and obtained, and the Company posts a surety bond for the benefit of the Holder in the amount of 150% of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to the Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Company shall issue Conversion Shares required to be delivered hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8 for the Companys failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

(v) Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii), and if after such Share Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Debenture in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Company had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 4(c)(ii). For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Debenture with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Debenture as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

10

(vi) Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of this Debenture, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Debentures), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5) upon the conversion of the then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture. The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Registration Statement (subject to such Holders compliance with its obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement).

(vii) Fractional Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of this Debenture. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Company shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share.

(viii) Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Debenture shall be made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder of this Debenture so converted and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

11

(d) Holders Conversion Limitations. The Company shall not effect any conversion of this Debenture, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Debenture, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted principal amount of this Debenture beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, any other Debentures) beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 4(d) applies, the determination of whether this Debenture is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Debenture may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates or Attribution Parties) and which principal amount of this Debenture is convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 4(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company, or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Debenture, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Debenture. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 4(d) shall continue to apply. Any decrease in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 5th Business Day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Debenture.

12

(e) Holder of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any Conversion Share is issuable or deliverable upon conversion of this Note will be deemed for all corporate purposes to hold such share as of the close of business on the date of receipt by such Person of the Conversion Shares for such conversion.

Section 5.Certain Adjustments.

(a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon conversion of, or payment of interest on, the Debentures), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

(b) Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive Issuance) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each Dilutive Issuance the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price, provided that the Base Conversion Price shall not be less than the Floor Price (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions following the date of the Purchase Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 5(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.

13

(c) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 5(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

(d) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Debenture is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Debenture, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

14

(e) Adjustment to Conversion Price. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 5, the Company shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

(f) Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be delivered to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Debenture Register, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall remain entitled to convert this Debenture during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

15

(g) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Debenture is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Debenture, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Debenture is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 4(d). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Debenture following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(g) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Debenture, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Debenture a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Debenture which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Debenture (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Debenture) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Debenture immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein

16

(h) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 5 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) issued and outstanding.

(i) Nasdaq Share Cap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Debenture, prior to the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, the number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of all Debentures in the aggregate under the Debentures will be subject to, and shall not exceed, the Nasdaq Share Cap. Prior to the receipt of Nasdaq Stockholder Approval, (i) if the Company receives a Notice of Conversion from more than one Holder of Debentures for the same Conversion Date and, due to the Nasdaq Share Cap, the Company can convert some, but not all, of such Debentures submitted for conversion on such date into Common Stock, then the Company shall convert from each Holder of Debentures electing to have Debentures converted on such Conversion Date a pro rata amount of such Holders portion of its Debentures submitted for conversion based on the principal amount of Debentures submitted for conversion on such date by such Holder relative to the aggregate principal amount of all Debentures submitted for conversion on such Conversion Date; (ii) the Company shall be entitled to settle conversions of Debentures in shares of Common Stock up to the Nasdaq Share Cap and shall not be required to pay any cash in respect of the shares of Common Stock not delivered; and (iii) any Debentures surrendered for conversion for which any shares of Common Stock are not required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5(i) shall not be converted or extinguished and shall instead be returned to the Holders and shall remain outstanding.

Section 6.Exit Fee. Upon any prepayment by the Company in cash of all or any of the principal amount of this Debenture (whether on or prior to the Maturity Date), the Company shall pay to the Holder concurrently with such prepayment an exit fee in an amount equal to 15% of the principal amount of this Debenture being prepaid (an Exit Fee).

17

Section 7.Covenants.

(a) Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(i) other than Permitted Indebtedness, except with the prior written consent of the Holder, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(ii) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

(iii) amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

(iv) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a deminimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents, and (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

18

(v) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis, other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that such payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

(vi) pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

(vii) assign, sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of any its assets (including, without limitation, any disposition to any Subsidiary that has not executed and delivered the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to the Agent) other than (a) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, and (b) other dispositions not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per year, and (c) following a Change of Control Transaction, upon written consent of the Holder, dispoistions of securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Company or its Subsidiaries;

(viii) make or hold any Investments other than: (a) Investments existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and that are disclosed in the SEC Reports (provided, for clarity, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall increase the size of its Investment in any such Investment existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement other than in accordance with this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents), (b) Investments in cash and cash equivalents held in deposit accounts at U.S. banks, (c) Investments in Subsidiaries; and (e) other Investments that do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per calendar year;

(ix) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

(x) from the date hereof until September 1, 2025, (i) incur operating expenses in excess of $1,300,000 in any consecutive three-month periods or (ii) make capital expenditures (as determined in accordance with GAAP) other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business; or

(xi) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Affirmative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

(i) preserve and maintain its legal existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which qualification is necessary in view of its business and operations or the ownership of its properties and where failure maintain or qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

19

(ii) provide to Agent and the Holder, promptly upon becoming aware thereof (and in any event within one (1) day after the occurrence thereof), a notice of each Event of Default known to an executive officer of the Company, together with a statement of such executive officer setting forth the details of such Event of Default and the actions which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

(iii) (a) pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (i) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; and (iii) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to the terms of this Debenture; and (b) timely file all material tax returns required to be filed (subject to any valid extension);

(iv) (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(v) comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property;

(vi) [reserved];

(vii) maintain (a) insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles) customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured against, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) all workers compensation, employers liability insurance or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business. All such insurance policies required pursuant to clause (a) of this Section shall name the Agent as a loss payee (in the case of property or other casualty insurance) and an additional insured (in the case of liability insurance);

20

(viii) use reasonable efforts to cause the Company to remain eligible to use Form S-3 for a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(x) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Section 8. Events of Default.

(a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

(i) any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within three (3) Trading Days;

(ii) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures (other than a breach by the Company of its obligations to deliver shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion, which breach is addressed in clause (xii) below) or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

(iii) a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

(iv) any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

(v) the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

21

(vi) the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any Indebtedness, that (a) involves an obligation greater than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

(vii) the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

(viii) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any (A) Change of Control Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction) or (ii) Fundamental Transaction, in each case, other than the Merger Transaction;

(ix) any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Purchase Agreement;

(x) the Initial Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) shall not have been (x) filed on or prior to the Filing Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or (y) declared effective by the Commission on or prior to the Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or the Company does not meet the current public information requirements under Rule 144 in respect of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement);

(xi) if, during the Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), either (a) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement lapses for any reason or (b) the Holder shall not be permitted to resell Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) under the Registration Statement for a period of more than 20 consecutive Trading Days or 30 non-consecutive Trading Days during any 12 month period;

(xii) the Company shall fail for any reason to deliver Conversion Shares to a Holder prior to the fifth Trading Day after a Conversion Date pursuant to Section 4(c) or the Company shall provide at any time notice to the Holder, including by way of public announcement, of the Companys intention to not honor requests for conversions of any Debentures in accordance with the terms hereof;

(xiii) the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

(xiv) any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

22

(xv) any Security Document shall for any reason (other than solely as a result of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement)) fail or cease to create a valid Lien on any material portion of the Collateral in favor of the Holder; or any material provision of any Security Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as a result of any action or inaction by the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement)) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company, any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any such Subsidiary, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof; or

(xvi) the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, the Mandatory Default Amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that such acceleration shall be automatic, without any notice or other action of the Required Holders required, in respect of an Event of Default occurring pursuant to clause (v) of Section 8(a). Commencing 5 days after the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18.0% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 8(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 9.Incremental Loan Facilities.

(a) Additional Loans.

(i) At any time following the Filing Trigger Date and prior to the Maturity Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Debenture and the Purchase Agreement and provided that (i) no other default or Event of Default has occurred and (ii) the shares of Common Stock of the Company continue to be listed or quoted on any national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted, upon the request by the Company, the Holder shall make an additional loan (the Filing Loan) under this Debenture to the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon the funding of the Filing Loan, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture shall be increased by the principal amount of such Filing Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the Filing Loan shall be in the amount requested by the Company but shall not exceed $750,000.

23

(ii) At any time following the Effectiveness Trigger Date and prior to the Maturity Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Debenture and the Purchase Agreement and provided that (i) no other default or Event of Default has occurred and (ii) the shares of Common Stock of the Company continue to be listed or quoted on any national securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted, upon the request by the Company, the Holder shall make an additional loan (the Effectiveness Loan and, together with the Filing Loan, the Additional Loans) under this Debenture to the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. Upon the funding of the Effectiveness Loan, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture shall be increased by the principal amount of such Effectiveness Loan, which, for the avoidance of doubt, will be in addition to the principal amount of the Filing Loan. The aggregate principal amount of the Effectiveness Loan shall be in the amount requested by the Company but shall not exceed $500,000.

(b) Request for Additional Loans. In order to request any Additional Loan, the Company shall deliver a written request (which may be by email) to the Holder no later than 12:00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately preceding the funding date of the applicable Additional Loan setting forth (1) the requested funding date of the applicable Additional Loan, which shall be a Business Day occurring on the date on which all conditions to such funding have been satisfied, (2) the requested amount of the applicable Additional Loan, and (3) wire instructions for the Companys account where the proceeds of the applicable Additional Loan shall be deposited. Any request for the Additional Loan shall be irrevocable and binding on the Company.

(c) Conditions to Additional Loans. The Holder may in its sole discretion agree to waive any of the conditions set forth in this Section 9 for the funding of each Additional Loan.

Section 10. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 10(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

24

(b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks paripassu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

(c) Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

(d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

25

(e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

(f) Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

(g) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

26

(h) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

(i) The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section 11. Secured Obligation. The obligations of the Company under this Debenture are secured by the Collateral.

Section 12. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, in the event that the Company believes that such notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate in such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries and, simultaneously with the delivery of such notice to the Holder, the Company shall publicly disclose the contents of such notice in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission. If the Company does not indicate to the Holder with delivery of such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters set forth in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

ANNEX A

NOTICE OF CONVERSION

Reference is made to the Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due [ ] (the Debenture) of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company).

The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the Debenture into shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock) according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith. No fee will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such issue, stamp, transfer and similar taxes, if any.

By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not exceed the amounts specified under Section 4 of this Debenture, as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act.

The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock.

Conversion calculations: 

Date to Effect Conversion:

Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted:

Payment of Interest in Common Stock __ yes __ no

If yes, $_____ of Interest Accrued on Account of Conversion at Issue.

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

Signature:

Name:

Address for Delivery of Common Stock Certificates:

Or

DWAC Instructions:

DTC Participant Number:

DTC Participant Name:

Account Number:

EXHIBIT B

Form of Initial Debenture

[attached]

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: January 17, 2025

$250,000

DEBENTURE DUE THE EARLIER OF THE TRIGGER DATE AND MARCH 15, 2025

THIS DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Debentures of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas, designated as its Debenture due the earlier of the Trigger Date and March 15, 2025 (this debenture, the Debenture and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Five Narrow Lane LP or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $250,000 on the earlier to occur of the Trigger Date and March 15, 2025 (the Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting power of the Company, (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Debenture Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

2

Disqualified Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity Interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock.

Equity Conditions means, during the applicable period, (a) the Company shall have paid all amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (b) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (c) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (d) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Change of Control Transaction (other than the Merger Transaction) that has not been consummated, and (e) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information.

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Indebtedness of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances, current swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, (c) all capital lease obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, (e) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, (f) Disqualified Stock, and (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

Interest Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Investments means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition (including by merger) of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person.

3

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) other unsecured Indebtedness not exceeding $50,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and (e) Indebtedness that (1) is expressly subordinate to the Debentures pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (2) matures at a date later than the 91st day following the Maturity Date.

Permitted Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder, (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased, (f) easements, rights of way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar Liens, in each case, not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the Companys business, and (g) Liens existing on the date hereof and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof..

4

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Company and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trigger Conditions means, as of any date: (a) no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (b) no event or condition has resulted in, or could be reasonably expected to cause, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or to result in a Material Adverse Effect from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (c) the Company has executed and delivered such documents as Holder may reasonably request in connection with the exchange of this Debenture for the A&R Debenture (as defined below), including, without limitation, the Security Documents and the Registration Rights Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Holder and (d) the satisfaction of any additional covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3(b) and 2.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement.

Trigger Date means the date on which the Merger Agreement is duly executed by the parties signatory thereto.

Section 2. Payments.

a) Payment of Interest in Cash. The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 7.0% per annum, payable on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment Date) (if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash.

b) Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register).

5

c) Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

d) Prepayment. At any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may deliver a written notice (a Prepayment Notice and the date that such Prepayment Notice is delivered the Prepayment Notice Date) to the Holder of its irrevocable election to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture plus (i) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) the Exit Fee, and plus (iii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable (collectively, the Prepayment Amount) for cash on the 5th Trading Day (or such period up to the 30th Trading Day as extended with the consent of the Holder) after the Prepayment Notice Date (the Prepayment Date and such 5 to 30 Trading Day period, the Prepayment Period and such prepayment, the Prepayment). The Company may only effect a Prepayment if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Prepayment Notice Date through to the Prepayment Date and through and including the date payment of the Prepayment Amount is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Prepayment Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Prepayment Notice by notice to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met in which case the Prepayment Notice shall be null and void, ab initio.

Section 3.Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

a) Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

b) Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c) Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

6

Section 4.Trigger Date. On the Trigger Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash the entire outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the applicable Exit Fee and any other amounts due hereunder; provided that, if the Trigger Conditions are satisfied as of such date, this Debenture shall be exchanged for an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture of the Company in the agreed form provided for in the Purchase Agreement and on the terms and conditions set forth therein (the A&R Debenture).

Section 5. Exit Fee. Upon any prepayment by the Company in cash of all or any of the principal amount of this Debenture (whether on or prior to the Maturity Date), the Company shall pay to the Holder concurrently with such prepayment an exit fee in an amount equal to 15% of the principal amount of this Debenture being prepaid (an Exit Fee).

Section 6. Covenants.

(a) Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

i. other than Permitted Indebtedness, except with the prior written consent of the Holder, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

ii. other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

iii. amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

iv. repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a deminimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

v. repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis, other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that such payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

7

vi. pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

vii. assign, sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of any its assets (including, without limitation, any Disposition to any Subsidiary that has not executed and delivered the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to the Agent) other than (a) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (b) other Dispositions not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per year; and (c) following a Change of Control Transaction, upon written consent of the Holder, dispositions of securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Company or its Subsidiaries;

viii. make or hold any Investments other than: (a) Investments existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and that are disclosed in the SEC Reports (provided, for clarity, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall increase the size of its Investment in any such Investment existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement other than in accordance with this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents), (b) Investments in cash and cash equivalents held in deposit accounts at U.S. banks, (c) Investments in Subsidiaries; and (e) other Investments that do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per calendar year;

ix. enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

x. from the date hereof until September 1, 2025, (i) incur operatingexpenses in excess of $1,300,000 in any consecutive three-month periods or (ii) make capital expenditures (as determined in accordance with GAAP) other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business; or

xi. enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Affirmative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

i. preserve and maintain its legal existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which qualification is necessary in view of its business and operations or the ownership of its properties and where failure maintain or qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

8

ii. provide to Agent and the Holder, promptly upon becoming aware thereof (and in any event within one (1) day after the occurrence thereof), a notice of each Event of Default known to an executive officer of the Company, together with a statement of such executive officer setting forth the details of such Event of Default and the actions which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

iii. (a) pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (i) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; and (iii) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to the terms of this Debenture; and (b) timely file all material tax returns required to be filed (subject to any valid extension);

iv. (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

v. comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property;

vi. [reserved];

vii. maintain (a) insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles) customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured against, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) all workers compensation, employers liability insurance or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business. All such insurance policies required pursuant to clause (a) of this Section shall name the Agent as a loss payee (in the case of property or other casualty insurance) and an additional insured (in the case of liability insurance);

viii. use reasonable efforts to cause the Company to remain eligible to use Form S-3 for a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(x) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

9

Section 7. Events of Default.

a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i. any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within 3 Trading Days;

ii. the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

iii. a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

iv. any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v. the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

vi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any Indebtedness, that (a) involves an obligation greater than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

vii. the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

10

viii. the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction), in each case other than the Merger Transaction;

ix. any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.2(a) of the Purchase Agreement;

x. the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

xi. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

xii. the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect.

b) Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, the Exit Payment, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that such acceleration shall be automatic, without any notice or other action of the Required Holders required, in respect of an Event of Default occurring pursuant to clause (v) of Section 7(a). Commencing 5 days after the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18.0% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 7(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

11

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 8(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks paripassu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

c) Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

12

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the DelawareCourts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

13

g) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

h) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

i) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section 9. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, in the event that the Company believes that such notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate in such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries and, simultaneously with the delivery of such notice to the Holder, the Company shall publicly disclose the contents of such notice in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission. If the Company does not indicate to the Holder with delivery of such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters set forth in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By: /s/ Gust Kepler

Name: Gust Kepler

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT C

Form of Security Agreement

[attached]

SECURITY AGREEMENT

This SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of [ ], 2025 (this Agreement), is among Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), the Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto (such Subsidiaries, the Guarantors and together with the Company, the Debtors), and [_____], a [_____] company, as the collateral agent (the Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, the Purchasers (as defined therein, and together with the Agent, collectively, the Secured Parties), and the Agent, the Purchasers have severally agreed to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by Senior Secured Convertible Debentures Due [], 2026 (the Debentures);

WHEREAS, pursuant to a certain Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of the date hereof (the Guarantee), the Guarantors have jointly and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for payment of such Debentures; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Parties to extend the loans evidenced by the Debentures, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Parties this Agreement and to grant the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties), paripassu with each other Secured Party and through the Agent (as defined in Section 18 hereof), a security interest in certain property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Companys obligations under the Debentures and the Guarantors obligations under the Guarantee.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement (x) that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC and (y) that are defined in the Debentures, shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the Debentures.

(a) Collateral means the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities:

(i) All goods, including, without limitation, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

(ii) All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, Intellectual Property and income tax refunds;

(iii) All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv) All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v) All commercial tort claims;

(vi) All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii) All investment property other than, following the consummation a Change of Control Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) upon written consent of the Secured Parties, securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Debtors which shall not constitute Collateral for purposes hereof;

(viii) All supporting obligations;

2

(ix) All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer programs; and

(x) The Products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i) (ix) above.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in each Guarantor, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity interests as disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof, and any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests of any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Collateral shall not include (a) any property that is the subject of a lien securing purchase money indebtedness or leases permitted under the Debentures where the applicable purchase agreement or lease prohibits any Debtor from granting any other liens in such property, (b) [reserved], (c) any application to register a trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on the basis of an intent-to-use until an applicable statement of use has been submitted and accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect thereto, and (d) any lease, license or other contract of any Debtor if the grant of a security interest in such lease, license or contract in the manner contemplated by this Agreement is prohibited by the terms of such lease, license or contract or by applicable law and would result in the termination of such lease, license or contract or give the other parties thereto the right to terminate, accelerate or otherwise adversely alter any Debtors rights, titles and interests thereunder (including upon the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both); provided, that (i) any such limitation described in the foregoing clause (a) on the security interests granted hereunder shall apply only to the extent that any such prohibition could not be rendered ineffective pursuant to the UCC or any other applicable law (including pursuant to a Bankruptcy Event (as defined in the Debentures)) or principles of equity and (ii) in the event of the termination or elimination of any such prohibition or the requirement for any consent contained in such lease, license or contract or in any Applicable Law, to the extent sufficient to permit any such item to become Collateral hereunder, or upon the granting of any such consent, or waiving or terminating any requirement for such consent, a security interest in such lease, license or contract shall be automatically and simultaneously granted hereunder and shall be included as Collateral hereunder.

3

(b) Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vi) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (vii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

(c) Majority in Interest means, at any time of determination, the majority in interest (based on then outstanding principal amount of Debentures at the time of such determination) of the Secured Parties.

(d) Necessary Endorsement means undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other instruments or documents as the Agent (as that term is defined below) may reasonably request.

(e) Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of any Debtor to the Secured Parties, in each case arising under this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Secured Parties as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under or in connection with this Agreement, the Debentures, the Guarantee and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

4

(f) Organizational Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement).

(g) Pledged Interests shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(j).

(h) Release Date shall mean the conversion of and/or repayment in full in cash of, all amounts owed under the Debentures (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(i) Pledged Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4(i).

(j) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

2. Grant of Security Interest in Collateral. As an inducement for the Secured Parties to extend the loans as evidenced by the Debentures and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Agent (on behalf and for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (a Security Interest and, collectively, the Security Interests).

5

3. Delivery of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of this Agreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to Agent, or have previously delivered to Agent, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

4. Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors. Each Debtor represents and warrants to, and solely until the Release Date covenants and agrees with, the Secured Parties as follows:

(a) Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity.

(b) Except for the Debtors respective principal places of business, the Debtors have no other place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where Collateral is stored or located. If applicable, each Debtor is the lessee or record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures). None of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

(c) Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), the Debtors are the sole owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and are fully authorized through all corporate or limited liability company power, as applicable, to grant the Security Interests. There is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. As long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any other financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or in connection with any Permitted Lien)

6

(d) No written claim has been received that any Collateral or any Debtors use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse decision to any Debtors claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to any Debtors right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority.

(e) Each Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its Collateral at the locations disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof and may not relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Parties at least ten days prior to such relocation (i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing statements under the UCC and other necessary documents, if any, have been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interests to create in favor of the Secured Parties a valid, perfected and continuing perfected first priority lien in the Collateral.

(f) This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Parties a valid security interest in the Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, the recordation of the Intellectual Property Security Agreement1 (as defined in Section 4(p) hereof), and the execution and delivery of any deposit account control agreements satisfying the requirements of Section 9-104(a)(2) of the UCC, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Agent and the Secured Parties hereunder.

1 NTD: Can the Company confirm and list any patents, trademarks or other IP it owns? [Note: BLBX maintains 3 registered trademarks]

7

(g) Each Debtor hereby authorizes the Agent to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interests, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by it.

(h) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtors debt or otherwise). If any, all required consents (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) necessary for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder have been obtained.

(i) The capital stock and other equity interests disclosed in a schedule provided to the Agent prior to the date hereof (the Pledged Securities) represent all of the capital stock and other equity interests of the Guarantors, and represent all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for the security interests created by this Agreement and other Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures).

(j) The ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged Interests) by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held in a securities account or by any financial intermediary.

(k) Except for Permitted Liens (as defined in the Debentures), each Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interests provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Parties until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Parties. At the request of the Agent, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Agent to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interests hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Agent from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interests hereunder.

8

(l) No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral (except as permitted under the Debentures) without the prior written consent of a Majority in Interest.

(m) Each Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order (ordinary war and tear excluded), and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.

(n) Each Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral, including Collateral hereafter acquired, against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such policy to certify to the Agent, that (a) the Agent will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such insurance policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will promptly notify the Agent and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Agent for at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Agent of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under the policy; and (c) the Agent will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of premiums within thirty (30) days of notice from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed $250,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor; provided, however, that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $250,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences shall be paid to the Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for the Secured Parties and immediately paid over to the Agent unless otherwise directed in writing by the Agent. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Agent as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Agent at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued.

9

(o) Each Debtor shall, within ten days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Parties promptly, in sufficient detail, of any material adverse change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the Secured Parties security interest, through the Agent therein.

(p) Each Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Agent such further assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request and may in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce the Secured Parties security interest in the Collateral including, without limitation, if applicable, the execution and delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to each Debtors Intellectual Property (Intellectual Property Security Agreement) in which the Secured Parties have been granted a security interest hereunder, substantially in a form reasonably acceptable to the Agent, which Intellectual Property Security Agreement, other than as stated therein, shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

(q) Each Debtor shall permit the Agent and its representatives and agents to inspect the Collateral during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by the Agent from time to time. Debtors shall not be obligated to reimburse the Agent for any such inspection.

(r) Each Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

(s) [Reserved].

(t) All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Parties by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral is true and correct in all material respects as of the date furnished.

(u) Except as permitted by the Transaction Documents, the Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and franchises material to its business.

(v) No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least 10 days prior written notice to the Secured Parties of such change and, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

10

(w) Except in the ordinary course of business, no Debtor may consign any of its inventory or sell any of its inventory on bill and hold, sale or return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of the Agent which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(x) No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 10 days prior written notification thereof to the Secured Parties and so long as, at the time of such written notification, such Debtor provides any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue the perfection of the Security Interests granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(y) Each Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state of formation or incorporation as of the date hereof.

(z) (i) The actual name of each Debtor is stated on the signatures pages hereto; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as disclosed to the Agent prior to the date hereof.

(aa) At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit possession by the secured party to perfect the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to the Agent.

(bb) Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees, to comply with any and all orders and instructions of Agent regarding the Pledged Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity.

(cc) Each Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Agent, or, if such delivery is not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is subject to the security interest created by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto).

(dd) If there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Agent, to be entered into and delivered to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

11

(ee) To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Parties.

(ff) To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Agent in notifying such third party of the Secured Parties security interest in such Collateral and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

(gg) If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Parties in a writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Parties in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

(hh) [Reserved].

(ii) Each Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to, within 30 days after the acquisition or formation of such subsidiary, enter into a Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of the Secured Party, in the form of Exhibit D to the Purchase Agreement, and become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation as the Agent may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Agent, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor.

(jj) Each Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Debentures.

12

(kk) Each Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Parties on the books of such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Agent, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to Agent an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Securities, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by Agent during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Securities into the name of any designee of Agent, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply with all other instructions of Agent regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor.

(ll) In the event that, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein called the Transferee) or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to Agent or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries; (ii) use its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries, if so requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by Agent and allow the Transferee or Agent to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect Subsidiaries.

(mm) [Reserved].

(nn) [Reserved].

(oo) [Reserved].

5. Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights.If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreement consists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests (regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of Agents rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.

13

6. [Reserved].

7. Duty to Hold in Trust. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interests, whether payable pursuant to the Debentures or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Parties and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Parties, pro-rata in proportion to their respective then-currently outstanding principal amount of Debentures for application to the satisfaction of the Obligations (and if any Debenture is not outstanding, pro-rata in proportion to the initial purchases of the remaining Debentures).

(b) If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Parties; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Parties; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to Agent on or before the close of business on the fifth Business Day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by Agent subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral.

8. Rights and Remedies Upon Default. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time such Event of Default shall continue thereafter, the Secured Parties, acting through the Agent, shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Debentures, and the Secured Parties shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have the following rights and powers:

(i) The Agent shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Agent at places which the Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtors premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Agent, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Agent taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

14

(ii) Upon five Business Days notice to the Debtors by Agent, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon the giving of such notice, Agent shall have the right to receive, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option of Agent, to exercise in such Agents discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owner thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.

(iii) The Agent shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Agent may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released.

(iv) The Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors.

15

(v) The Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may (but is not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, or its designee.

(vi) The Agent may (but is not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Parties or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(b) The Agent shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Agent may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Agent sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Agents rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(c) For the purpose of enabling the Agent to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Agent and the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.

9. Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder or from payments made on account of any insurance policy insuring any portion of the Collateral shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Agent in enforcing the Secured Parties rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations pro rata among the Secured Parties (based on then-outstanding principal amounts of Debentures at the time of any such determination), and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Parties shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. For the avoidance of doubt, if, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Parties are legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Parties arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Parties as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction.

16

10. Securities Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that Agent may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws (collectively, the Securities Laws), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that Agent has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with Agent in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if requested by Agent) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by Agent.

11. Costs and Expenses. Subject to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Agent. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Agent is reasonably likely to prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interests therein. Subject to the Purchase Agreement, the Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, may incur in connection with the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure, collection or enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement and pay to the Agent the amount of any and all reasonable and documented expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Parties under the Debentures.

17

12. Responsibility for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the Agent nor any Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. Neither the Agent nor any Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Agent or any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the Agent or any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent or any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to the Agent or to which the Agent or any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

13. Security Interests Absolute. All rights of the Secured Parties and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Debentures or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Debentures or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guarantee, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Parties to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interests granted hereby. Until the Release Date, the rights of the Secured Parties shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Parties hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Parties, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Parties to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Secured Parties may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

18

14. Term of Agreement; Release of Security Interests.

(a) This Agreement and the Security Interests shall terminate on the Release Date; provided, that the indemnity provided for in Section 19(k) of this Agreement shall survive its termination.

(b) At such time as the Release Date has occurred, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created hereby, and this Agreement and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Debtor hereunder shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Debtors. At the request and sole expense of any Debtor following any such termination, the Agent shall deliver to such Debtor any Collateral held by the Agent hereunder, and execute and deliver to such Debtor such documents as such Debtor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

(c) If any of the Collateral shall be disposed of or transferred by any Debtor in a transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents, then such Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by hereby, and from time to time thereafter the Agent, at the request and sole expense of such Debtor, shall execute and deliver to such Debtor all releases or other documents reasonably necessary or desirable for the release of the Liens created hereby on such Collateral.

15. Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(a) Each Debtor authorizes the Agent, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Agent and its officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the Agent or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Agent; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Agent, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Agent deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interests granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement and the Debentures all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Release Date. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office.

19

(b) On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Agent, to perfect the Security Interests granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Agent the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

(c) Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Agents discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Agent. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable until the Release Date.

16. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be subject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures).

17. Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Agent shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Parties rights and remedies hereunder.

20

18. Appointment of Agent. Pursuant to Section 5.23 of the Purchase Agreement, the Secured Parties have appointed [____] to act as their agent (Agent) for purposes of exercising any and all rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder.

19. Miscellaneous.

(a) No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Parties, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured Parties, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Debentures shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

(b) All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Debentures or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Debtors and the Secured Parties holding a majority or more of the principal amount of Debentures then outstanding and/or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought.

(d) If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(e) No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

21

(f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company and the Guarantors may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Secured Party (other than by merger). Any Secured Party may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to whom such Secured Party assigns or transfers any Obligations, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Obligations, by the provisions of this Agreement that apply to the Secured Parties.

(g) Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

(h) Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Debentures (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Except to the extent mandatorily governed by the jurisdiction or situs where the Collateral is located, each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

22

(i) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by .pdf via email transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such .pdf via email signature were the original thereof.

(j) All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Parties hereunder.

(k) Subject to the Purchase Agreement, each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Agent and the Secured Parties and their respective partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents (and any other persons with other titles that have similar functions) (collectively, Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Debentures, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Debentures) or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.

(l) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject Agent or any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries that is a limited liability company, nor shall Agent or any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto.

(m) To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance with the terms of said documents.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

BLACKBOX.IO INC.

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITY AGREEMENT]

AGENT:

[_________]

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. SECURITY AGREEMENT]

Name of Investing Entity: __________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: _________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

ANNEX A

to

SECURITY

AGREEMENT

FORM OF ADDITIONAL DEBTOR JOINDER

Security Agreement dated as of [_____ ___, 200__ made by

[_____________

and its subsidiaries party thereto from time to time, as Debtors

to and in favor of

the Secured Parties identified therein (the Security Agreement)

Reference is made to the Security Agreement as defined above; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in, or by reference in, the Security Agreement.

The undersigned hereby agrees that upon delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder to the Secured Parties referred to above, the undersigned shall (a) be an Additional Debtor under the Security Agreement, (b) have all the rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Security Agreement as fully and to the same extent as if the undersigned was an original signatory thereto and (c) be deemed to have made the representations and warranties set forth therein as of the date of execution and delivery of this Additional Debtor Joinder. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE UNDERSIGNED SPECIFICALLY GRANTS TO THE SECURED PARTIES A SECURITY INTEREST IN THE COLLATERAL AS MORE FULLY SET FORTH IN THE SECURITY AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL PROVISIONS SET FORTH THEREIN.

An executed copy of this Joinder shall be delivered to the Secured Parties, and the Secured Parties may rely on the matters set forth herein on or after the date hereof. This Joinder shall not be modified, amended or terminated without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Joinder to be executed in the name and on behalf of the undersigned.

[Name of Additional Debtor

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

Address:

Dated:

EXHIBIT D

Form of Subsidiary Guarantee 

[attached]

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE, dated as of [], 2025 (this Guarantee), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the Guarantors), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together with their permitted assigns, the Purchasers) to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers (the Purchase Agreement).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell and issue to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the Company the Debentures, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein; and

WHEREAS, each Guarantor is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company and will directly benefit from the extension of credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Debentures; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained therein and to induce the Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Purchasers as follows:

1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Purchase Agreement. The words hereof, herein, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings:

Guarantee means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Obligations means all of the liabilities and obligations (primary, secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchasers, in each case arising under this Guarantee, the Debentures and any other Transaction Documents, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or in connection with this Guarantee, the Debentures and the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company or any Guarantor. 

2. Guarantee.

(a) Guarantee.

(i) The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations.

(ii) Anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each Guarantor hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws, including laws relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or transfer or laws affecting the rights of creditors generally (after giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section 2(b)).

(iii) Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of such Guarantor hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the Purchasers hereunder.

(iv) The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the obligations of each Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall have been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

(v) No payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by the Purchasers from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor hereunder until the Obligations are paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made).

2

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations the specific performance of which by the Guarantors is not reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Companys Common Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable for making the Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Companys failure to perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction Documents.

(b) Right of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder, such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantors right of contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit the obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full amount guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.

(c) No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any Guarantor by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations, nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect of payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations are paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made). If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Purchasers, if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may determine.

(d) Amendments, Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of any of the Obligations made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations, or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security, guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them (or by Agent for their benefit) as security for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or any property subject thereto.

3

(e) Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all dealings between the Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2. Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and performance without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any other Person against the Purchasers, or (c) any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any Guarantor, the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies as they may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset, shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies, whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the Purchasers against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, demand shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

(f) Reinstatement. The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Purchasers upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

4

(g) Payments. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or counterclaim in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.

3. Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date hereof:

(a) Organization and Qualification. The Guarantor is a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee, and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Guarantor. This Guarantee has been duly executed by the Guarantor and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Guarantee by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, (ii) conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, except for violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5

(d) Consents and Approvals. The Guarantor is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local, foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Guarantee.

(e) Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such Guarantor, each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference, are true and correct in all material respects as of each time such representations are deemed to be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and warranty to the Company's knowledge shall, for the purposes of this Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor's knowledge.

4. Covenants. Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that, from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall have been paid in full in cash (excluding inchoate indemnity or reimbursement obligations for which no demand has been made), such Guarantor shall take, and/or shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures) is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking such action by such Guarantor.

5. Miscellaneous.

(a) Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in writing by the Purchasers.

(b) Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).

(c) No Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by law.

(d) Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.

6

(i) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers for, all their reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Purchasers.

(ii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other similar taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee.

(iii) Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration of this Guarantee, in each case to the extent the Company would be required to do so pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(iv) The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(e) Successor and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns; provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.

(f) Set-Off. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default under any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor, any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers may elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every nature and description of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect, whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or unmatured. The Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any such set-off and the application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Purchasers may have.

7

(g) Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Severability. Any provision of this Guarantee which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

(i) Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

(j) Integration. This Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.

(k) Governing Laws. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each of the Company and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(l) Acknowledgements. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:

8

(i) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party;

(ii) the Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee or any of the other Transaction Documents, and the relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

(iii) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby among the Guarantors and the Purchasers.

(m) Additional Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to become a Guarantor for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto.

(n) Release of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be automatically released from all liability hereunder on the Release Date (as defined in the Security Agreement). In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Guarantor (i) will automatically be released from its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents upon the consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Borrower and (ii) will at the option of the Company, by written notice to the Agent, be released from its obligations under this Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents at any time it becomes an Excluded Subsidiary (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether as a result of the consummation of any transaction not prohibited by the Transaction Documents or otherwise.

(o) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. SECTION 5.23 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

*********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[_____]

By:_________________________________

Name:

Title:

[_____]

By:_________________________________

Name:

Title:

10

SCHEDULE 1

GUARANTORS

The following are the names, notice addresses and jurisdiction of organization of each Guarantor.

GUARANTOR 

JURISDICTION OF 

INCORPORATION 

COMPANY OWNED BY 

PERCENTAGE (Directly 

or Indirectly)

[___] 

[___] 

[___]%

[___] 

[___] 

[___]%

11

Annex 1 to

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE

ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of ____ __, ______ made by ______________________________, a ______________ corporation (the Additional Guarantor), in favor of the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in such Purchase Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company) and the Purchasers have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement);

WHEREAS, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the Company (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of [], 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Guarantee) in favor of the Purchasers;

WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires the Additional Guarantor to become a party to the Guarantee; and

WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Guarantee. By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guarantee, hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The information set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in Schedule 1 to the Guarantee. The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of the Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption Agreement) as if made on and as of such date.

2. Governing Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

[ADDITIONALGUARANTOR]

By: 

Name:

Title:

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_767991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_767991.htm

Exhibit 10.2

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

Original Issue Date: January 17, 2025

$250,000

DEBENTURE DUE THE EARLIER OF THE TRIGGER DATE AND MARCH 15, 2025

THIS DEBENTURE is one of a series of duly authorized and validly issued Debentures of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485, Dallas, Texas, designated as its Debenture due the earlier of the Trigger Date and March 15, 2025 (this debenture, the Debenture and, collectively with the other debentures of such series, the Debentures).

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to Five Narrow Lane LP or its registered assigns (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $250,000 on the earlier to occur of the Trigger Date and March 15, 2025 (the Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, (h) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting power of the Company, (b) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 33% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the Board of Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors who are members on the date hereof), or (e) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above.

Debenture Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

2

Disqualified Stock shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity Interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock.

Equity Conditions means, during the applicable period, (a) the Company shall have paid all amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Debenture, (b) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (c) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (d) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Change of Control Transaction (other than the Merger Transaction) that has not been consummated, and (e) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information.

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a).

Indebtedness of a Person shall include (a) all obligations for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, surety bonds, bankers acceptances, current swap agreements, interest rate hedging agreements, interest rate swaps or other financial products, (c) all capital lease obligations (as determined in accordance with GAAP), (d) all obligations or liabilities secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed by such Person, (e) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction that is the functional equivalent of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheets of such Person, (f) Disqualified Stock, and (g) any obligation guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse) any of the foregoing obligations of any other Person.

Interest Payment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Investments means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition (including by merger) of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person.

3

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Debentures, regardless of any transfers of any Debenture and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Debentures.

Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Debentures, (b) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) other unsecured Indebtedness not exceeding $50,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding, and (e) Indebtedness that (1) is expressly subordinate to the Debentures pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchasers that is acceptable to each Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion and (2) matures at a date later than the 91st day following the Maturity Date.

Permitted Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder, (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (c) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased, (f) easements, rights of way, restrictions, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar Liens, in each case, not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of the Companys business, and (g) Liens existing on the date hereof and disclosed to the Holder prior to the date hereof..

4

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2025, among the Company and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Trigger Conditions means, as of any date: (a) no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (b) no event or condition has resulted in, or could be reasonably expected to cause, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or to result in a Material Adverse Effect from the effectiveness of the Merger Transaction, (c) the Company has executed and delivered such documents as Holder may reasonably request in connection with the exchange of this Debenture for the A&R Debenture (as defined below), including, without limitation, the Security Documents and the Registration Rights Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Holder and (d) the satisfaction of any additional covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3(b) and 2.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement.

Trigger Date means the date on which the Merger Agreement is duly executed by the parties signatory thereto.

Section 2. Payments.

a) Payment of Interest in Cash. The Company shall pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of this Debenture at the rate of 7.0% per annum, payable on the Maturity Date (the Interest Payment Date) (if the Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, then the payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day), in cash.

b) Interest Calculations. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Debenture (the Debenture Register).

5

c) Late Fee. All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from the date such interest is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

d) Prepayment. At any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may deliver a written notice (a Prepayment Notice and the date that such Prepayment Notice is delivered the Prepayment Notice Date) to the Holder of its irrevocable election to prepay all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture plus (i) accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus (ii) the Exit Fee, and plus (iii) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable (collectively, the Prepayment Amount) for cash on the 5th Trading Day (or such period up to the 30th Trading Day as extended with the consent of the Holder) after the Prepayment Notice Date (the Prepayment Date and such 5 to 30 Trading Day period, the Prepayment Period and such prepayment, the Prepayment). The Company may only effect a Prepayment if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Prepayment Notice Date through to the Prepayment Date and through and including the date payment of the Prepayment Amount is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Prepayment Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Prepayment Notice by notice to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met in which case the Prepayment Notice shall be null and void, ab initio.

Section 3.Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

a) Different Denominations. This Debenture is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Debentures of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

b) Investment Representations. This Debenture has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c) Reliance on Debenture Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

6

Section 4.Trigger Date. On the Trigger Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder in cash the entire outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, the applicable Exit Fee and any other amounts due hereunder; provided that, if the Trigger Conditions are satisfied as of such date, this Debenture shall be exchanged for an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Debenture of the Company in the agreed form provided for in the Purchase Agreement and on the terms and conditions set forth therein (the A&R Debenture).

Section 5. Exit Fee. Upon any prepayment by the Company in cash of all or any of the principal amount of this Debenture (whether on or prior to the Maturity Date), the Company shall pay to the Holder concurrently with such prepayment an exit fee in an amount equal to 15% of the principal amount of this Debenture being prepaid (an Exit Fee).

Section 6. Covenants.

(a) Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

i. other than Permitted Indebtedness, except with the prior written consent of the Holder, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

ii. other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

iii. amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

iv. repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a deminimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Company, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Debenture;

v. repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness, other than the Debentures if on a pro-rata basis, other than regularly scheduled principal and interest payments as such terms are in effect as of the Original Issue Date, provided that such payments shall not be permitted if, at such time, or after giving effect to such payment, any Event of Default exist or occur;

7

vi. pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company;

vii. assign, sell, transfer, license, lease or otherwise dispose of any its assets (including, without limitation, any Disposition to any Subsidiary that has not executed and delivered the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security Agreement to the Agent) other than (a) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, (b) other Dispositions not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per year; and (c) following a Change of Control Transaction, upon written consent of the Holder, dispositions of securities of Evtec Group Limited held by the Company or its Subsidiaries;

viii. make or hold any Investments other than: (a) Investments existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement and that are disclosed in the SEC Reports (provided, for clarity, that neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall increase the size of its Investment in any such Investment existing on the date of the Purchase Agreement other than in accordance with this Debenture and the other Transaction Documents), (b) Investments in cash and cash equivalents held in deposit accounts at U.S. banks, (c) Investments in Subsidiaries; and (e) other Investments that do not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate per calendar year;

ix. enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arms-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval);

x. from the date hereof until September 1, 2025, (i) incur operatingexpenses in excess of $1,300,000 in any consecutive three-month periods or (ii) make capital expenditures (as determined in accordance with GAAP) other than in the ordinary course of the Companys business; or

xi. enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

(b) Affirmative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Debenture remains outstanding, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

i. preserve and maintain its legal existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization, and qualify and remain qualified as a foreign business entity in each jurisdiction in which qualification is necessary in view of its business and operations or the ownership of its properties and where failure maintain or qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

8

ii. provide to Agent and the Holder, promptly upon becoming aware thereof (and in any event within one (1) day after the occurrence thereof), a notice of each Event of Default known to an executive officer of the Company, together with a statement of such executive officer setting forth the details of such Event of Default and the actions which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

iii. (a) pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable: (i) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such Lien) and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary; and (iii) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to the terms of this Debenture; and (b) timely file all material tax returns required to be filed (subject to any valid extension);

iv. (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

v. comply in all material respects with the requirements of all applicable laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property;

vi. [reserved];

vii. maintain (a) insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies in at least the amounts (and with only those deductibles) customarily maintained, and against such risks as are typically insured against, by Persons of comparable size engaged in the same or similar business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) all workers compensation, employers liability insurance or similar insurance as may be required under the laws of any state or jurisdiction in which it may be engaged in business. All such insurance policies required pursuant to clause (a) of this Section shall name the Agent as a loss payee (in the case of property or other casualty insurance) and an additional insured (in the case of liability insurance);

viii. use reasonable efforts to cause the Company to remain eligible to use Form S-3 for a delayed or continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(x) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

9

Section 7. Events of Default.

a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i. any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount of any Debenture or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to a Holder on any Debenture, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within 3 Trading Days;

ii. the Company shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in the Debentures or in any Transaction Document, which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) five (5) Trading Days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) ten (10) Trading Days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

iii. a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur under (A) any of the Transaction Documents or (B) any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clause (vi) below);

iv. any representation or warranty made in this Debenture, any other Transaction Documents, any written statement pursuant hereto or thereto or any other report, financial statement or certificate made or delivered to the Holder or any other Holder shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v. the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

vi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any Indebtedness, that (a) involves an obligation greater than $100,000, whether such Indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and (b) results in such Indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to the date on which it would otherwise become due and payable;

vii. the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on a Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within five Trading Days;

10

viii. the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole) shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction or shall agree to sell or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of Control Transaction), in each case other than the Merger Transaction;

ix. any Person shall breach any agreement delivered to the initial Holders pursuant to Section 2.2(a) of the Purchase Agreement;

x. the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a chill;

xi. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $100,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days;

xii. the occurrence of a Material Adverse Effect.

b) Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the outstanding principal amount of this Debenture, the Exit Payment, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash; provided that such acceleration shall be automatic, without any notice or other action of the Required Holders required, in respect of an Event of Default occurring pursuant to clause (v) of Section 7(a). Commencing 5 days after the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18.0% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Debenture until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 7(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

11

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at the address set forth above, or such other email address, or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 8(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by email attachment, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the email address or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such email attachment or address appears on the books of the Company, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment to the email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the Company. This Debenture ranks paripassu with all other Debentures now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.

c) Lost or Mutilated Debenture. If this Debenture shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

12

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Debenture shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the DelawareCourts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Debenture and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Debenture or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Debenture, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Debenture. The failure of the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Company or the Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Debenture is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Debenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

13

g) Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Debenture shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Debenture and any of the other Transaction Documents at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Debenture. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any such breach or any such threatened breach, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Debenture.

h) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

i) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

Section 9. Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Debenture, in the event that the Company believes that such notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate in such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries and, simultaneously with the delivery of such notice to the Holder, the Company shall publicly disclose the contents of such notice in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission. If the Company does not indicate to the Holder with delivery of such notice that it contains material, non-public information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries, the Holder shall be allowed to presume that all matters set forth in such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries.

*********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By: /s/ Gust Kepler

Name: Gust Kepler

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex_767992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
ex_767992.htm

Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of [ ], 2025, between Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser, a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company and each Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement).

The Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Effectiveness Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 30th calendar day following the date hereof (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 45th calendar day following the date hereof) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event of a full review by the Commission, the 45th calendar day following the date such additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(d).

Filing Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 15th calendar day following the date hereof and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements which may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

Plan of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Underlying Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise of the Additional Debentures (assuming on such date the Additional Debentures are exercised in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein and assuming and assuming that each of the Filing Loan (as defined in the Additional Debenture) and Effectiveness Loan (as defined in the Additional Debenture) are fully funded), and (b) any securities issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided,however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

2

Registration Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Selling Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

3

2. Shelf Registration.

(a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate form in accordance herewith, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e)) and shall contain (unless otherwise directed by the Required Holders) substantially the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and substantially the Selling Stockholders section attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that no Holder shall be required to be named as an underwriter without such Holders express prior written consent. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness Date, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders via facsimile or by e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall, by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day after the effective date of such Registration Statement, file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424. Failure to so notify the Holder within one (1) Trading Day of such notification of effectiveness or failure to file a final Prospectus as foresaid shall be deemed an Event under Section 2(d).

(b) Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(e); with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other appropriate form, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(d) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

4

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement and subject to the payment of liquidated damages pursuant to Section 2(d), if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding that the Company used diligent efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. 

First, the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities; and

b. 

Second, the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures (applied, in the case that some Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures may be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Underlying Shares and Additional Debentures held by such Holders).

In the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

5

(d) If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(a) herein, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the Commission a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the Commission that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the Commission in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the Commission that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the Commission by the Effectiveness Date of the Initial Registration Statement, or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Holders are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

(e) If Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate of a Holder as any Underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder.

3. Registration Procedures.

In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

6

(a) Not less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Required Holders shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date that is not less than two Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the fourth (4th) Trading Day following the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section 3(a). The Company shall not be required to include any Registrable Securities in the Registration Statement for any Holder that has not provided such Selling Stockholder Questionnaire.

(b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information contained therein which would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and (iv) comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

7

(c) If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any case prior to the applicable Filing Date, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

(d) Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that in no event shall any such notice contain any information which would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

8

(e) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f) Furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item which is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h) Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may request.

9

(j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(d), for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days) in any 12-month period.

(k) Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(m) The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the shares. During any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities solely because any Holder fails to furnish such information within three Trading Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that are accruing at such time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

10

4. Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

11

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section 3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

12

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

13

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

14

The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) No Piggyback on Registrations. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities.

(c) Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company agrees and acknowledges that any periods during which the Holder is required to discontinue the disposition of the Registrable Securities hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2(d).

(d) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the Required Holders, provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

15

(e) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(g) No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

16

(i) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(k) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m) Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS TO BLBX RRA]

Name of Holder: __________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the brokerdealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the brokerdealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a brokerdealer as principal and resale by the brokerdealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through brokerdealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a combination of any such methods of sale; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Brokerdealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokersdealers to participate in sales. Brokerdealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any brokerdealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

2

In connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

3

Annex B

SELLING SHAREHOLDERS

The common stock being offered by the selling shareholders are those issuable to the selling shareholders upon conversion of the debentures. For additional information regarding the issuances of those debentures, see Private Placement of Debentures above. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling shareholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the debentures, the selling shareholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years.

The table below lists the selling shareholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling shareholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder, based on its ownership of the debentures, as of ________, 2025, assuming conversion of the debentures held by the selling shareholders on that date, without regard to any limitations on conversions.

The third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling shareholders.

In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling shareholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of the sum of the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the debentures, determined as if the outstanding debentures were exercised in full as of the trading day immediately preceding the date this registration statement was initially filed with the SEC, as of the trading day immediately preceding the applicable date of determination and all subject to adjustment as provided in the registration right agreement, without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the debentures and assuming that each of the Additional Loans are funded.The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling shareholders pursuant to this prospectus.

Under the terms of the debentures, a selling shareholder may not convert the debentures to the extent such exercise would cause such selling shareholder, together with its affiliates and attribution parties, to beneficially own a number of shares of common stock which would exceed 9.99%, as applicable, of our then outstanding common stock following such conversion, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of such debentures which have not been converted. The number of shares in the second and fourth columns do not reflect this limitation. The selling shareholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See "Plan of Distribution."

4

Name of Selling Shareholder 

Number of shares of 

Common Stock Owned 

Prior to Offering 

Maximum Number of 

shares of Common Stock 

to be Sold Pursuant to this 

Prospectus 

Number of shares of 

Common Stock Owned 

After Offering

5

Annex C

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock (the Registrable Securities) of Blackboxstocks Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain legal consequences arise from being named a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement.

INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE

The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

1. 

Name. 

(a) 

Full Legal Name of Investor:

(b) 

Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) 

Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. 

Address for Notices to Investor.

Address: 

Telephone: 

Email: 

Contact Person: 

3. 

Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes No 

Note: if no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes No 

(d) 

If you are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. 

Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor.

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) 

Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder:

5. 

Relationships with the Company.

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date:

Investor: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex_767993.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
ex_767993.htm

Exhibit 99.1

Blackboxstocks, Inc. Secures Financing of up to $2,000,000 in Anticipation of Potential Merger

Blackbox is actively pursuing other strategic merger options to enhance stockholder value

Debentures are convertible into common stock at 175% of the prior days closing price with a $5.00 floor.

January 22, 2025 Blackboxstocks Inc. (NASDAQ: BLBX), (Blackbox or the Company), a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics for stock and options traders, announced today that on January 17, 2025 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which the Purchasers agreed to purchase from the Company senior debentures having an aggregate principal amount of $250,000 (the Initial Debentures) and amended and restated senior secured convertible debentures having an aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000 (the Additional Debentures, and together with the Initial Debentures, the Debentures) upon certain closing conditions applicable to the Initial Debentures and Additional Debentures, respectively.

The Initial Closing of $250,000 was consummated on January 17, 2025. The Initial Debentures bear interest at a rate of 7.00% per annum and will mature on the earlier to occur of the date on which a definitive agreement relating to any Merger Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or March 15, 2025.

At the Additional Closing, the Initial Debentures will be exchanged for the Additional Debentures as senior indebtedness secured by a first priority security interest on substantially all of the assets of the Company. The aggregate principal amount of the Additional Debentures will be $2,000,000 which will be funded by the Purchasers with (i) $250,000 in principal amount credited from the exchange of Initial Debentures, (ii) $500,000 upon execution and delivery of a Merger Agreement, (iii) $750,000 upon the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of a registration statement on Form S-4 in connection with the Merger Transaction, and (iv) $500,000 upon the registration statement being declared effective. The Additional Debentures will bear interest at a rate of 7.00% per annum and will mature on the earlier of the closing of the Merger Transaction (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or 12 months following the issuance of the Additional Debentures (the Additional Debenture Maturity Date).

On the Maturity Date, the Company will repay the aggregate accrued interest and principal amount of the Additional Debentures, and the Additional Debentures may not be prepaid without the written consent of the holders thereof. In the event the Additional Debentures are repaid in cash, the holders shall receive a premium equal to 115% of the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance due on such date. In the event the Additional Debentures are not repaid on the Maturity Date, subject to certain limitations and absence of an event of default, the holders may convert the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest of the Additional Debentures into Company common stock at the conversion price, which will be 175% of the closing price of the Companys common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the execution of the Additional Debentures with a minimum price of $5.00 per share of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Additional Debentures will not be convertible into Company common stock if, after such conversion, the holders would beneficially own more than 9.9% of the Company common stock outstanding. The holders may elect to reduce such 9.9% beneficial ownership limitation to 4.9%, effective immediately upon such election.

Gust Kepler, Chief Executive Officer of Blackbox, commented We are excited to have completed this transaction as we work towards securing a merger transaction that will create significant stockholder value. This financing will help provide the interim capital we need for our operations as well as anticipated transaction expenses in the near future.

About Blackboxstocks, Inc.

Blackboxstocks, Inc. is a financial technology and social media hybrid platform offering real-time proprietary analytics and news for stock and options traders of all levels. Our web-based software employs "predictive technology" enhanced by artificial intelligence to find volatility and unusual market activity that may result in the rapid change in the price of a stock or option. Blackbox continuously scans the NASDAQ, New York Stock Exchange, CBOE, and all other options markets, analyzing over 10,000 stocks and up to 1,500,000 options contracts multiple times per second. We provide our users with a fully interactive social media platform that is integrated into our dashboard, enabling our users to exchange information and ideas quickly and efficiently through a common network. We recently introduced a live audio/screenshare feature that allows our members to broadcast on their own channels to share trade strategies and market insight within the Blackbox community. Blackbox is a SaaS company with a growing base of users that spans over 40 countries; current subscription fees are $99.97 per month or $959.00 annually.

For more information, go to: https://blackboxstocks.com/

Safe Harbor Clause and Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, expose, intend, may, might, opportunity, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors in our SEC filings may not be exhaustive.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

Disclosure Information

Blackboxstocks uses and intends to continue to use its Investors website at https://blackboxstocks.com/company-overview as a means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Companys Investors website, in addition to following the Companys press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts.

Contacts

Investors@blackboxstocks.com

PCG Advisory

Jeff Ramson

(646) 863-6893

jramson@pcgadvisory.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>blbx-20250117.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>blbx-20250117_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>blbx-20250117_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Entity, Ex Transition Period 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>blbx-20250117_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Jan. 17, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Jan. 17, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity, File Number 001-41051

Entity, Tax Identification Number 45-3598066

Entity, Address, Address Line One 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485

Entity, Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity, Address, State or Province TX

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 75240

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 726-9203

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol BLBX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company true

Entity, Ex Transition Period false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001567900

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.blbx.com/20250117/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

blbx-20250117.xsd 
blbx-20250117_def.xml 
blbx-20250117_lab.xml 
blbx-20250117_pre.xml 
blkbx20250118_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-001510-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>blkbx20250118_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001567900 

2025-01-17 
2025-01-17 

false 
0001567900 
8-K 
2025-01-17 
BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC. 
NV 
001-41051 
45-3598066 
5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1485 
Dallas 
TX 
75240 
972 
726-9203 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
BLBX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>