<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001656472-25-000047.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0001656472-25-000047.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319073608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001656472-25-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250319
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cronos Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001656472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38403
		FILM NUMBER:		25750871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4491 CONCESSION RD 12
		CITY:			STAYNER
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L0M 1S0
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(416) 504-0004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6D - 7398 YONGE ST
		STREET 2:		PMB 732
		CITY:			THORNHILL
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4J 8J2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PharmaCan Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151021
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cron-20250319.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cron-20250319

false000165647200016564722024-08-082024-08-08

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 19, 2025

CRONOS GROUP INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British Columbia, Canada 

001-38403 

N/A

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

4491 Concession Rd 12 

Stayner, Ontario L0M 1S0

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (416) 504-0004

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares, no par value CRON The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective as of March 19, 2025 (the Effective Date), Cronos Group Inc. (the Company) has appointed Anna Shlimak, the Companys Chief Strategy Officer, as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. As of the Effective Date, James Holm will no longer serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Holm will continue to be employed by the Company and Cronos USA Client Services LLC (Cronos USA) through April 18, 2025 (the Separation Date).

Ms. Shlimak, age 39, joined the Company in May 2018 as Head of Investor Relations & Communications and was responsible for developing relationships with investors and sell side analysts, as well as creating investor communication and reporting. In February 2020, Ms. Shlimak became the Companys Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. From July 2020 to August 2024, Ms. Shlimak served as the Companys Senior Vice President, Head of Strategy & Corporate Affairs, where she was responsible for managing and directing the organizations internal and external communications, government affairs, investor relations and corporate strategy, before becoming the Companys Chief Strategy Officer in September 2024. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Shlimak was the Head of Investor Relations at Quest Partners LLC, a research driven alternative investment firm. Ms. Shlimak was responsible for business development, investor reporting, marketing and communication initiatives for the fund. Previously, Ms. Shlimak held a range of diverse roles at the New York Stock Exchange in both the New York and London offices. She received a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School and holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Shlimak Employment Agreement

In connection with Ms. Shlimaks appointment, on March 19, 2025 Cronos USA, the Company and Ms. Shlimak entered into an amended and restated executive employment agreement (the Shlimak Employment Agreement) setting forth the terms and conditions of Ms. Shlimaks employment. Pursuant to the Shlimak Employment Agreement, Ms. Shlimak will receive an annual base salary of $372,000 and will be eligible for an annual target bonus opportunity of 115% of annual base salary. Starting in the 2026 fiscal year, Ms. Shlimak will be eligible to receive annual grants of equity-based awards with an initial long-term target incentive opportunity of 115% of annual base salary. Additionally, Ms. Shlimak will receive a one-time equity award in the form of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $157,800. Ms. Shlimak will also be eligible to participate in employee benefit programs of Cronos USA on the same terms as other similarly situated employees.

In the event Ms. Shlimaks employment is terminated by Cronos USA without Just Cause or she resigns for Good Reason (each, as defined in the Shlimak Employment Agreement), she would be entitled to a severance payment in the amount of her annual base salary, employee benefit continuation for up to one year following termination, and a pro-rated annual bonus for the year of termination, subject to Ms. Shlimak entering into a release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and related entities. Upon termination of her employment for any reason, Ms. Shlimak will be subject to: (i) ongoing confidentiality and mutual non-disparagement provisions; (ii) non-competition and customer non-solicitation covenants for the one-year period following termination; and (iii) an employee non-solicitation covenant for the two-year period following termination.

Holm Separation Agreement 

In connection with Mr. Holms separation, on March 19, 2025 Cronos USA, the Company and Mr. Holm entered into a separation agreement (the Holm Separation Agreement). Following the Separation Date, subject to Mr. Holm entering into a release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and Mr. Holms compliance with the terms of the Holm Separation Agreement and his post-employment obligations, Mr. Holm will receive (1) cash severance in an aggregate amount equal to $385,000, which represents one year of Mr. Holms base salary, payable within 30 days after the Separation Date, and (2) $20,260, which is equal to one year of Cronos USAs portion of Mr. Holms benefits premiums, to cover some of the costs of continuing Mr. Holms group insured benefits following the Separation Date. Mr. Holm will be eligible to receive a prorated annual cash bonus award in respect 

of the 2025 fiscal year of $104,046.25. In addition, as of the Separation Date, the Company will accelerate the vesting of the unvested portion of Mr. Holms stock option award granted in November 2022, which will be exercisable in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreement until October 18, 2025.

Mr. Holm will remain subject to an ongoing non-disparagement provision, ongoing confidentiality and intellectual property provisions, and the non-competition and non-solicitation requirements contained in his employment agreement, dated November 14, 2022 (the Holm Employment Agreement), by and among Cronos USA, the Company and Mr. Holm.

The foregoing descriptions of the Shlimak Employment Agreement, Holm Separation Agreement and Holm Employment Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of: (i) the Shlimak Employment Agreement and Holm Separation Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference; and (ii) the Holm Employment Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed on November 14, 2022.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 19, 2025, by and among Cronos USA, the Company and Anna Shlimak.

10.2 

Separation Agreement, dated March 19, 2025, by and among Cronos USA, the Company and James Holm.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page from Cronos Group Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 19, 2025 is formatted in Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CRONOS GROUP INC.

Dated: March 19, 2025 By: /s/ Michael Gorenstein

Name: Michael Gorenstein

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101-shlimakexecutiv.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

(this Agreement)

BETWEEN:

CRONOS USA CLIENT SERVICES LLC

(the Company)

-and -

ANNA SHLIMAK

(the Executive) 

- and - 

solely for the purposes specified herein,

CRONOS GROUP INC.

(Cronos Group)

WHEREAS the Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cronos Group; 

WHEREAS the Executive is currently employed by the Company pursuant to an employment agreement executed by the Executive on February 20, 2020 (the Original Agreement) and amended pursuant to written amendments effective February 17, 2022, February 21, 2023 and August 23, 2024 (the Amending Agreements) in the position of Chief Strategy Officer;

WHEREAS the Company wishes to promote the Executive to the position of Chief Financial Officer of Cronos Group;

WHEREAS the Executive will continue to have extensive access to the customers, vendors, suppliers, distribution processes and other unique and valuable confidential information and trade secrets of the Company, Cronos Group and their respective affiliates (excluding Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries) and related entities (together, the Group);

WHEREAS the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement, including the Amending Agreements, in its entirety by this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date; 

AND WHEREAS the Executive acknowledges that this Agreement, including the proprietary rights, confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-competition provisions that form part of this Agreement are essential to protect the legitimate business interests of the Group; 

NOW THEREFORE in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, including the increased base salary set out at Section 5.1, target bonus opportunity set out at Section 5.2, and target incentive opportunity set out at Section 5.4, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Executive, and solely for the purposes specified herein, Cronos Group (together, the Parties), agree as follows:

1.Position

1.1The Executive will be employed by the Company in the position of Chief Financial Officer of Cronos Group effective as of March 19, 2025 (the Effective Date).

2.Location

2.1The Executive shall be based primarily from the Executives home office. During the term of the Executives employment with the Company, the Executives principal place of residence shall remain in the United States. The Executive shall be available for business travel as reasonably required to perform the Executives duties hereunder. 

3.Work Authorizations

3.1It is a condition of this Agreement and the Executives employment that the Executive shall be able to work lawfully in the United States. However, it is understood and agreed that the Executives position may require that the Executive work abroad, as needed by the Group. The Executives employment with the Company is therefore also conditional upon the securing of all necessary visas, work permits and other authorizations that may be required to enter or work in any of the countries in which the Executive may be assigned to work or visit during the term of employment. The Company shall provide reasonable assistance in respect of immigration matters. Despite such assistance, the Company cannot guarantee when or whether the Executives application for a work permit, visa, permanent residence status or other immigration status or documents will be approved. At any time, should necessary authorizations that permit the Executive to legally work in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which the Executive will be required to work or visit not be obtained or expire without the possibility of renewal, the Executives employment shall come to an end and shall be treated by the Company as a termination without Just Cause (as defined below); provided, that if such authorization expires without the possibility of renewal due to any action or inaction by the Executive, the Executives employment shall come to an end and shall be treated by the Company as a termination with Just Cause.

4.Employment Duties

4.1The Executive shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as are normally associated with or incidental and ancillary to the Executives position and as may be assigned to the Executive from time to time. In fulfilling the Executives duties to the Company, the Executive shall be instructed by and shall regularly report to the Chief Executive Officer of Cronos Group (the CEO) or the Chair of the Audit Committee of the board of directors of Cronos Group(the Board). The Executives duties, hours of work, location of employment and reporting relationships may be adjusted from time to time by the Company to meet changing business and operational needs. Without limiting the foregoing, the Executive shall:

(a)devote the Executives full working time and attention during normal business hours and such other times as may be reasonably required to the business and affairs of the Group and shall not, without the prior written consent of the CEO, undertake any other business (including any position on a board of any for profit, public benefit, nonprofit or other entity) or occupation or public office;

2

(b)perform those duties that may be reasonably assigned to the Executive diligently, honestly, and faithfully to the best of the Executives ability and in the best interest of the Group;

(c)abide by all Cronos Group policies, as instituted and amended from time to time, including the Cronos Group - Employee Handbook (United States); 

(d)use best efforts to promote the interests and goodwill of the Group and not knowingly do, or permit to be done, anything that may be prejudicial to the Groups interests, it being understood and agreed that the Executive is a fiduciary of Cronos Group and owes fiduciary obligations to Cronos Group that are not extinguished or limited by this Agreement; and

(e)identify and immediately report to the CEOany gross misrepresentations or violations of any Cronos Group policy, including the Cronos Group Employee Handbook (United States) or applicable law or stock exchange rule by Cronos Group or its management. 

5.Compensation and Benefits

5.1Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual base salary of US$372,000, less applicable deductions and withholdings (as in effect from time to time, Base Salary). The Base Salary shall be paid by direct deposit on a bi-weekly basis, in accordance with the Companys payroll practices (as may be amended from time to time by the Company in its sole discretion). Any changes to Base Salary shall be at the sole discretion of the Company. The Base Salary shall be subject to increases, but not decreases.

5.2Annual Performance Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Groups annual cash bonus plan as may be in effect from time to time, and to receive an annual bonus, subject to the terms and conditions of that plan as determined by Cronos Group at its sole discretion. The Executives annual target bonus opportunity shall increase to 115% of Base Salary, provided that the actual bonus amount, if any, shall be determined pursuant to the terms of the applicable Group annual bonus plan. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate any annual bonus plan established or adopted at any time, without notice or further obligation. Subject to Section 6.3, the Executive must be actively employed by the Company on the applicable payment date to be eligible for any annual bonus, unless provided otherwise pursuant to the applicable annual cash bonus plan. For certainty, if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company with or without Just Cause, or the Executive resigns or otherwise terminates employment for any reason, the Executive shall cease to be actively employed on the last day of employment as specified in the Companys or the Executives written notice of termination, as applicable, shall not be considered actively employed during any period of notice, pay in lieu of notice, severance payment or similar amount, and shall not be entitled to an annual bonus (or any part thereof) or damages in lieu of the Executives eligibility for a bonus, unless provided otherwise pursuant to Section 6.3 or the applicable annual cash bonus plan. There shall be no guarantee of a bonus in any given year. 

5.3Long-Term Incentive Opportunity. 

(a)Starting in the Groups 2026 fiscal year, the Executive shall be eligible to receive annual grants of equity-based awards over shares of Cronos Group with an initial target incentive opportunity of 115% of Base Salary (based on the grant date fair value of such awards), provided that the actual amount, if any, of the grants shall be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, as applicable, at its sole discretion. Any equity-based grants shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the equity award plan or any other applicable plan of Cronos Group and the applicable award agreement, except as expressly set forth herein. Such plan or plans may be amended from time to time at Cronos Groups sole discretion. In the event of the cessation of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executives entitlements in respect of any equity-based awards shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable 

3

equity award plan, any other applicable plan and the applicable award agreement, except as expressly set forth herein. The Executive shall not be eligible for any further grants of equity-based awards following the effective date of termination or damages in lieu thereof, regardless of any applicable notice period, pay in lieu of notice, severance payment or similar amount. 

(b)In addition, subject to the approval of the Board, the Executive shall receive, as soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date, a one-time award of restricted share units with a grant date fair value of US$157,800, based on the grant date fair value of such award (the One-Time Award). The One-Time Award shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Cronos Groups 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreement, with vesting terms substantially similar to those applicable to annual grants of equity-based awards for 2025 to similarly situated executives. 

5.4Group Insured Benefits. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the benefits programs of the Company or Cronos Group, as applicable, for health and dental, life insurance, disability and other benefits as may be available to employees of the Company from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan document. The Company or the Group, as applicable, reserves the right to alter, amend or discontinue all benefits, coverages, plans and programs referred to in this Section 5.4, without advance notice or other obligation. 

5.5Vacation. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys flexible, self-managed vacation program, in accordance with the Companys vacation policy, as amended from time to time. Under this program, there is no cap on the actual amount of vacation that may be taken in a given year; however, employees must exercise good judgment and anticipate important business activities, deliverables and deadlines when scheduling vacation. The Executive shall take vacation time at such times as are approved in advance by the Company in accordance with the policies of the Company. 

5.6Business Expenses. The Executive shall be reimbursed for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses properly incurred by the Executive from time to time in connection with performance of the Executives duties and submitted for reimbursement in accordance with the following sentence of this Section 5.7. The Executive shall furnish to the Company all invoices or statements in respect of expenses for which the Executive seeks reimbursement in accordance with the Companys policies or procedures for expense reimbursement, as may be amended from time to time. 

5.7Clawback Policy; Share Ownership Guidelines.The Executive agrees and acknowledges that any annual, long-term or other cash, equity or equity-based incentive or bonus compensation paid, provided or awarded to the Executive, including, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such policy, the stock options and restricted share units awarded in connection with the One-Time Awards, is subject to the terms and conditions of any clawback or recapture policy that Cronos Group may adopt from time to time, and may be subject to the requirement that such compensation be repaid to the Company after it has been distributed to the Executive. The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Executive shall be subject to Cronos Groups share ownership guidelines for the Executives position, as the same may be in effect or amended from time to time. As of the Effective Date, such guidelines require the Executive to achieve, within five years of the date such guidelines became effective and thereafter during the term of the Executives employment with the Company, a level of ownership equal to two times Base Salary.

6.Termination of Employment

6.1Termination by the Executive.The Executive may terminate the Executives employment with the Company at any time by providing the Company with at least three months of notice in writing. If, upon receipt of the Executives resignation (or any later date during such notice period), the Company terminates the Executives employment before the date the resignation was to be effective, the Company shall, in full satisfaction of its obligations to the Executive: (a) pay 

4

the Executives Base Salary and vacation pay accrued until the date the resignation was to be effective up to a maximum of three months; and (b) reimburse the outstanding expenses properly incurred by the Executive until the date the Executives employment ceases and submitted for reimbursement pursuant to Section 5.7. In such circumstances the Executive shall be ineligible for any pro-rated bonus for the year of termination, and any entitlements in respect of any equity-based awards shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award plan, any other applicable plan and the applicable award agreement. 

6.2Termination by the Company for Just Cause or on Death or Disability. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time for Just Cause without prior notice or in the event of the Executives death or Disability (as defined below). On the termination of the Executives employment for Just Cause or on the Executives death or Disability, this Agreement and the Executives employment shall terminate and the Company shall, in full satisfaction of its obligations to the Executive: (a) pay the Executives Base Salary and vacation pay accrued until the date the Executives employment ceases; and (b) reimburse the outstanding expenses properly incurred by the Executive until the date the Executives employment ceases and submitted for reimbursement pursuant to Section 5.7. In such circumstances the Executive shall be ineligible for any pro-rated bonus for the year of termination, and any entitlements in respect of equity-based awards shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award plan, any other applicable plan and the applicable award agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, (A) Just Cause means: (i) any act or omission constituting just cause for dismissal without notice under applicable law; (ii) the Executives repeated failure or refusal to perform the Executives principal duties and responsibilities after notice from the CEO or other officer of the Company; (iii) misappropriation of the funds or property of the Company; (iv) use of alcohol or drugs in violation of the Companys policies or in a manner that interferes with the Executives obligations under this Agreement; (v) the indictment, arrest or conviction in a court of law for, or the entering of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a summary or indictable offence or any crime involving moral turpitude, fraud, dishonesty or theft (subject to the Companys obligations under applicable law); (vi) engaging in any act which is a violation of any law, regulation or Cronos Group policy, that, if violated, injures or could reasonably be expected to injure the reputation, business or business relationships of the Group; (vii) engaging in any act which is a violation of any Cronos Group policy with respect to sexual harassment, discrimination or similar or related policies; or (viii) any act which injures or could reasonably be expected to injure the reputation, business or business relationships of the Group, and (B) Disability means a physical or mental incapacity of the Executive that has prevented the Executive from performing the duties customarily assigned to the Executive for 180 calendar days, whether or not consecutive, out of any twelve consecutive months and that in the opinion of the Company, acting on the basis of advice from a duly qualified medical practitioner, is likely to continue to a similar degree.

6.3Termination by the Company without Just Cause or Resignation for Good Reason. The Company may terminate the Executives employment at any time without Just Cause, on providing thirty days written notice to the Executive. The Executive may resign from the Executives employment for Good Reason (as defined below) on providing thirty days written notice to the Company. If (a) the Company terminates the Executives employment without Just Cause, or (b) the Executive resigns from the Executives employment for Good Reason, and in each case, if the Executive signs, delivers to the Company, and does not revoke a release in favor of the Group to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit C to this Agreement, the Company, shall, in full satisfaction of its obligations to the Executive: 

(a)pay the Executives Base Salary and accrued but unpaid vacation pay in accordance with applicable legislation;

(b)reimburse the Executives expenses properly incurred until the date the Executives employment ceases and properly submitted in accordance with the Companys policies;

(c)provide the Executive with a payment equal to the annual Base Salary, payable within sixty days following the Executives date of termination;

5

(d)continue the Executives group insured benefits at active employee rates under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, for one year following the Executives date of termination, or until the date on which the Executive obtains alternate benefit coverage, whichever occurs first, subject to the terms and conditions of the benefit plans, as amended from time to time. If the Company is unable for any reason to continue its contributions to the benefit plans as set out in this Agreement, it shall pay the Executive an amount equal to the Companys required contributions to such benefit plans on behalf of the Executive for such period. The Executive agrees that the Executive is required to notify the Company when the Executive obtains alternate life, medical and dental benefit coverage; 

(e)subject to the terms and conditions of the Groups annual cash bonus plan in effect at such time, provide the Executive with an annual performance bonus in respect of the fiscal year in which the Executives employment terminates. The annual bonus, if any, shall be (i) prorated based on the number of complete months of such fiscal year during which the Executive was actively employed up to the date of the Executives termination of employment, and (ii) payable as a lump sum when annual bonuses in respect of the fiscal year are paid to other senior executives of the Company. Any assessment of the Companys and the Executives year-to-date performances for purposes of determining the amount of the annual cash bonus, if any, shall be at the Companys sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if the Executives employment terminates after the end of a fiscal year, but before the payment of any annual performance bonus in respect of such year, the Executive shall only be eligible for a performance bonus in respect of such completed fiscal year, and shall not be eligible for a prorated bonus in respect of any subsequent fiscal year(s); and

(f)determine the Executives entitlements in respect of equity-based awards in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award plan, any other applicable plan and the applicable award agreement. 

If the Executive does not sign and deliver to the Company the release in favor of the Group described above, or if the Executive revokes the foregoing release, the Company shall only provide the Executive with such compensation (including any Base Salary and accrued but unpaid vacation pay, termination pay, severance pay and expense reimbursements submitted in accordance with Section 5.7) and benefits that are expressly required pursuant to applicable law, if any.

In this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following events without the Executives consent, except in each case for any action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company within thirty days after a written notice thereof by the Executive (provided that such written notice must be received by the Company within sixty days of the Executive becoming aware of such condition):

(g)the assignment to the Executive of duties materially different than the duties assigned to the Executive hereunder;

(h)a material diminution in the Executives title, status, seniority, responsibilities or authority or a requirement to report to any person other than the Companys CEO or the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board;

(i)the Company requiring relocation of the Executives principal place of employment;

(j)a material reduction in the Executives Base Salary, target bonus opportunity or target long-term incentive opportunity; or

6

(k)a material breach by the Company of the terms of this Agreement.

6.4Resignation on Termination. The Executive agrees that upon any termination of employment with the Company for any reason the Executive shall immediately tender resignation from any position the Executive may hold as an officer or director of the Company and take all steps necessary to remove the Executive from any and all designated positions (a) under any applicable laws, including the Cannabis Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to time, (b) with any subsidiary or affiliate of Cronos Group or (c) held by the Executive as a result of any Group members contractual rights. If the Executive fails to comply with this obligation within three days of the Executives termination or resignation, the Executive hereby irrevocably authorizes Cronos Group to appoint a person in the Executive's name and on the Executive's behalf to sign or execute any documents and/or do all things necessary or requisite to give effect to such resignation.

6.5Compliance with Laws.The Executive understands and agrees that the entitlements under this Article 6 are provided in full satisfaction of the Executives entitlements to notice of termination, pay in lieu of notice, and severance pay, if any, under this Agreement, any employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by the Group, applicable law (including the common law) or otherwise.

7.Restrictive Covenants

7.1Non-Disclosure. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that:

(a)during the term of the Executives employment, the Executive may be given access to or may become acquainted with confidential and proprietary information of the Group and third parties to which the Group may have any obligations of non-disclosure or confidentiality, including: trade secrets; know-how; Intellectual Property (as defined below); Executive-Developed IP (as defined below), Development Records (as defined below), existing and contemplated work product resulting from or related to projects performed or to be performed by or for the Group; programs and program modules; processes; algorithms; design concepts; system designs; production data; test data; research and development information; information regarding the acquisition, protection, enforcement and licensing of proprietary rights; technology; joint ventures; business, accounting, engineering and financial information and data; marketing and development plans and methods of obtaining business; forecasts; future plans and strategies of the Group; pricing, cost, billing and fee arrangements and policies; quoting procedures; special methods and processes; lists and/or identities of customers, suppliers, vendors and contractors; the type, quantity and specifications of products and services purchased, leased, licensed or received by the Group and/or any of its customers, suppliers, or vendors; internal personnel and financial information; business and/or personal information about any senior staff members of the Group or any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, estate, trust, organization, governmental authority or other entity of any kind or nature (Person) with which the Group enters a strategic alliance or any other partnering arrangements; vendor and supplier information; the manner and method of conducting the Groups business; the identity or nature of relationship of any Persons associated with or engaged as consultants, advisers, agents, distributors or sales representatives (the Confidential Information) the disclosure of any of which to competitors of the Group or to the general public, or the use of same by the Executive or any competitor of the Group, would be highly detrimental to the interests of the Group;

(b)disclosure or use of Confidential Information, other than in connection with the Groups business or as specifically authorized by the Group, will be highly detrimental to the business and interests of the Group and could result in serious loss of business and damage to it. Accordingly, the Executive specifically agrees to hold all Confidential Information in strictest confidence, and the Executive agrees that the Executive shall not, without the Companys prior written consent, disclose, divulge or reveal to any Person, or 

7

use for any purpose other than for the exclusive benefit of the Company, any Confidential Information, in whatever form contained; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to information (except for personal information about identifiable individuals) that: (i) was known to the public prior to its disclosure to the Executive; (ii) becomes generally known to the public subsequent to disclosure to the Executive other than by reason of the Executives breach of this Section; (iii) becomes available to the Executive from a source independent of the Group; or (iv) the Executive is specifically required to disclose by applicable law or legal process (provided that, to the extent legally permissible, the Executive provides the Company with prompt advance written notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperates with the Company in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information); and

(c)the Executive shall deliver to the Company, immediately upon termination of employment (for any reason and regardless of whether the Executive or the Company terminate the employment) or at any time the Company so requests: (i) any and all documents, files, notes, memoranda, models, databases, computer files and/or other computer programs reflecting any Confidential Information whatsoever or otherwise relating to the Groups business; (ii) lists or other documents regarding customers, suppliers, or vendors of the Group or leads or referrals to prospective business deals; and (iii) any computer equipment, home office equipment, automobile or other business equipment belonging to the Company that the Executive may then possess or have under the Executives control.

(d)this agreement shall not limit the Executives rights under applicable law to initiate communications directly with, provide information to, respond to any inquiries from, or report possible violations of law or regulation to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, or participate in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, and the Executive does not need the Groups permission to do so. In addition, it is understood that this Agreement shall not require the Executive to notify the Group of a request for information from any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority that is not directed to a member of the Group or of the Executives decision to file a charge or complaint with or participate in an investigation conducted by any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive recognizes that, in connection with the provision of information to any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, the Executive must inform such governmental entity or self-regulatory authority that the information the Executive is providing is confidential. Despite the foregoing, the Executive is not permitted to reveal to any third party, including any governmental entity or self-regulatory authority, information the Executive comes to learn during the Executives service to the Company that is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine. The Group does not waive any applicable privileges or the right to continue to protect its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information. The Executive is hereby notified that the U.S. Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides that an individual cannot be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (A) in confidence to federal, state or local government officials, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and is solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the law; (B) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; or (C) to the individuals attorney in connection with a lawsuit for retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law (and the trade secret may be used in the court proceedings for such lawsuit) as long as (x) any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and (y) the trade secret is not disclosed except pursuant to court order. 

7.2Intellectual Property

8

(a) In this Section 7.2, the term Germplasm means any living or preserved biological tissue or material which may be used for the purpose of plant breeding and/or propagation, including, plants, cuttings, seeds, clones, cells, tissues, plant materials and genetic materials (including nucleic acids, genes, promoters, reading frames, regulatory sequences, terminators, chromosomes whether artificial or natural and vectors).

(b) For the purposes of this Agreement, Intellectual Property means any and all intellectual property rights and proprietary rights existing in any jurisdiction throughout the world, including any rights in or to: (i) patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, industrial designs, industrial design applications, industrial design rights, ideas, discoveries and invention disclosures (whether or not patentable), and any divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, renewals, reexaminations and extensions of any of the foregoing; (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, packaging designs, slogans, other indicia of source, Internet domain names and URLs, and registrations and applications for registration of any of the foregoing and any renewals thereof, together with any goodwill symbolized thereby; (iii) copyrightable works (including with respect to software and compilations of data), whether published or unpublished, including all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications; (iv) trade secrets, and confidential or proprietary information, data or database rights, know-how, techniques, designs, processes, recipes and formulas; (v) Germplasm, plant varieties, and applications and registrations for plant varieties issued by or pending before any Governmental Authority, including under the Plant Variety Protection Act (United States) or the Plant Breeders Rights Act (Canada); and (vi) circuit topographies, database rights and software.

(c) The Executive agrees to promptly disclose to the Company (including, to the CEO) all Intellectual Property, including with respect to Germplasm, and whether or not any of the foregoing are registrable, which the Executive may author, make, conceive, develop, discover or reduce to practice, solely, jointly or in common with other employees, during the Executives employment with the Company, and which relate to the business activities of the Group (Executive-Developed IP). Intellectual Property coming within the scope of the business of the Company made and/or developed by the Executive while in the employ of the Company, whether or not conceived or made during regular working hours and whether or not the Executive is specifically instructed to make or develop the same, shall be for the benefit of the Company and shall be considered to have been made pursuant to this Agreement and shall be deemed Executive-Developed IP and shall immediately become exclusive property of the Company. 

(d) The Executive further acknowledges that all Executive-Developed IP is work made for hire (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law), made in the course of employment and owned exclusively by the Company and that the Executive has been compensated for such Executive-Developed IP by the Executives salary, commissions and other benefits, unless regulated otherwise by law. To the extent such Executive-Developed IP is not work made for hire, made in the course of employment or otherwise not owned automatically and exclusively by the Company as a matter of law, then to the greatest extent permitted under by applicable law, the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns and transfers, and shall assign and transfer, to the Company, the Executives entire right, title and interest in and to any and all Executive-Developed IP, and the Executive agrees to execute and deliver to the Company any and all instruments 

9

necessary or desirable to accomplish the foregoing and, in addition, to do all lawful acts which may be necessary or desirable to assist the Company to obtain and enforce protection of Executive-Developed IP. If and to the extent the foregoing assignment cannot be effected as a matter of law with respect to any Executive-Developed IP, the Executive hereby grants to the Company an exclusive, perpetual, fully-paid, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, fully-transferable, fully sublicensable (on multiple levels) license to use, modify, display, perform, make, have made, copy, make derivative works, import, export, distribute and otherwise exploit such Executive-Developed IP for any purpose. 

(e) The Executive must keep, maintain and make available to the Company complete and up-to-date records relating to any Executive-Developed IP, and agree that all such records are the sole and absolute property of the Company. For greater certainty, all materials related to Executive-Developed IP (including notes, records and correspondence, whether written or electronic) (collectively, Development Records) are the property of the Company, which the Executive shall provide to the Company upon request. Development Records shall not be removed from Company premises without the prior written consent of the Company. The Executive agrees to maintain as confidential any Executive-Developed IP and Development Records unless and until made generally public by the Company, and not to make application for registration of rights in respect of any Executive-Developed IP unless it is at the request and direction of the Company.

(f) The Executive shall, at the request and cost of the Company, and for no additional compensation or consideration from the Company, sign, execute, make and do all such deeds, documents, acts and things as the Company and its duly authorized agents may reasonably require: (i) to apply for, obtain and vest in the name of the Company alone (unless the Company otherwise directs) registered rights in any Executive-Developed IP, including any patents, industrial designs, letters patent, copyrights, plant breeders rights, trademarks, service marks or other analogous protection in any country throughout the world and when so obtained or vested to renew and restore the same; (ii) to perfect or evidence ownership by the Company or its designees of any and all Executive-Developed IP, in form suitable for recordation in the United States, Canada and any other intellectual property office anywhere in the world; (iii) to defend any opposition proceedings of any type whatsoever in respect of such applications, and any opposition proceedings or petitions or applications of any type whatsoever for revocation of such Executive-Developed IP, whether such proceedings are brought before a court or any administrative body; (iv) to defend and/or assert the Groups rights in any Intellectual Property against any third party; and (v) to assert the Executives moral rights in any Intellectual Property against any third party. The Executive further waives all moral rights in and to any Executive-Developed IP and all work the Executive produced during the course of the Executives employment in favor of the Company, its licensees, successors and assigns, and transferees of the Executive-Developed IP and such work.

(g) If, in the course of performing duties pursuant to this Agreement, the Executive uses any Germplasm, the Executive shall only use Germplasm provided by the Company, and the Executive agrees that any such Germplasm provided by the Company remains the sole property of the Company and that such Germplasm shall not be removed from Company premises without the prior written consent of the Company. 

10

(h) The Executive represents and warrants that the Executive does not possess any Intellectual Property or Germplasm of any third party, including any prior employer or competitor of the Group, and the Executive shall not acquire and/or use Intellectual Property or Germplasm of any third party in the course of performing duties pursuant to this Agreement and shall not bring any Germplasm of any third party onto Company premises.

7.3Non-Competition. The Executive shall not at any time during the Executives employment with the Company and for a period of one year following the termination of the Executives employment with the Company for any reason, either individually or in partnership or jointly or in conjunction with any Person as principal, agent, consultant, employee, partner, director, shareholder (other than an investment of less than five percent of the shares of a company traded on a registered stock exchange or traded in the over the counter market in the United States or Canada), or in any other capacity whatsoever: 

(a)engage in employment or enter into a contract to do work related to the research into, development, cultivation, production, supply, sales or marketing of cannabis or cannabis derived products; or the development or provision of any services (including technical and product support, or consultancy or customer services) which relate to cannabis or cannabis derived products (the Business); 

(b)have any financial or other interest (including by way of royalty or other compensation arrangements) in or in respect of the business of any Person which carries on the Business in any respect; or 

(c)advise, lend money to or guarantee the debts or obligations of any Person which carries on the Business in any respect; 

7.4anywhere within Canada and/or the United States of America.

7.5For purposes of this section, cannabis means (a) any plant or seed, whether live or dead, from any species or subspecies of genus Cannabis, including Cannabis sativa, Cannabis indica and Cannabis ruderalis, marijuana (which has the meaning ascribed to such term under applicable law, including the Controlled Substances Act) and industrial hemp (which has the meaning ascribed to such term and the term hemp under applicable law, including the Industrial Hemp Regulations (Canada) issued under the Cannabis Act and under the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946) and any part, whether live or dead, of the plant or seed thereof, including any stalk, branch, root, leaf, flower, or trichome; (b) any material obtained, extracted, isolated, or purified from the plant or seed or the parts contemplated by clause (a) of this definition, including any oil, cannabinoid, terpene, genetic material or any combination thereof; (c) any organism engineered to biosynthetically produce the material contemplated by clause (b) of this definition, including any micro-organism engineered for such purpose; (d) any biologically or chemically synthesized version of the material contemplated by clause (b) of this definition or any analog thereof, including any product made by any organism contemplated by clause (c) of this definition; and (e) any other meaning ascribed to the term cannabis under applicable law, including the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act and the Cannabis Act. 

7.6Non-Solicitation of Customers. The Executive shall not, during the Executives employment and for the one year period immediately following the termination of the Executives employment for any reason, whether alone or for or in conjunction with any Person, whether as an employee, partner, director, principal, agent, consultant or in any other capacity whatsoever, directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit any Customer or Prospective Customer for the purpose of obtaining the business of any Customer or Prospective Customer or persuading any 

11

such Customer or Prospective Customer to cease to do business with or reduce the amount of business it would otherwise provide to the Group. For the purpose of this Agreement, Customer means any Person which is a current customer or has been a customer of the Group during the term of the Executives employment with the Company but in the event of the cessation of the Executives employment Customer shall include only those current customers of the Group with whom the Executive had direct contact or access to Confidential Information by virtue of the Executives role as an employee of the Company at any time during the twelve month period preceding the date of the cessation of the Executives employment; direct contact means direct communications with or by the Executive, whether in person or otherwise, for purposes of servicing, selling, or marketing on behalf of the Company, but only if such communications are more than trivial in nature, and in any case excluding bulk or mass marketing communications directed to multiple customers; and, Prospective Customer means any Person has been actively contacted and solicited for its business by representatives of the Group, but in the event of the cessation of the Executives employment, shall include only those Persons contacted with the involvement and knowledge of the Executive within the twelve month period immediately preceding the date of the cessation of the Executives employment. 

7.7Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Executive shall not, during the Executives employment and for two years following the termination of the Executives employment for any reason, whether alone or for or in conjunction with any Person, whether as an employee, partner, director, principal, agent, consultant or in any other capacity whatsoever, directly or indirectly solicit or assist in the solicitation of any employee of the Group to leave such employment. 

7.8Disclosure. During the Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board full information concerning any interest, direct or indirect, of the Executive (whether as owner, shareholder, partner, lender or other investor, director, officer, employee, consultant or otherwise) or any member of the Executives immediate family, in any business which is reasonably known to the Executive to purchase or otherwise obtain services or products from, or to sell or otherwise provide services or products to the Group or to any of their respective suppliers or Customers.

7.9Other Employment.During the Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall not, except as a representative of the Company or with the prior written approval of the CEO, whether paid or unpaid, be directly or indirectly engaged, concerned or have any financial interest in any capacity in any other business, trade, professional or occupation (or the setting up of any business, trade, profession or occupation).

7.10Return of Materials. All files, forms, brochures, books, materials, written correspondence (including email and instant messages), memoranda, documents, manuals, computer disks, software products and lists (including financial and other information and lists of customers, suppliers, products and prices) pertaining to the Group which may come into the Executives possession or control shall at all times remain the property of the Group as applicable. Upon termination of the Executives employment for any reason, the Executive agrees to immediately deliver to the Company all such property in the Executives possession or directly or indirectly under the Executives control. The Executive agrees not to make, for the Executives personal or business use or that of any other person, reproductions or copies of any such property or other property of the Group.

7.11Non-Disparagement. Subject to Section 7.1(d), the Executive shall refrain, both during and after the cessation of the Executives employment with the Company, from making, publicly or privately, any statement or announcement that constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or that otherwise disparages, defames, slanders, impugns or is reasonably likely to damage the reputation of the Company or the Group, or any of their respective directors, members, limited or general partners, equity holders, officers, employees, agents, consultants, advisors or other representatives.

12

8.General

8.1Reasonableness of Restrictions and Covenants. The Executive hereby confirms and agrees that the covenants and restrictions contained in this Agreement, including those contained in Article 7, are reasonable and valid the Executive further acknowledges and agrees that the Company may suffer irreparable injury in the event of any breach by the Executive of the obligations under any such covenant or restriction. Accordingly, the Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that damages would be an inadequate remedy at law in connection with any such breach and that the Company shall therefore be entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy which it may have at law, in equity or otherwise, to temporary and permanent injunctive relief enjoining and restraining the Executive from any such breach.

8.2Survival.Article 7 and this Section 8.2 survive the termination of this Agreement and the Executives employment for any reason whatsoever. 

8.3Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties on the subject matters addressed herein. There are no representations, warranties or collateral agreements, whether written or oral, outside of this written Agreement. This Agreement and the terms and conditions of employment contained herein supersede and replace any prior understandings or discussions between the Parties, including the Original Agreement, regarding the Executives employment.

8.4Withholding Taxes. The Company may deduct or withhold from any amounts or benefits payable under this Agreement income taxes and payroll taxes that are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

8.5Section 409A Compliance. To the extent applicable, this Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A (together with the applicable regulations thereunder, Section 409A) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A or to the extent any provision in this Agreement must be modified to comply with Section 409A (including Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(c)), such provision shall be read, or shall be modified (with the mutual consent of the Parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), as the case may be, in such a manner so that all payments due under this Agreement shall comply with Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. In no event may the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if necessary to comply with the restriction in Section 409A(a)(2)(B) concerning payments to specified employees (as defined in Section 409A) any payment on account of the Executives separation from service that would otherwise be due hereunder within six months after such separation shall nonetheless be delayed until the first business day of the seventh month following the Executives date of termination and the first such payment shall include the cumulative amount of any payments that would have been paid prior to such date if not for such restriction. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this Agreement unless she would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. 

8.6Section 280G. In the event that any payment or benefit that the Executive would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a change of control or other similar transaction (a 280G Payment) (i) would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (ii) but for this Section 8.6, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then any such 280G Payment shall be payable either (a) in full, or (b) as to such lesser amount which would result in no portion of such payments and benefits being subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of payments and benefits notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payments and benefits 

13

may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduced amount is to be paid under this Section 6.1, reductions in payments and/or benefits shall occur in the following order: (1) if none of the payments is nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, then the reduction shall occur in the manner the Executive elects in writing prior to the date of payment and (2) if any payment constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A or if the Executive fails to elect an order, then the payments to be reduced shall be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to Executive and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent, shall be reduced in the inverse order of when payment would have been made to Executive, until the reduction is achieved; provided, however, that no such reduction or elimination shall apply to any non-qualified deferred compensation amounts (within the meaning of Section 409A) to the extent such reduction or elimination would accelerate or defer the timing of such payment in manner that does not comply with Section 409A. All determinations required to be made under this paragraph, including the manner and amount of any reduction in Executives payments hereunder, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determinations, shall be made in writing in good faith by a nationally recognized accounting or consulting firm selected by the Company.

8.7Amendments.This Agreement may only be amended by written agreement executed by the Parties. However, for the avoidance of doubt, changes to the Executives position, duties, vacation, benefits and compensation, over time in the normal course, do not affect the validity or enforceability of the Agreement.

8.8Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and the laws of the United States applicable in the State of Delaware. 

8.9Severability. If any provision in this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed from this Agreement, and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. If for any reason any court of competent jurisdiction shall find any provisions of this Agreement unreasonable in duration or geographic scope or otherwise, the Parties agree that the restrictions and prohibitions contained herein shall be effective to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law in such jurisdiction.

8.10Assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to an affiliate or subsidiary, and it inures to the benefit of the Company, its successors or assigns.

8.11Independent Legal Advice. The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Agreement, and that the Executive has either obtained such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waives any objections or claims the Executive may make resulting from any failure on the Executives part to obtain such advice.

8.12Waiver. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective or binding, unless made in writing and signed by the party purporting to give the same. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions, whether or not similar, nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver, unless expressly stated otherwise. 

8.13Conditions. This Agreement and the Executives continued employment hereunder is conditional on the Companys satisfaction (determined in the Companys sole discretion) that the Executive has met the legal requirements to perform the Executives role, including satisfactory results of Health Canada or any other applicable security clearance checks and criminal record checks and other reference checks that the Company performs. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that in signing this Agreement, and providing the Company with the necessary documentation to perform the checks required for the Executives role and with references, the Executive is providing consent to the Company or its agent, to performs such checks and contact the references the Executive provided to the Company. 

14

8.14Prior Restrictions. By signing below, the Executive represents and warrants that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any Person which restricts in any way the Executives hiring by the Company and the performance of the Executives expected job duties; the Executive also represents and warrants that, during the Executives employment with the Company, the Executive shall not disclose or make use of any confidential information of any other persons or entities in violation of any of their applicable policies or agreements and/or applicable law.

8.15Certain Rules of Construction. All Section titles or other captions in this Agreement are for convenience only, and they shall not be deemed part of this Agreement and in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope or intent of any provisions hereof. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision of this Agreement; (b) all references to clauses, or Sections refer to clauses or Sections of this Agreement; (c) all references to including or any variation thereof shall be construed as meaning including, without limitation; and (d) references to Exhibits or Schedules refer to the Exhibits and Schedules attached to this Agreement, each of which is made a part hereof for all purposes.

8.16Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the Parties as of this 19th day of March, 2025.

CRONOS USA CLIENT SERVICES LLC

By: 

Cronos Group Inc., its sole member

/s/ Michael Gorenstein

Michael Gorenstein

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

CRONOS GROUP INC.

By: 

/s/ Michael Gorenstein

Michael Gorenstein

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

ANNA SHLIMAK

/s/ Anna Shlimak

Date: March 19, 2025 

16

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF FULL AND FINAL RELEASE

GENERAL RELEASE AND WAIVER OF CLAIMS (this Release), by the undersigned(hereinafter called the Releasor) in favor of Cronos Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as the Employer), affiliates, stockholders, beneficial owners of its stock, its current or former officers, directors, employees, members, attorneys and agents, and their predecessors, successors and assigns, individually and in their official capacities (hereinafter called the Releasees).

WHEREAS, Releasor has been employed as Chief Financial Officer of Cronos Group, Inc.; 

WHEREAS, Releasors employment with Cronos USA Client Services LLC was terminated, effective as of (the Effective Date); and 

WHEREAS, Releasor is seeking certain payments under Section 6.3 of the employment agreement entered into by Cronos USA Client Services LLC, the Releasor and, solely for the purposes specified therein, Cronos Group, Inc., effective March 19, 2025 (hereinafter called the Employment Agreement), that are conditioned on the effectiveness of this Release.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such payments and benefits and the covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows:

1.GENERAL RELEASE. Releasor knowingly and voluntarily waives, terminates, cancels, releases and discharges forever the Releasees from any and all suits, actions, causes of action, claims, allegations, rights, obligations, liabilities, demands, entitlements or charges (collectively, Claims) that Releasor (or Releasors heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns) has or may have, whether known, unknown or unforeseen, vested or contingent, by reason of any matter, cause or thing occurring at any time before and including the date of this Release, including all claims arising under or in connection with Releasors employment, or termination or resignation of employment with the Employer, including: Claims under United States federal, state or local law and the national or local law of any foreign country (statutory or decisional), for wrongful, abusive, constructive or unlawful discharge or dismissal, for breach of any contract, or for discrimination based upon race, color, ethnicity, sex, age, national origin, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or any other unlawful criterion or circumstance, including rights or Claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990 (OWBPA), violations of the Equal Pay Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1991, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, including all amendments to any of the aforementioned acts; and violations of any other federal, state, or municipal fair employment statutes or laws, including violations of any other law, rule, regulation, or ordinance pertaining to employment, wages, compensation, hours worked, or any other Claims for compensation or bonuses, whether or not paid under any compensation plan or arrangement; breach of contract; tort and other common law Claims; defamation; libel; slander; impairment of economic opportunity defamation; sexual harassment; retaliation; attorneys fees; emotional distress; intentional infliction of emotional distress; assault; battery, pain and suffering; and punitive or exemplary damages (the Released Matters). In addition, in consideration of the provisions of this Release, Releasor further agrees to waive any and all rights under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States, 

17

or any other country, that limit a general release to those Claims that are known or suspected to exist in Releasors favor as of the Release Effective Date (as defined below).

Thus, notwithstanding the purpose of implementing a full and complete release and discharge of the claims released by this Release, Releasor expressly acknowledges that this Release is intended to include in its effect all claims which Releasor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of execution hereof arising out of or relating in any way to the subject matter of the actions referred to herein above and that this Release contemplates the extinguishment of any such claims.

2.SURVIVING CLAIMS. Notwithstanding anything herein, in your Employment Agreement, or in that certain letter agreement, effective as of between Releasor and Employer to the contrary, this Release shall not:

(i)release any Claims for payment of amounts payable underthe Employment Agreement (including under Section 6.3 thereof);

(ii)release any Claim for employee benefits under plans covered by ERISA to the extent any such Claim may not lawfully be waived or for any payments or benefits under any Employer plans that have vested (including any 401(k) plan) according to the terms of those plans;

(iii)release any Claim or right Releasor may have pursuant to indemnification, advancement, defense, or reimbursement pursuant to any applicable D&O policies, any similar insurance policies, applicable law or otherwise;

(iv)release any Claim that may not lawfully be waived in a private agreement between the parties; or

(v)prohibit or restrict Releasor from (A) participating, cooperating, testifying, or expressing an interest in doing any of the same, in any action, review, investigation, or proceeding by, or providing information or documents to, any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Ontario Securities Commission, (B) accepting monetary awards or other incentives for participating in a whistleblower program administered by any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the Ontario Securities Commission, (C) making disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of applicable Canadian federal, Canadian provincial, U.S. federal or U.S. state law or regulation (including Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), or (D) making a complaint to, initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Ontario Securities Commission, regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. Releasor does not need prior authorization from any Releasees to make any such reports or disclosures and Releasor is not required to notify any Releases that such reports or disclosures have been made. Despite the foregoing, Releasor is not permitted to reveal to any third party, including any government or regulatory agency or authority, information Releasor came to learn during Releasors service to the 

18

Employer that is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine. The Employer does not waive any applicable privileges or the right to continue to protect its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information.

3.ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Releasor further represents and warrants that Releasor has not filed any civil action, suit, arbitration, administrative charge, or legal proceeding against any Releasees nor, has Releasor assigned, pledged, or hypothecated as of the Release Effective Date any Claim to any person and no other person has an interest in the Claims that she is releasing. However, this representation does not apply to any charges, actions, or proceedings before, or engaging in communications with, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the Ontario Securities Commission about possible fraud or other securities law violations occurring prior to the date you execute this agreement.

4.ACKNOWLEDGMENT BY RELEASOR. Releasor acknowledges and agrees that Releasorhas read this Release in its entirety and that this Release is a general release of all known and unknown Claims. Releasor further acknowledges and agrees that:

(i)this Release does not release, waive or discharge any rights or Claims that may arise for actions or omissions after the Release Effective Date and Releasor acknowledges that she is not releasing, waiving or discharging any ADEA Claims that may arise after the Release Effective Date;

(ii)Releasor is entering into this Release and releasing, waiving and discharging rights or Claims only in exchange for consideration which she is not already entitled to receive;

(iii)Releasor has been advised, and is being advised by the Release, to consult with an attorney before executing this Release; 

(iv)Releasor has been advised, and is being advised by this Release, that she has been given at least [twenty-one (21)] [forty-five (45)] days within which to consider the Release, but Releasor can execute this Release at any time prior to the expiration of such review period; [and]

(v)[Because this Release includes a release of claims under ADEA, Releasor is being provided with the information contained in Schedule 1 hereto in accordance with the OWBPA; and]1

(vi)Releasor is aware that this Release shall become null and void if she or she revokes his or her agreement to this Release within seven (7) days following the date of execution of this Release. Releasor may revoke this Release at any time during such seven-day period by delivering (or causing to be delivered) to the Employer written notice of his or her revocation of this Release no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the seventh (7th) full day following the date of execution of this Release (the Release Effective Date). Releasor agrees and acknowledges 

1Note to Draft: To be included (along with 45 day consideration period and Schedule 1 attached hereto) in consideration for ADEA/OWBPA claims in terminations involving multiple employees.

19

that a letter of revocation that is not received by such date and time shall be invalid and shall not revoke this Release.

5.COOPERATION WITH INVESTIGATIONS AND LITIGATION. Releasor agrees, upon the Employers reasonable request and consistent with Releasors reasonable business and personal obligations, to reasonably cooperate with the Employer in any investigation, litigation, arbitration or regulatory proceeding regarding events that occurred during Releasors tenure with the Employer or its affiliate, including making himself or herself reasonably available to consult with Employers counsel, to provide information and to give testimony. Employer shall reimburse Releasor for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses Releasor incurs in extending such cooperation, so long as Releasor provides satisfactory documentation of the expenses. Nothing in this Section is intended to, and shall not, restrict or limit Releasor from exercising his or her protected rights described in Sections 2, 4, 5 or 6 hereof or restrict or limit Releasor from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena, other legal process or valid governmental inquiry.

6.RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.Releasor hereby affirms the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 7 of the Employment Agreement shall continue to apply following the Release Effective Date in accordance with their terms, subject to Releasors protected rights as set forth in Section 2(v) of this Release.

7.GOVERNING LAW. To the extent not subject to federal law, this Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state.

8.SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Release should be declared to be unenforceable by any administrative agency or court of law, then remainder of the Release shall remain in full force and effect. 

9.CAPTIONS; SECTION HEADINGS. Captions and section headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Release and shall not be used in construing it.

10.COUNTERPARTS; FACSIMILE SIGNATURES. This Release may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original instrument without the production of any other counterpart. Any signature on this Release, delivered by either party by photographic, facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be an original signature thereto.

20

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunder set my hand this _______ day of ___________, 20____.

SIGNED AND DELIVERED

in the presence of:

Witness Signature

Print Name of Witness

Address of Witness 

[Name of Executive]

21

Schedule 1

[TO BE COMPLETED AND PROVIDED IF APPLICABLE]

As required by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Employer is providing the following information. 

To respect the privacy of your colleagues, we ask that you use the information on this Schedule only for its intended purpose to help you decide whether to enter into the Release and that you otherwise treat this information as confidential.

[All employees of the Employer][describe subset of employees considered for separation] (known as the decisional unit) were considered for the separation program. The chart below shows the job titles and ages, as of , of each employee in the decisional unit and whether or not such employee has been selected for termination and offered separation pay in exchange for signing a release under the separation program. Employees have 45 days to consider whether to sign and 7 days to revoke any such release.

Job Title Age

(as of ) Selected for the separation program?

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit102-holmseparationa.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.2

March 19, 2025

James Holm

At the Address on file with the Company

Dear James,

This letter agreement (this Letter Agreement), effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date), sets forth the terms and conditions of our agreement regarding your resignation from your employment with Cronos USA Client Services LLC, a limited liability company incorporated in the State of Delaware (the Company) and wholly owned subsidiary of Cronos Group Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (Cronos Group). Unless context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this Letter Agreement that are not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement between you, the Company and solely for the purposes specified therein, Cronos Group, dated as of November 14, 2022 (the Employment Agreement). 

1.Separation

(a)Your employment with the Company will cease on April 18, 2025 (the Separation Date). From the Effective Date to the Separation Date: (a) you will continue to be employed by the Company but shall cease to serve as Chief Financial Officer of Cronos Group, (b) you will not perform any work for the Company except responding to inquiries in a timely manner to facilitate the transition of your duties and responsibilities; and (c) the Company may in good faith reassign or reduce your duties and responsibilities.

(b)As of the Effective Date, you voluntarily and irrevocably resign from all positions you hold as an officer or director (or similar or equivalent position) of the Company, Cronos Group or any subsidiary thereof (collectively, the Resignations). The Company and Cronos Group hereby accept, acknowledge and agree to the Resignations. If any other documentation is necessary to properly effectuate the Resignations, you agree to cooperate reasonably and promptly in executing and delivering it at the request of the Company or Cronos Group.

(c)The Company shall: (i) pay your Base Salary for the period up to the Separation Date; and (ii) reimburse your documented expenses properly incurred prior to the Effective Date in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement policy. Except as set forth in Section 2(a)(ii) of this Letter Agreement, your participation in the Companys benefit plans shall end on the Separation Date.

2.Separation Benefits. 

Contingent on your execution and non-revocation of the Release and Waiver of Claims attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release) on or following the Separation Date in accordance with the timing set forth therein, and subject to: (i) Section 3 of this Letter Agreement; and (ii) your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement and the post-employment obligations set forth in Article 7 of the Employment Agreement, including, without limitation, as relates to non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, intellectual property, and return of property, in consideration of amounts in excess of the minimum entitlements under applicable law: 

(a)the Company shall, in full satisfaction of its obligations to you, 

i.pay you US $385,000, which represents one (1) year of your annual base salary, payable by way of lump sum payment within thirty (30) days after the Separation Date;

ii.pay you US $20,260, which is equal to one year of the employer portion of your benefits premiums, to cover some of the costs of continuing your group insured benefits, should you decide to do so after the Separation Date; and

iii.provide you an annual cash award in respect of the 2025 fiscal year (the Bonus) of US $104,046.25 comprised of an individual performance component equal to US $37,633.75 and a business performance component equal to US $442,750 multiplied by 60% (i.e., 0.6), and thereafter multiplied by a fraction where the numerator is (3) and the denominator is (12). The Bonus shall be paid on the same date on which awards under STIC Program are provided to other Cronos Group executive officers in respect of the 2025 fiscal year. 

(b)Cronos Group shall, in full satisfaction of its obligations to you, accelerate the vesting of 49,852 non-qualified stock options pursuant to Section 5(b)(iii) of your Option Award Agreement entered into on November 28, 2022 (the Option Award Agreement). Any vested options must be exercised in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award plan and the Option Award Agreement by October 18, 2025. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in this Section 2(b), your entitlements in respect of any equity-based awards shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable equity award plan and the applicable award agreements. 

You understand and agree that the entitlements under Section 1 and this Section 2 are provided in satisfaction of your entitlements to notice of termination, pay in lieu of notice, termination pay, and severance pay under the Employment Agreement, any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any of its affiliates, applicable law or otherwise. You shall not be entitled to any other payments or benefits under the Employment Agreement, except as specifically provided herein.

3.Clawback Policy.

You understand and agree that any cash, equity or equity-based compensation paid or provided pursuant to Section 2 of this Letter Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of Cronos Groups Clawback Policy in effect from time to time, and may be subject to a requirement that such compensation be repaid to the Company after it has been distributed to you.

4.Restrictive Covenants; Return of Materials.

You hereby affirm that the restrictive covenants and other post-employment obligations contained in the Employment Agreement are and shall remain in effect and enforceable in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement, and you hereby reaffirm the existence and reasonableness of those obligations (including, without limitation, any non-disclosure and non-disparagement obligations, and any non-competition, and non-solicitation restrictions).

2

5.Cooperation with Litigation, Investigations and Regulatory Proceedings.

You agree, upon the Companys request, to cooperate with the Company in any investigation, litigation, arbitration or regulatory proceeding involving or relating to the Company or its affiliates, including by making yourself reasonably available to consult with the Companys counsel. The Company shall reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that you incur in extending such cooperation, so long as you provide satisfactory documentation of the expenses.

Cronos Group hereby affirms that the Indemnity Agreement between you and Cronos Group shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms following the Separation Date, including with respect to maintenance of directors and officers liability insurance in accordance with the terms of the Indemnity Agreement.

6.Deductions and Withholdings. 

You understand and agree that the Company shall make such deductions and withholdings from your remuneration and any other payments or benefits provided to you pursuant to this Letter Agreement as may be required by law.

7.Amendments. 

This Letter Agreement may only be amended by written agreement executed by the Company, Cronos Group and you.

8.Independent Legal Advice. 

You acknowledge that you have been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Letter Agreement, and that you have obtained such advice.

9.Expenses. 

All costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Letter Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Letter Agreement including all costs, fees and expenses of representatives of the parties hereto, shall be paid by the party incurring such cost, fee or expense. 

10.Counterparts.

This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Letter Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Letter Agreement.

3

If you agree that this Letter Agreement correctly memorializes our understandings, please sign and return this Letter Agreement, which shall become a binding agreement as of the Effective Date.

Sincerely,

CRONOS GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Mike Gorenstein 

Name: Mike Gorenstein

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

CRONOS USA CLIENT SERVICES LLC

By: Cronos Group Inc., its sole member

By: /s/ Mike Gorenstein 

Name: Mike Gorenstein

Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Accepted and Agreed:

/s/ James Holm 

James Holm

Date: March 19, 2025

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]

Exhibit A

FULL AND FINAL RELEASE AND WAIVER OF CLAIMS

GENERAL RELEASE AND WAIVER OF CLAIMS (this Release), by the undersigned(hereinafter called the Releasor) in favor of Cronos Group Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Cronos USA Client Services LLC (together, the Employer), affiliates, stockholders, beneficial owners of its stock, its current or former officers, directors, employees, members, attorneys and agents, and their predecessors, successors and assigns, individually and in their official capacities (hereinafter called the Releasees).

WHEREAS, Releasor was employed as Chief Financial Officer of Cronos Group Inc.; 

WHEREAS, Releasors employment with Cronos USA Client Services LLC ended effective as of April 18, 2025; and 

WHEREAS, Releasor is seeking certain payments under Section 6.3 of the Employment Agreement entered into by Cronos USA Client Services LLC, the Releasor and, solely for the purposes specified therein, Cronos Group, Inc., dated November 14, 2022 (hereinafter called the Employment Agreement), as set forth in the Letter Agreement between Employer, Cronos USA Client Services LLC and Releasor dated March 19, 2025 (hereinafter called the Letter Agreement), that are conditioned on the effectiveness of this Release.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of such payments and benefits and the covenants and agreements set forth in the Letter Agreement, the parties agree as follows:

1.GENERAL RELEASE. Releasor knowingly and voluntarily waives, terminates, cancels, releases and discharges forever the Releasees from any and all suits, actions, causes of action, claims, allegations, rights, obligations, liabilities, demands, entitlements or charges (collectively, Claims) that Releasor (or Releasors heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns) has or may have, whether known, unknown or unforeseen, vested or contingent, by reason of any matter, cause or thing occurring at any time before and including the date of this Release, including all claims arising under or in connection with Releasors employment, or termination or resignation of employment with the Employer, including, without limitation: Claims under United States federal, state or local law and the national or local law of any foreign country (statutory or decisional), for wrongful, abusive, constructive or unlawful discharge or dismissal, for breach of any contract, or for discrimination based upon race, color, ethnicity, sex, age, national origin, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or any other unlawful criterion or circumstance, including rights or Claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990 (OWBPA), violations of the Equal Pay Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1991, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, including all amendments to any of the aforementioned acts; and violations of any other federal, state, or municipal fair employment statutes or laws, including, without limitation, violations of any other law, rule, regulation, or ordinance pertaining to employment, wages, compensation, hours worked, or any other Claims for compensation or bonuses, whether or not paid under any compensation plan or arrangement; breach of contract; tort and other common law Claims; defamation; libel; slander; impairment of economic opportunity defamation; sexual harassment; retaliation; attorneys fees; emotional distress; intentional infliction of emotional distress; assault; battery, 

pain and suffering; and punitive or exemplary damages (the Released Matters). In addition, in consideration of the provisions of this Release, Releasor further agrees to waive any and all rights under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States, or any other country, that limit a general release to those Claims that are known or suspected to exist in Releasors favor as of the Release Effective Date (as defined below).

Thus, notwithstanding the purpose of implementing a full and complete release and discharge of the claims released by this Release, Releasor expressly acknowledges that this Release is intended to include in its effect, without limitation, all claims which Releasor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of execution hereof arising out of or relating in any way to the subject matter of the actions referred to herein above and that this Release contemplates the extinguishment of any such claims.

2.SURVIVING CLAIMS. Notwithstanding anything herein, in your Employment Agreement or in the Letter Agreement, dated March 19, 2025, between Releasor and Employer to the contrary, this Release shall not:

(i)release any Claims for payment of amounts payable underthe Letter Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 2 thereof);

(ii)limit your right to elect to continue group health benefits pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA);

(iii)release any Claim for employee benefits under plans covered by ERISA to the extent any such Claim may not lawfully be waived or for any payments or benefits under any Employer plans that have vested (including any 401(k) plan) according to the terms of those plans;

(iv)release any Claim or right Releasor may have pursuant to indemnification, advancement, defense, or reimbursement pursuant to any applicable D&O policies, any similar insurance policies, applicable law or otherwise; 

(v)release any Claim that may not lawfully be waived in a private agreement between the parties; or

(vi)prohibit or restrict Releasor from (A) participating, cooperating, testifying, or expressing an interest in doing any of the same, in any action, review, investigation, or proceeding by, or providing information or documents to, any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Ontario Securities Commission, (B) accepting monetary awards or other incentives for participating in a whistleblower program administered by any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the Ontario Securities Commission, (C) making disclosures under the whistleblower provisions of applicable Canadian federal, Canadian provincial, U.S. federal or U.S. state law or regulation (including Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), or (D) making a complaint to, initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any government or regulatory agency or authority, including the U.S. Securities and 

2

Exchange Commission and the Ontario Securities Commission, regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. Releasor does not need prior authorization from any Releasees to make any such reports or disclosures and Releasor is not required to notify any Releases that such reports or disclosures have been made. Despite the foregoing, Releasor is not permitted to reveal to any third party, including any government or regulatory agency or authority, information Releasor came to learn during Releasors service to the Employer that is protected from disclosure by any applicable privilege, including but not limited to the attorney-client privilege or attorney work product doctrine. The Employer does not waive any applicable privileges or the right to continue to protect its privileged attorney-client information, attorney work product, and other privileged information.

3.ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Releasor further represents and warrants that Releasor has not filed any civil action, suit, arbitration, administrative charge, or legal proceeding against any Releasees nor, has Releasor assigned, pledged, or hypothecated as of the Release Effective Date any Claim to any person and no other person has an interest in the Claims that he is releasing. However, this representation does not apply to any charges, actions, or proceedings before, or engaging in communications with, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the Ontario Securities Commission about possible fraud or other securities law violations occurring prior to the date you execute this agreement.

4.ACKNOWLEDGMENT BY RELEASOR. Releasor acknowledges and agrees that Releasorhas read this Release in its entirety and that this Release is a general release of all known and unknown Claims. Releasor further acknowledges and agrees that:

(i)this Release does not release, waive or discharge any rights or Claims that may arise for actions or omissions after the Release Effective Date and Releasor acknowledges that he is not releasing, waiving or discharging any ADEA Claims that may arise after the Release Effective Date;

(ii)Releasor is entering into this Release and releasing, waiving and discharging rights or Claims only in exchange for consideration which he is not already entitled to receive;

(iii)Releasor has been advised, and is being advised by the Release, to consult with an attorney before executing this Release; and

(iv)Releasor has been advised, and is being advised by this Release, that he has been given at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider the Release, but Releasor can execute this Release at any time prior to the expiration of such review period; and

(v)Releasor is aware that this Release shall become null and void if he revokes his or her agreement to this Release within seven (7) days following the date of execution of this Release. Releasor may revoke this Release at any time during such seven-day period by delivering (or causing to be delivered) to the Employer written notice of his or her revocation of this Release no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the seventh (7th) full day following the date of execution of this 

3

Release (the Release Effective Date). Releasor agrees and acknowledges that a letter of revocation that is not received by such date and time shall be invalid and shall not revoke this Release.

5.COOPERATION WITH INVESTIGATIONS AND LITIGATION. Releasor agrees, upon the Employers reasonable request and consistent with Releasors reasonable business and personal obligations, to reasonably cooperate with the Employer in any investigation, litigation, arbitration or regulatory proceeding involving or relating to the Company or its affiliates, including making himself or herself reasonably available to consult with Employers counsel, to provide information and to give testimony. Employer shall reimburse Releasor for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses Releasor incurs in extending such cooperation, so long as Releasor provides satisfactory documentation of the expenses. Nothing in this Section is intended to, and shall not, restrict or limit Releasor from exercising his or her protected rights described in Sections 2, 4, 5 or 6 hereof or restrict or limit Releasor from providing truthful information in response to a subpoena, other legal process or valid governmental inquiry. 

6.RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.Releasor hereby affirms the restrictive covenants set forth in Article 7 of the Employment Agreement shall continue to apply following the Release Effective Date in accordance with their terms, subject to Releasors protected rights as set forth in Section 2(vi) of this Release.

7.GOVERNING LAW. To the extent not subject to federal law, this Release shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within that state.

8.SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Release should be declared to be unenforceable by any administrative agency or court of law, then remainder of the Release shall remain in full force and effect. 

9.CAPTIONS; SECTION HEADINGS. Captions and section headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this Release and shall not be used in construing it.

10.COUNTERPARTS; FACSIMILE SIGNATURES. This Release may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original instrument without the production of any other counterpart. Any signature on this Release, delivered by either party by photographic, facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be an original signature thereto.

4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunder set my hand this ____ day of April 2025.

SIGNED AND DELIVERED

in the presence of:

Witness Signature

Print Name of Witness

Address of Witness 

JAMES HOLM

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cron-20250319.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cron-20250319_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cron-20250319_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover Page

Aug. 08, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 19, 2025

Entity Address, Address Line One 4491 Concession Rd 12

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code L0M 1S0

City Area Code 416

Local Phone Number 504-0004

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol CRON

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Registrant Name CRONOS GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001656472

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
17 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://thecronosgroup.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cron-20250319.htm 
cron-20250319.xsd 
cron-20250319_lab.xml 
cron-20250319_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001656472-25-000047-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cron-20250319_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001656472 

2024-08-08 
2024-08-08 

false 
0001656472 
8-K 
2025-03-19 
CRONOS GROUP INC. 
4491 Concession Rd 12 
L0M 1S0 
416 
504-0004 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, no par value 
CRON 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>