<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-021967.txt : 20250310
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-021967.hdr.sgml : 20250310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250310071504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-021967
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SmartKem, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817760
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				851083654
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42115
		FILM NUMBER:		25722136

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MANCHESTER TECHNOLOGY CENTER
		STREET 2:		HEXAGON TOWER, DELAUNAYS ROAD, BLACKLEY
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			M9 8GQ
		BUSINESS PHONE:		011-44-161-721-1514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MANCHESTER TECHNOLOGY CENTER
		STREET 2:		HEXAGON TOWER, DELAUNAYS ROAD, BLACKLEY
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			M9 8GQ

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Parasol Investments Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200710
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258541d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000181776000018177602025-03-102025-03-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): March 10, 2025

SmartKem, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42115 85-1083654

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

Manchester Technology Center, Hexagon Tower

Delaunays Road, Blackley

Manchester, M9 8GQU.K.

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

011-44-161-721-1514

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share SMTK The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b - 2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b - 2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company x

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Effective
March 10, 2025, SmartKem, Inc. (the Company) appointed Jonathan Watkins as its Chief Operating Officer.

From
July 2024 until his appointment as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Watkins served as a consultant to the Company. Since
September 2024, Mr. Watkins has served as the Executive Chairman of HFQ Technology Associates, a materials technology company. He also
has served as the founder and chairman of DITEVEN Limited, a technology consulting services company (DITEVEN), since November
2015. From August 2016 through June 2024, Mr. Watkins served as the chief executive officer of Impression Technologies Limited (ITL),
where he led the development, licensing and scaling of a novel aluminum light-weighting technology for automotive, aerospace and consumer
electronics markets, as well as securing manufacturing partners in Europe, China and North America. ITL entered voluntary liquidation
in June 2024. Prior thereto, Mr. Watkins served as an advisor to government agencies on cleantech business models, including commercializing
novel technologies. From 2008 to 2015, Mr. Watkins held roles as chief operating officer and commercial director of Ceres Power plc,
a leading developer of fuel cell technology having responsibilities for manufacturing, supply chain management and business development.
Mr. Watkins has a Postgraduate Certificate in Design Manufacture, and Management Masters in Manufacturing, Design & Management from
University of Cambridge and a BEng degree in Materials Science & Technology from University of Birmingham. He is also a Chartered
Engineer and holds a Certified Diploma in Accounting and Finance.

In
connection with Mr. Watkins appointment, the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary, SmartKem Limited (SKL), entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Watkins dated March 10, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). Under the Employment Agreement,
Mr. Watkins will receive an annual base salary of $257,000 and will be entitled to a discretionary
bonus in an amount determined by the Board of Directors of SKL. The Employment Agreement provides for an unspecified term of employment,
which may be terminated by either the Company or Mr. Watkins on no less than three months prior written notice (the Notice
Period); provided, that SKL will have the right to terminate Mr. Watkins employment at any time in which event Mr. Watkins
will be entitled to receive a payment of an amount equal to his base salary for the Notice Period, less required withholdings. Under
certain circumstances, SKL may terminate Mr. Watkins employment immediately without liability. SKL will also have the option to
place Mr. Watkins on Garden Leave (as defined in the Employment Agreement) at any time for a period not to exceed the Notice Period.
Mr. Watkins is subject to customary non-compete and non-solicit provisions. The Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality
and assignment of invention provisions.

The
foregoing description of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein
by reference.

There
is no family relationship between Mr. Watkins and any director or executive officer of the Company. Prior to his appointment as the Companys
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Watkins served as a consultant to the Company pursuant to an oral consulting arrangement. During the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024, the Company paid DITEVEN Limited (DITEVEN), a company controlled by Mr. Watkins, $65,501
for his services. From January 1, 2025 through Mr. Watkins appointment as our Chief Operating Officer on March 10, 2025 the Company
paid DITEVEN $67,364. Except as described in the previous sentence, there are no transactions between Mr. Watkins and the Company that
would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

On
March 10, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing Mr. Watkins appointment as the Companys Chief Operating Officer.
A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) The following exhibit
is furnished with this report:

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, dated as of March
10, 2025, by and between the SmartKem Limited and Jonathan Watkins

99.1 Press Release, dated March 10, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Signature

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

SMARTKEM, INC.

Dated: March 10, 2025 By: /s/ Barbra C. Keck

Barbra C. Keck

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258541d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DATED March
10, 2025

SMARTKEM Limited

and

JONATHAN WATKINS

EMPLOYMENT
CONTRACT

THIS AGREEMENT is dated the 10th day
of March 2025

BETWEEN:

(1) SMARTKEM LIMITED incorporated and registered
in England and Wales with company number 11065412 whose registered office is Manchester Technology
Centre, Hexagon Tower, Delaunays Road, Blackley, Manchester, England, M9 8GQ (Company
/ we / us).

(2) JONATHAN WATKINS of 41 Plainwood Close,
Chichester PO19 5YB, United Kingdom (Employee / you).

IT IS AGREED
THAT:

1. Interpretation

1.1 The definitions and rules of interpretation
in this clause 1 apply in this agreement.

Appointment your employment by us on
the terms of this agreement.

Associated Employer has the meaning given to it in the
Employment Rights Act 1996.

Board the board of directors of the Company
(including any committee of the board duly appointed by it).

Business Day a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday
or public holiday in England, when banks in London are open for business.

Capacity as agent, consultant, director, employee,
worker, owner, partner or shareholder.

Confidential Information information (whether or not recorded
in documentary form, or stored on any magnetic or optical disk or memory) which is not in the public domain relating to any Group
Companys business, products, affairs and finances for the time being confidential to any Group Company and trade secrets including,
without limitation, technical data and know-how relating to any Group Companys business or any of its business contacts.

Garden Leave any period during which we have exercised
our rights under clause 20

Group Company the Company, its Subsidiaries or Holding
Companies from time to time and any Subsidiary of any Holding Company from time to time.

Incapacity any sickness, injury or other medical
disorder or condition which prevents you from carrying out your duties.

Intellectual Property Rights copyright and all related rights, rights
in trade marks, domain names, registered company names and business names, rights in get-up, trading goodwill, rights in designs,
rights in computer software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other
intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications (or rights to apply)
for and be granted, renewals and extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights
or forms of protection throughout the world.

1

Invention any invention, idea, discovery, improvements
or innovation made by you during the course of your normal duties or in the course of other duties specifically assigned to you,
where that invention might reasonably be expected to result from the carrying out of those duties (whether or not made during working
hours or using our premises or resources, and whether or not recorded in material form).

Qualifying Scheme a pension scheme which is a qualifying
scheme for the purposes of section 16 of the Pensions Act 2008.

Restricted Business those parts of any Group Companys
business with which you were involved to a material extent in the 12 months before Termination.

Restricted Customer any firm, company or person who, during
the 12 months before Termination, was a customer or prospective customer of or in the habit of dealing with any Group Company with
whom you had material contact or about whom you became aware or informed in the course of your employment.

Restricted Person anyone employed or engaged by any Group
Company in a technical or managerial position and who could materially damage any Group Companys interests if they were involved
in any Capacity in any business concern which competes with any Restricted Business and with whom you had material dealings in the
12 months before Termination in the course of your employment.

Staff Handbook our staff handbook as amended from
time to time.

Start Date The date of this agreement.

Subsidiary and Holding Company in relation to a company mean subsidiary
and holding company as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 and a company shall be treated, for the purposes
only of the membership requirement contained in subsections 1159(1)(b) and (c), as a member of another company even if its shares
in that other company are registered in the name of (a) another person (or its nominee), whether by way of security or in connection
with the taking of security, or (b) a nominee.

Termination 

the
termination of your employment with us however caused.

1.2 The headings in this agreement are inserted
for convenience only and shall not affect its construction.

1.3 A reference to a particular law is a reference
to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment, extension, or
re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under
it.

1.4 Unless the context otherwise requires, words
in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular.

2. Term
of Appointment

2.1 The Appointment shall be deemed to have started
on the Start Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this agreement, until
terminated by either party giving the other not less than three months prior notice
in writing.

2

2.2 The first six months of your employment shall
be a probationary period. During this time your suitability for permanent employment shall
be monitored. At the end of this period you will be notified in writing if you have passed
your probation. During the probationary period our formal disciplinary and performance management
procedures do not apply. We may in suitable cases extend your probationary period and you
will be notified in writing if this is the case.

2.3 Your period of continuous employment with
us commences on the Start Date.

2.4 You consent to the transfer of your employment
under this agreement to an Associated Employer at any time during the Appointment.

2.5 You agree not to work for anyone else while
you are employed by us, other than by prior agreement with the Board.

3. Your
Warranties

3.1 You represent and warrant to us that, by entering
into this agreement or performing any of your obligations under it, you will not be in breach
of any court order or any express or implied terms of any contract or other obligation binding
on you and undertake to indemnify us against any claims, costs, damages, liabilities or expenses
which we may incur as a result if you are in breach of any such obligations.

3.2 You warrant that you are entitled to work
in the UK without any additional approvals and will notify us immediately if you cease to
be so entitled during the Appointment.

4. Duties

4.1 You shall serve us as CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
and report to the Board.

4.2 During the Appointment you shall:

4.2.1 Carry out your duties with reasonable
skill and care;

4.2.2 unless prevented by Incapacity, devote
the whole of your time, attention and abilities to our business and the business of any Group
Company to which you are appointed to carry out your duties;

4.2.3 faithfully and diligently exercise
such powers and perform such duties as the Board may from time to time assign to you together
with such person or persons as the Board may appoint to act jointly with you;

4.2.4 comply with all reasonable and lawful
directions given to you by the Board;

4.2.5 promptly make such reports and provide
such information to the Board in connection with any Group Companys affairs or your
duties on such matters and at such times as are reasonably required;

4.2.6 report your own wrongdoing and any
wrongdoing or proposed wrongdoing of any other employee or director of any Group Company
to the Board immediately on becoming aware of it;

4.2.7 use your best endeavours to promote,
protect, develop and extend our business and the business of any other Group Company; and

4.2.8 comply with any electronic communication
systems policy that we may issue from time to time.

3

4.3 You shall:

4.3.1 comply with all applicable laws, regulations,
codes and sanctions relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption including but not limited
to the Bribery Act 2010;

4.3.2 not engage in any activity, practice
or conduct which would constitute an offence under sections 1, 2 or 6 of the Bribery Act
2010 if such activity, practice or conduct had been carried out in the UK;

4.3.3 comply with our ethics and anti-corruption
and bribery policies and related procedures at all times, in each case as we may update them
from time to time;

4.3.4 promptly report to the Board any request
or demand for any undue financial or other advantage of any kind received by you in connection
with the Appointment.

4.4 We take a zero-tolerance approach to tax evasion.
You must not engage in any form of facilitating tax evasion, whether under UK law or under
the law of any foreign country. You must immediately report to the Board any request or demand
from a third party to facilitate the evasion of tax or any concerns that such a request or
demand may have been made. You must at all times comply with our anti-facilitation of tax
evasion policy in each case as we may update them from time to time.

4.5 You shall comply with any rules, policies
and procedures set out in the Staff Handbook. The Staff Handbook does not form part of this
agreement and we may amend it at any time. To the extent that there is any conflict between
the terms of this agreement and the Staff Handbook, this agreement shall prevail.

4.6 All documents, manuals, hardware and software
provided for your use by us, and any data or documents (including copies) produced, maintained
or stored on our computer systems or other electronic equipment (including mobile phones),
remain our property.

5. Place
of Work

5.1 Your normal place of work is your home address
or such other place within a reasonable area which the Board may reasonably require for the
proper performance and exercise of your duties. However, you agree to work from any offices
or place of business of the Company upon reasonable notice in order to fulfil your duties;

5.2 You agree to travel on any Group Companys
business (both within the UK or abroad) as may be required for the proper performance of
your duties under the Appointment. In this case, we will work with you to agree the timing
and location of such travel, and agree on reimbursement of your expenses.

5.3 During the Appointment you shall not be required
to work outside the UK for any continuous period of more than one month.

6. Hours
of Work

6.1 You are employed to work 4 days a week on
such dates to be agreed. Your normal working hours on those days are 9 am to 6 pm (inclusive)..
You also have a one-hour unpaid lunch break. . However, you may be required to work additional
hours, without extra remuneration, as may be necessary for the proper performance of your
duties. You acknowledge that you shall not receive further remuneration in respect of such
additional hours.

7. Salary

7.1 You shall be paid an initial salary of 204,000
per annum.

7.2 Your salary shall accrue from day to day at
a rate of 1/260 of your annual salary and be payable monthly in arrears on or about the last
working day of each month (or any new date that we tell you) directly into your bank or building
society account.

4

7.3 Your salary shall be reviewed by the Board
annually. We are under no obligation to award an increase following a salary review. There
will be no review of the salary after notice has been given by either party to terminate
the Appointment.

7.4 We may deduct from your salary, or any other
sums owed to you, any money owed to any Group Company by you.

8. Benefits

8.1 You are entitled to our standard company benefits
during the Appointment.

9. Expenses

9.1 We shall reimburse (or procure the reimbursement
of) all reasonable expenses wholly, properly and necessarily incurred by you in the course
of the Appointment, subject to production of VAT receipts or other appropriate evidence of
payment.

9.2 You shall abide by our policies on expenses
as set out in the Staff Handbook from time to time.

9.3 Any credit card supplied to you by us shall
be used only for expenses incurred by you in the course of the Appointment.

10. Bonus

10.1 The Board may in its absolute discretion
pay you a bonus of such amount, at such intervals and subject to such conditions as the Board
may in its absolute discretion determine from time to time to be notified to you and the
Board from time to time.

10.2 Any bonus payment to you shall be purely
discretionary and shall not form part of your contractual remuneration under this agreement.
If we make a bonus payment to you, we shall not be obliged to make subsequent bonus payments.

10.3 Notwithstanding clause 10.1, you shall in
any event have no right to a bonus or a time-apportioned bonus if:

10.3.1 you have not been employed throughout
the whole of the relevant financial year of the Company; or

10.3.2 your employment terminates for any
reason or you are under notice of termination (whether given by you or by us) at or before
the date when a bonus might otherwise have been payable.

10.4 Any bonus payments shall not be pensionable.

11. Holidays

11.1 Our holiday year runs between 1 January and
31 December. If the Appointment starts or finishes part way through the holiday year, your
holiday entitlement during that year shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis.

11.2 You shall be entitled to 20 days paid
holiday in each holiday year. In addition, you are entitled to take the usual public holidays
in England and Wales or a day in lieu where we require you to work on a public holiday.

11.3 Where your normal remuneration includes regular
payments in addition to basic pay such as commission or overtime pay (but not including expenses),
your holiday pay in respect of the first four weeks of holiday in each holiday year will
include, in addition to basic pay, an amount reflecting those additional payments averaged
over a 52-week reference period in accordance with the Working Time Regulations 1998.

5

11.4 All holiday requests must be approved in
writing in advance by the Board. Holiday must be requested in line with our holidays policy.
We may require you to take (or not to take) holiday on particular dates, including during
garden leave or your notice period.

11.5 Holiday can only be taken in the holiday year in which it accrues
otherwise it will be lost.

11.6 You may carry over holiday that you have been unable to take
due to being on sick leave. Carry over is limited to four weeks less any holiday already taken. It will be lost if not taken within 18
months of the end of the holiday year in which it accrued.

11.7 You may carry over holiday that you have been unable to take
due to being on maternity, paternity or adoption leave, parental leave, shared parental leave or parental bereavement leave. It will
be lost if not taken by the end of the following holiday year.

11.8 We shall not pay you in lieu of untaken holiday
except on termination of the Appointment. On termination we shall pay you in lieu of any
accrued but untaken holiday up to the statutory minimum requirement for the holiday year
in which termination takes place.

11.9 If we have terminated or would be entitled
to terminate the Appointment under clause 20 or if you have terminated the Appointment in
breach of this agreement, any payment due under clause 11.6 shall be limited to your statutory
entitlement under the Working Time Regulations 1998 and any paid holidays (including paid
public holidays) taken shall be deemed first to have been taken in satisfaction of that statutory
entitlement.

11.10 If on termination of the Appointment you
have taken more holiday than your accrued entitlement, we shall be entitled to recover the
excess holiday for each excess day by deducting it from any payments due to you or otherwise.

12. Incapacity

12.1 If you are absent from work due to Incapacity,
you shall notify the Board of the reason for the absence as soon as possible but no later
than 9:00am on the first day of absence.

12.2 You shall certify your absence in accordance
with our sickness policy.

12.3 Subject to your compliance with this agreement,
you shall be entitled to receive your full salary during any periods of sickness absence
up to a maximum of 3 months, in any 52-week period. This does not affect any entitlement
you may have to receive Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) for the same periods of sickness
absence, although any sick pay you receive from the Company shall be inclusive of any SSP
due to you. Your qualifying days for SSP purposes are Monday to Friday.

12.4 You agree to consent to medical examinations
(at our expense) by a doctor nominated by us should we so require.

12.5 If the Incapacity is or appears to be occasioned
by actionable negligence, nuisance or breach of any statutory duty on the part of a third
party in respect of which damages are or may be recoverable, you shall immediately notify
the Board of that fact and of any claim, settlement or judgment made or awarded in connection
with it and all relevant particulars that the Board may reasonably require. You shall if
required by the Board, co-operate in any related legal proceedings and refund to us that
part of any damages or compensation recovered by you relating to the loss of earnings for
the period of the Incapacity as the Board may reasonably determine less any costs borne by
you in connection with the recovery of such damages or compensation, provided that the amount
to be refunded shall not exceed the total amount paid to you by us in respect of the period
of Incapacity.

12.6 Our rights to terminate the Appointment under
the terms of this agreement apply even when such termination would or might cause you to
forfeit any entitlement to sick pay, or other benefits.

6

13. Other
Paid Leave

13.1 You may be eligible to take the following
types of paid leave, subject to any statutory eligibility requirements or conditions and
the Companys rules applicable to each type of leave in force from time to time:

13.1.1 statutory paternity leave;

13.1.2 statutory adoption leave;

13.1.3 shared parental leave; and

13.1.4 parental bereavement leave.

13.2 Further details of such leave and your pay
during such leave are available from the Staff Handbook.

13.3 We may replace, amend or withdraw the Companys
policy on any of the above types of leave at any time.

14. Training

14.1 We will provide training where necessary
to enable you to perform your role. You will need to take part in training from time to time
such as Health and Safety, changes in the law and/or our procedures or anything else relevant
for your role.

15. Outside
Interests

15.1 Subject to clause 15.2, during the Appointment
you shall not, except as our representative or with the Boards prior written approval,
whether paid or unpaid, be directly or indirectly engaged, concerned or have any financial
interest as agent, consultant, director, employee, owner, partner, shareholder or in any
other capacity in any other business, trade, profession or occupation (or the setting up
of any business, trade, profession or occupation).

15.2 Notwithstanding clause 15.1, you may hold
an investment by way of shares or other securities of not more than 5% of the total issued
share capital of any company (whether or not it is listed or dealt in on a recognised stock
exchange) where such company does not carry on a business similar to or competitive with
any business for the time being carried on by any Group Company.

15.3 You agree to disclose to the Board any matters
relating to your spouse or civil partner (or anyone living as such), children or parents
which may, in the Boards reasonable opinion, be considered to interfere, conflict
or compete with the proper performance of your obligations under this agreement.

16. Confidential
Information

16.1 You acknowledge that in the course of the
Appointment you will have access to Confidential Information. You have therefore agreed to
accept the restrictions in this clause 16.

16.2 Subject to clause 16.3, you shall not (except
in the proper course of your duties), either during the Appointment or at any time after
its termination (however arising), use or disclose to any person, company or other organisation
whatsoever (and shall use your best endeavours to prevent the publication or disclosure of)
any Confidential Information. This shall not apply to:

16.2.1 any use or disclosure authorised by
the Board or required by law;

16.2.2 any information which is already in,
or comes into, the public domain other than through your unauthorised disclosure; or

7

16.2.3 any protected disclosure within the
meaning of section 43A of the Employment Rights Act 1996.

16.3 Nothing in this clause 16 shall prevent you
or, where applicable, us (or any of our officers, employees, workers or agents) from:

16.3.1 reporting a suspected criminal offence
to the police or any law enforcement agency or co-operating with the police or any law enforcement
agency regarding a criminal investigation or prosecution;

16.3.2 doing or saying anything that is required
by HMRC or a regulator, ombudsman or supervisory authority, including the FCA and the PRA;

16.3.3 whether required to or not, making
a disclosure to, or co-operating with any investigation by, HMRC or a regulator, ombudsman
or supervisory authority, including the FCA and the PRA, regarding any misconduct, wrongdoing
or serious breach of regulatory requirements (including giving evidence at a hearing);

16.3.4 complying with an order from a court
or tribunal to disclose or give evidence;

16.3.5 disclosing information to HMRC for
the purposes of establishing and paying (or recouping) tax and National Insurance liabilities
arising from the Appointment or its termination;

16.3.6 disclosing information to any person
who owes a duty of confidentiality (which you and we agree not to waive) in respect of information
disclosed to them, including legal or tax advisers or, in your case, persons providing you
with medical, therapeutic, counselling or support services (provided they owe you a duty
of confidentiality which remains unwaived); or

16.3.7 making any other disclosure as required
by law [and/or the Regulatory Reference Rules.

17. Intellectual
Property

17.1 You acknowledge that all Intellectual Property
Rights created by you in the course of your employment with us and all Inventions shall automatically
belong to us to the fullest extent permitted by law, and you agree to provide and assign
to us at our request all materials embodying or recording them.

17.2 You agree to give us full written details
of all Intellectual Property Rights that you create during the course of your employment
with us and of all Inventions promptly on request.

17.3 You unconditionally and irrevocably waive
all your present and future moral rights which arise under Part I of the Copyright, Designs
and Patents Act 1988, and under any similar laws of any jurisdiction, relating to copyright
works created by you in the course of your employment with us in favour of us and our licensees,
sub-licensees, assignees and successors in title to the copyright in those works.

17.4 You agree to provide and execute all documents
and do all acts both during and after your employment by us as may in our reasonable opinion
be necessary to:

17.4.1 give us the full benefit and control
of all Intellectual Property Rights created in the course of your employment with us and
all Inventions, to demonstrate that we own them, to register them in our name and to protect,
enforce and maintain them; and

17.4.2 enforce against third parties Intellectual
Property Rights and Inventions that we own or have the right to use; and

17.4.3 defend claims against us for infringement
of third-party Intellectual Property Rights.

8

We shall reimburse any reasonable expenses
that you incur in complying with your obligations under this clause, to the extent that such expenses are approved in advance by us in
writing.

18. Payment
in Lieu of Notice

18.1 Notwithstanding clause 2, we may, in our
sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Appointment at any time and with immediate effect
by notifying you that we are exercising our right under this clause 18 and that we will make
within 28 days a payment in lieu of notice (Payment in Lieu), or the first instalment
of any Payment in Lieu, to you. This Payment in Lieu will be equal to the basic salary (as
at the date of termination) which you would have been entitled to receive under this agreement
during the notice period referred to at clause 2 (or, if notice has already been given,
during the remainder of the notice period) less income tax and National Insurance contributions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment in Lieu shall not include any element in relation
to:

18.1.1 any bonus or commission payments that
might otherwise have been due during the period for which the Payment in Lieu is made;

18.1.2 any payment in respect of benefits
which you would have been entitled to receive during the period for which the Payment in
Lieu is made; and

18.1.3 any payment in respect of any holiday
entitlement that would have accrued during the period for which the Payment in Lieu is made.

18.2 We may pay any sums due under clause 18.1
in equal monthly instalments until the date on which the notice period referred to at clause
2 would have expired if notice had been given. You shall be obliged to seek alternative income
during this period and to notify us of any income so received. The instalment payments shall
then be reduced by the amount of such income.

18.3 You shall have no right to receive a Payment
in Lieu unless we have exercised our discretion in clause18.1. Nothing in this clause 18
shall prevent us from terminating the Appointment in breach.

18.4 Notwithstanding clause 18.1 you shall not
be entitled to any Payment in Lieu if we would otherwise have been entitled to terminate
the Appointment without notice in accordance with clause 19. In that case we shall also be
entitled to recover from you any Payment in Lieu (or any instalments) already made.

19. Termination
Without Notice

19.1 We may also terminate the Appointment with
immediate effect without notice and with no liability to make any further payment to you
(other than in respect of amounts accrued due at the date of termination) if you:

19.1.1 are in breach of your obligations
under clause 4.3;

19.1.2 are in breach of your obligations
under clause 4.4;

19.1.3 are guilty of any gross misconduct
affecting the business of any Group Company;

19.1.4 commit any serious or repeated breach
or non-observance of any of the provisions of this agreement or refuse or neglect to comply
with any of the Boards reasonable and lawful directions, including but not limited
to any reasonable and lawful direction to return to the UK and your normal place of work
and any repeated or serious failure to comply with any reasonable instructions or measures
that we implement in response to an emergency or other critical situation;

19.1.5 are, in the reasonable opinion of
the Board, negligent and incompetent in the performance of your duties;

9

19.1.6 are declared bankrupt or make any
arrangement with or for the benefit of your creditors or have a county court administration
order made against you under the County Court Act 1984;

19.1.7 are convicted of any criminal offence
(other than an offence under any road traffic legislation in the UK or elsewhere for which
a fine or non-custodial penalty is imposed) or any offence under any regulation or legislation
relating to insider dealing;

19.1.8 are, in the opinion of a medical practitioner
who is treating you physically or mentally incapable of performing your duties and may remain
so for more than three months and the medical practitioner has given a medical opinion to
the Board to that effect;

19.1.9 cease to be eligible to work in the
UK;

19.1.10 are guilty of any fraud or dishonesty
or act in any manner which in the Boards opinion brings or is likely to bring you
or any Group Company into disrepute or is materially adverse to any Group Companys
interests;

19.1.11 are guilty of a serious breach of
any rules issued by us from time to time regarding our electronic communications systems;
or

19.1.12 are unable by reason of Incapacity
to perform your duties under this agreement for an aggregate period of 26 weeks in any 52-week
period.

19.2 Our rights under clause 19.1 are without
prejudice to any other rights that we might have at law to terminate the Appointment or to
accept any breach of this agreement by you as having brought the agreement to an end. Any
delay by us in exercising our rights to terminate shall not constitute a waiver of these
rights.

20. Garden
Leave

20.1 Following service of notice to terminate
the Appointment by either party, or if you purport to terminate the Appointment in breach
of contract, the Board may by written notice place you on Garden Leave for the whole or part
of the remainder of the Appointment. Any period of Garden Leave shall not normally exceed
three months.

20.2 During any period of Garden Leave:

20.2.1 we shall be under no obligation to
provide any work to you and may revoke any powers you hold on any Group Companys,
behalf;

20.2.2 we may require you to carry out alternative
duties or to only perform such specific duties as are expressly assigned to you, at such
location (including your home) as we may decide;

20.2.3 you shall continue to receive your
basic salary and all contractual benefits in the usual way and subject to the terms of any
benefit arrangement;

20.2.4 you shall remain our employee and
bound by the terms of this agreement (including any implied duties of good faith and fidelity);

20.2.5 you shall ensure that the Chief Executive
Officer knows where you will be and how you can be contacted during each working day (except
during any periods taken as holiday in the usual way);

20.2.6 we may exclude you from any of any
Group Companys premises; and

10

20.2.7 we may require you not to contact
or deal with (or attempt to contact or deal with) any officer, employee, consultant, client,
customer, supplier, agent, distributor, shareholder, adviser or other business contact of
any Group Company.

21. Obligations
on Termination

21.1 On termination of the Appointment (however
arising) or, if earlier, at the start of a period of Garden Leave, you shall:

21.1.1 resign immediately without compensation
from any office in any Group Company or from any position which you hold as a trustee in
relation to the business of any Group Company;

21.1.2 transfer without payment to us or
as we may direct any shares or other securities held by you in any Group Company as any Group
Companys nominee or trustee and deliver to us the related certificates;

21.1.3 subject to clause 21.2, immediately
deliver to us all documents, books, materials, records, correspondence, papers and information
(on whatever media and wherever located) relating to any Group Companys business or
affairs or its business contacts, any keys, credit card and any other property of any Group
Company, which is in your possession or under your control;

21.1.4 irretrievably delete any information
relating to any Group Companys business stored on any magnetic or optical disk or
memory and all matter derived from such sources which is in your possession or under your
control outside our premises; and

21.1.5 provide a signed statement that you
have complied fully with your obligations under this clause 21 together with such reasonable
evidence of compliance as we may request.

21.2 Where you have been placed on Garden Leave
you shall not be required by clause 21.1 to return until the end of the Garden Leave period
any property provided to you as a contractual benefit for use during the Appointment.

21.3 You hereby irrevocably appoint us to be your
attorney to execute and do any such instrument or thing and generally to use your name for
the purpose of giving us or our nominee the full benefit of clause 21.1. and clause 21.2.

21.4 On termination of the Appointment however
arising you shall not be entitled to any compensation for the loss of any rights or benefits
under any share option, bonus, long-term incentive plan or other profit sharing scheme operated
by any Group Company in which you may participate.

22. Restrictive
Covenants

22.1 In order to protect the Confidential Information
and any Group Companys business connections to which you have access as a result of
the Appointment, you covenant with us (on our own behalf and as trustee and agent for each
Group Company) that you shall not:

22.1.1 for 12 months after Termination solicit
or endeavour to entice away from any Group Company the business or custom of a Restricted
Customer with a view to providing goods or services to that Restricted Customer in competition
with any Restricted Business;

22.1.2 for 12 months after Termination in
the course of any business concern which is in competition with any Restricted Business,
offer to employ or engage or otherwise endeavour to entice away from any Group Company any
Restricted Person;

11

22.1.3 for 6 months after Termination, be
involved in any Capacity with any business concern which is (or intends to be) in competition
with any Restricted Business;

22.1.4 for 12 months after Termination be
involved with the provision of goods or services to (or otherwise have any business dealings
with) any Restricted Customer in the course of any business concern which is in competition
with any Restricted Business; or

22.1.5 at any time after Termination, represent
yourself as connected with any Group Company in any Capacity, other than as a former employee,
or use any registered business names or trading names associated with any Group Company.

22.2 None of the restrictions in clause 22.1 shall
prevent you from:

22.2.1 holding an investment by way of shares
or other securities of not more than 5% of the total issued share capital of any company,
whether or not it is listed or dealt in on a recognised stock exchange; or

22.2.2 being engaged or concerned in any
business concern insofar as your duties or work shall relate solely to geographical areas
where the business concern is not in competition with any Restricted Business.

22.3 The restrictions imposed on you by this clause
22 apply to you acting:

22.3.1 directly or indirectly; and

22.3.2 on your own behalf or on behalf of,
or in conjunction with, any firm, company or person.

22.4 The periods for which the restrictions in
clause 22.1 apply shall be reduced by any period that you spend on Garden Leave immediately
before Termination.

22.5 If, during the Appointment or before the
expiry of the last of the covenants in this clause 22, you receive an approach or offer to
be involved in any Capacity in a business which competes with any part or parts of any Group
Companys business with which you are or have been involved to a material extent during
the Appointment, you shall:

22.5.1 notify the Board in writing of the
fact of the approach or offer and the identity of the person making the approach or offer
as soon as possible; and

22.5.2 if requested, provide a copy of any
written offer as soon as possible; and

22.5.3 give the person making the offer a
copy of this clause 22 within seven days of the offer being made.

The obligations contained in this clause
22.5 are continuing obligations and shall also apply if, at any time subsequent to the relevant approach or offer being made but before
the expiry of the last of the covenants in this clause 22, the business making the offer or approach so competes with any Group Companys
business.

22.6 If, at any time during your employment, two
or more Restricted Persons have left their employment, appointment or engagement with us
to carry out services for a business concern which competes with, or is intended to compete
with any Restricted Business, you will not at any time during the six months following the
last date on which any of those Restricted Persons were employed or engaged by us, be employed
or engaged in any way with that business concern.

22.7 The parties entered into the restrictions
in this clause 22 having been separately legally advised.

12

22.8 Each of the restrictions in this clause 22
is intended to be separate and severable. If any of the restrictions shall be held to be
void but would be valid if part of their wording were deleted, such restriction shall apply
with such deletion as may be necessary to make it valid or effective.

22.9 If your employment is transferred to any
firm, company, person or entity other than a Group Company (the New Employer)
pursuant to the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006, you
will, if required, enter into an agreement with the New Employer containing post-termination
restrictions corresponding to those restrictions in this clause 22, protecting the confidential
information, trade secrets and business connections of the New Employer.

22.10 You will, at our request and expense, enter
into a separate agreement with any Group Company in which you agree to be bound by restrictions
corresponding to those restrictions in this clause 22 (or such of those restrictions as may
be appropriate) in relation to that Group Company.

23. Disciplinary
and Grievance Procedures

23.1 You are subject to our disciplinary rules
and procedure, and our grievance procedure. These rules and procedures do not form part of
your employment contract.

23.2 If you want to raise a grievance, you may
apply in writing to the Board in accordance with our grievance procedure.

23.3 If you wish to appeal against a disciplinary
decision, you may apply in writing to the Board in accordance with our disciplinary procedure.

23.4 The Board may suspend you from any or all
of your duties for no longer than is necessary to investigate any disciplinary matter involving
you or so long as is otherwise reasonable while any disciplinary procedure against you is
outstanding.

24. Pensions

24.1 The Company will comply with the employer
pension duties in accordance with Part 1 of the Pensions Act 2008. After a 3-month period
you will be enrolled into our workplace pension scheme (provided you meet the auto enrolment
criteria). The scheme is operated in line with government pensions legislation and is subject
to change to remain in line with this..

25. Data
Protection

25.1 We shall collect and process information
relating to you in accordance with the privacy notice which you will be provided with in
writing.

25.2 You shall comply with the Data protection
policy when handling personal data in the course of employment including personal data relating
to any employee, worker, contractor, customer, client, supplier or agent of ours.

25.3 Failure to comply with the Data protection
policy may be dealt with under our Disciplinary procedure and, in serious cases, may be treated
as gross misconduct leading to summary dismissal.

26. Collective
Agreements

There is no collective agreement which
directly affects the Appointment.

27. Reconstruction
and Amalgamation

27.1 If the Appointment is terminated at any time
by reason of any reconstruction or amalgamation of any Group Company, whether by winding
up or otherwise, and you are offered employment with any concern or undertaking involved
in or resulting from the reconstruction or amalgamation on terms which (considered in their
entirety) are no less favourable to any material extent than the terms of this agreement,
you shall have no claim against us or any such undertaking arising out of or connected with
the termination.

13

28. Notices

28.1 A notice given to a party under or in connection
with this agreement shall be in writing and shall be:

28.1.1 delivered by hand or by pre-paid first-class
post or other next working day delivery service at the address given in this agreement or
as otherwise notified in writing to the other party.

28.2 Unless proved otherwise, any such notice
shall be deemed to have been received:

28.2.1 if delivered by hand, at the time
the notice is left at the address given in this agreement or given to the addressee; and

28.2.2 if sent by pre-paid first-class post
or other next working day delivery service, at 9.00am on the second Business Day after posting
or at the time recorded by the delivery service.

28.3 If deemed receipt under clause 28.2 would
occur outside business hours in the place of receipt, it shall be deferred until business
hours resume. In this clause 28.3, business hours means 9.00am to 5.00pm Monday to Friday
on a day that is not a public holiday in the place of receipt.

28.4 A notice required to be given under this
agreement shall not be validly given if sent by email.

28.5 This clause does not apply to the service
of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action or, where applicable, any other
method of dispute resolution.

29. Entire
Agreement

29.1 This agreement and any document referred
to in it constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes and extinguishes
all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings
between them, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter.

29.2 Each party acknowledges that in entering
into this agreement it does not rely on, and shall have no remedies in respect of, any statement,
representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not
set out in this agreement.

29.3 Each party agrees that it shall have no claim
for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or negligent misstatement based on any statement
in this agreement.

30. Variation

No variation or agreed termination
of this agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their authorised representatives).

31. Counterparts

31.1 This agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall constitute a duplicate original, but all the counterparts
shall together constitute the one agreement.

32. Third
Party Rights

No one other than a party to this agreement
shall have any right to enforce any of its terms.

14

33. Governing
Law

This agreement and any dispute or claim
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.

34. Jurisdiction

Each
party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including
non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this agreement or its subject matter or formation.

This
document has been executed as a deed and is delivered and takes effect on the date stated at the beginning of it.

Executed as a deed by SMARTKEM LIMITED acting by a director,
and a director / Secretary 

/s/ Ian Jenks 

Ian Jenks, Director

/s/ Barbra Keck

Barbra Keck, Director

Signed as a deed by JONATHAN WATKINS in the
presence of:

/s/ Anne Watkins 

Anne Watkins

41 Plainwood Close

Chichester PO19 5YB

United Kingdom

Occupation: Social Worker 

/s/ Jonathan Watkins 

Jonathan Watkins

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258541d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

PRESS RELEASE

Smartkem Appoints Jonathan Watkins Chief
Operating Officer

Experienced executive to lead global
operations and strategic partnerships in drive to commercialize semiconductor technology

MANCHESTER, England, Mar. 10, 2025 --
Smartkem (Nasdaq: SMTK), which is seeking to change the world of electronics with a new class of transistor technology, announced that
it has appointed Jonathan Watkins as Chief Operating Officer (COO), with responsibility for global operations and strategic partnerships.

Commenting on todays announcement,
CEO Ian Jenks commented, Jonathan has held strategic, commercial, and operational roles across multi-billion-dollar multinationals,
private equity ventures, and high-growth start-ups. He brings a proven track record of scaling global partnerships and manufacturing.
As a consultant to Smartkem. Jonathan has already provided significant benefits to our company with his industry knowledge and expertise
in commercializing advanced materials manufacturing. I am excited to be working closely with Jonathan in his expanded role at Smartkem.

Jonathan added, " I am thrilled
to be joining Smartkem as COO at this pivotal time in its evolution and expect to leverage my technical roots in manufacturing, engineering,
and breakthrough materials technology to help lead the company to the commercialization of its products. I look forward to helping to
drive Smartkems commercialization initiatives and operations.

Jonathan Watkins has over
30 years experience commercialising and scaling novel material technologies and working across large multinational companies.
He has played pivotal roles in managing complex technical product portfolios and developing global supply chains.

From July 2024 until his appointment
as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, Jonathan served as a consultant to the Company. Since September 2024, Jonathan has served
as the Executive Chairman of HFQ Technology Associates, a materials technology company. He also has served as the founder and chairman
of DITEVEN Limited, a technology consulting services company since November 2015. From August 2016 through June 2024, Jonathan served
as the chief executive officer of Impression Technologies Limited (ITL), where he led the development, licensing and scaling
of a novel aluminum light-weighting technology for automotive, aerospace and consumer electronics markets, as well as securing manufacturing
partners in Europe, China and North America. ITL entered voluntary liquidation in June 2024. Prior thereto, he served as an advisor to
government agencies on cleantech business models, including commercializing novel technologies. From 2008 to 2015, Jonathan held roles
as chief operating officer and commercial director of Ceres Power plc, a leading developer of fuel cell technology having responsibilities
for manufacturing, supply chain management and business development.

Jonathan has a Postgraduate Certificate
in Design Manufacture, and Management from University of Cambridge and a BEng degree in Materials Science & Technology from University
of Birmingham. He is also a Chartered Engineer and holds a Certified Diploma in Accounting and Finance.

Smartkem Ltd

Manchester
Technology Center, Hexagon Tower,

Delaunays Road,
Blackley, Manchester, M9 8GQ UK

+44 (0) 161 721 1514

enquiries@smartkem.com

PRESS RELEASE

About Smartkem 

Smartkem is seeking to change the world
of electronics with a new class of transistor using its proprietary advanced semiconductor materials that have the potential to revolutionize
the display industry. Smartkem's TRUFLEX semiconductor technology enables low temperature printing processes that are compatible
with existing manufacturing infrastructure with the potential to deliver low-cost, high performance displays in a range of display technologies
including microLED, miniLED and AMOLED, as well as applications in sensors and logic.

Smartkem develops its materials at its
research and development facility in Manchester, UK and provides prototyping services at the Centre for Process Innovation (CPI) at Sedgefield,
UK. It has a field application office in Taiwan. The company has an extensive IP portfolio including 138 granted patents across 17 patent
families, 17 pending patents and 40 codified trade secrets. For more information, visit our website or follow us on LinkedIn.

Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements in this press release
that are not historical are forward-looking statements, including, among other things, its market position and market opportunity, expectations
and plans as to its product development, manufacturing and sales, and relations with its partners and investors. These statements are
not historical facts but rather are based on Smartkem, Inc.'s current expectations, estimates, and projections regarding its business,
operations and other similar or related factors. Words such as "may," "will," "could," "would,"
"should," "anticipate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "expect," "intend,"
"plan," "project," "believe," "estimate," and other similar or elated expressions are used to
identify these forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. You should not place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult
or impossible to predict and, in some cases, beyond the Company's control. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors, including those described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update information in this release to reflect events or circumstances in the future,
even if new information becomes available.

Contacts:

Selena Kirkwood

Head of Communications for Smartkem

T: +44 (0) 7971 460 364

s.kirkwood@smartkem.com

U.S. Investors

David Barnard, CFA

Alliance Advisors Investor Relations

T: 1 415 433 3777

dbarnard@allianceadvisors.com

Smartkem
Ltd

Manchester
Technology Center, Hexagon Tower,

Delaunays
Road, Blackley, Manchester, M9 8GQ UK

+44 (0) 161 721 1514

enquiries@smartkem.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tmb-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm258541d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42115

Entity Registrant Name SmartKem, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001817760

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1083654

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Manchester Technology Center, Hexagon Tower

Entity Address, Address Line Two Delaunays Road

Entity Address, Address Line Three Blackley

Entity Address, City or Town Manchester

Entity Address, Country GB

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code M9 8GQ

City Area Code 011-44-161

Local Phone Number 721-1514

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol SMTK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://smartkem.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm258541d1_8k.htm 
tmb-20250310.xsd 
tmb-20250310_lab.xml 
tmb-20250310_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-021967-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258541d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001817760 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001817760 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
SmartKem, Inc. 
DE 
001-42115 
85-1083654 
Manchester Technology Center, Hexagon Tower 
Delaunays Road 
Blackley 
Manchester 
M9 8GQ 
GB 
011-44-161 
721-1514 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
SMTK 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>