<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-068752.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-068752.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331161031
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-068752
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunoco LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001552275
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				300740483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35653
		FILM NUMBER:		25793295

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8111 WESTCHESTER DR., SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75225
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(832) 234-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8111 WESTCHESTER DR., SUITE 400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Susser Petroleum Partners LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120614
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d860324d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000155227500015522752025-03-312025-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 31, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

SUNOCO LP

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35653 30-0740483

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8111 Westchester Drive, Suite 400

Dallas, TX75225

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(214)981-0700

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests SUN New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 31, 2025, Sunoco LP (NYSE: SUN) (the Partnership) completed a private offering to eligible purchasers (the Notes Offering) of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of its 6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes), along with the related guarantees of the Notes. The Partnership received net proceeds of approximately $989.5 million from the Notes Offering, after deducting the initial purchasers discount and commissions and estimated offering expenses, and the Partnership intends to use such net proceeds to repay indebtedness, including by redeeming in full NuStar Logistics, L.P.s 5.750% senior notes due 2025 and repaying a portion of the outstanding borrowings under the Partnerships revolving credit facility. 

The Notes were issued in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and were resold by the initial purchasers in reliance on Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

Indenture and Senior Notes 

The Notes were issued under and are governed by an indenture dated March 31, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Partnership, certain subsidiary guarantors of the Partnership (the Guarantors) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The Notes will mature on July 1, 2033. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on July 1, 2025. 

The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Partnership and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by all of the Partnerships current subsidiaries that guarantee its obligations under the Partnerships revolving credit facility, as well as by certain of its future subsidiaries. The Notes and related guarantees are unsecured and rank equally with all of the Partnerships and each Guarantors existing and future senior obligations. The Notes and related guarantees are senior in right of payment to all of the Partnerships and each Guarantors future indebtedness and other obligations that are, by their terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and guarantees. The Notes and related guarantees are effectively subordinated to the Partnerships and each Guarantors future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally subordinated to all obligations, including trade payables, of the Partnerships subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes. 

The Partnership may, at its option, redeem some or all of the Notes at any time on or after July 1, 2028, at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture. Prior to such time, the Partnership may redeem some or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus a customary make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, before July 1, 2028, the Partnership may redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes with an amount of cash not greater than net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption prices specified in the Indenture. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Indenture), which occurrence (other than one involving the adoption of a plan relating to liquidation or dissolution) is followed by a ratings decline within 90 days after the consummation of the transaction, each holder of the Notes may require the Partnership to repurchase all or a portion of the holders Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of repurchase. 

The Indenture contains customary events of default (each an Event of Default) with respect to the Notes, including the following: 

(1) default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the Notes; 

(2) default in the payment when due (at stated maturity, upon optional or mandatory redemption or otherwise) of the principal of, or premium, if any, on the Notes; 

(3) failure by the Partnership or any Guarantor to comply with their obligations to make or consummate a Change of Control offer or to comply with any of their agreements or covenants relating to merger, consolidation or sale of assets; provided that such failure (other than one involving failure to make or consummate a Change of Control offer) will not constitute an Event of Default for 30 days if such failure is capable of cure; 

2 

(4) failure by the Partnership for 180 days after notice by the Trustee or holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to comply with its obligations to furnish the holders of the Notes and the Trustee certain reports; 

(5) failure by the Partnership or any Guarantor for 60 days after written notice by the Trustee or holders of 30% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to comply with any of its other agreements in the Indenture; 

(6) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for money borrowed of the Partnership or any Guarantor (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Partnership or any Guarantor) whether the indebtedness or guarantee now exists, or is created after the date of the Indenture, if that default (a) is caused by a failure to pay principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on the indebtedness prior to the expiration of the grace period provided in such indebtedness on the date of the default (a Payment Default) or (b) results in the acceleration of such indebtedness prior to its express maturity, and, in each case, the principal amount of any of the indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other indebtedness under which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates $100.0 million or more; provided, however, that if, (i) any such Payment Default is cured or waived, (ii) any such acceleration is rescinded or (iii) such indebtedness is repaid during the ten business day period commencing upon the end of any applicable grace period for such Payment Default or the occurrence of such acceleration, as applicable, any default or Event of Default (but not any acceleration of the Notes) caused by such Payment Default or acceleration shall automatically be rescinded, so long as such rescission does not conflict with any judgment, decree or applicable law; 

(7) except as permitted under the Indenture, any guarantee is held in any judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect, or any Guarantor, or any person acting on behalf of any Guarantor, denies or disaffirms its obligations under its guarantee; and 

(8) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency described in the Indenture with respect to the Partnership or any of the Partnerships significant subsidiaries or any group of the Partnerships subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a significant subsidiary. 

If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be due and payable immediately. If an Event of Default relating to certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Partnership or any of the Partnerships significant subsidiaries or any group of the Partnerships subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a significant subsidiary, occurs and is continuing, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice on the part of the Trustee or any holders of the Notes. Under certain circumstances, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may rescind any such acceleration with respect to the Notes and its consequences. 

The above description of the Indenture, the Notes and the guarantees is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 relating to the Indenture under the heading Indenture and Senior Notes is hereby incorporated into this Item 2.03 by reference. 

3 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and among Sunoco LP, the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

4 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SUNOCO LP

By: SUNOCO GP LLC,

its General Partner

Date: March 31, 2025 By: 

/s/ Rick Raymer

Name: Rick Raymer

Title: Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d860324dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

SUNOCO LP 

and 

EACH OF THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO 

6.250% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2033 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of March 31, 2025 

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as 

Trustee 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 

Definitions 1 

Section 1.02 

Other Definitions 12 

Section 1.03 

Rules of Construction 12 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01 

Form and Dating 13 

Section 2.02 

Execution and Authentication 13 

Section 2.03 

Registrar and Paying Agent 14 

Section 2.04 

Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 14 

Section 2.05 

Holder Lists 14 

Section 2.06 

Transfer and Exchange 15 

Section 2.07 

Replacement Notes 25 

Section 2.08 

Outstanding Notes 26 

Section 2.09 

Treasury Notes 26 

Section 2.10 

Temporary Notes 26 

Section 2.11 

Cancellation 26 

Section 2.12 

Defaulted Interest 27 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION 

Section 3.01 

Notices to Trustee 27 

Section 3.02 

Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 27 

Section 3.03 

Notice of Redemption 28 

Section 3.04 

Effect of Notice of Redemption 29 

Section 3.05 

Deposit of Redemption Price 29 

Section 3.06 

Notes Redeemed in Part 29 

Section 3.07 

Optional Redemption 29 

ARTICLE 4 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01 

Payment of Notes 31 

Section 4.02 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 31 

Section 4.03 

Reports 31 

Section 4.04 

Compliance Certificate 32 

Section 4.05 

Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 33 

Section 4.06 

Additional Guarantees 33 

Section 4.07 

Limitation on Liens 33 

i 

Section 4.08 

Restrictions on Sale-Leasebacks 35 

Section 4.09 

Change of Control 36 

ARTICLE 5 

SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01 

Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets 38 

Section 5.02 

Successor Person Substituted 39 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01 

Events of Default 40 

Section 6.02 

Acceleration 41 

Section 6.03 

Other Remedies 42 

Section 6.04 

Waiver of Past Defaults 42 

Section 6.05 

Control by Majority 42 

Section 6.06 

Limitation on Suits 42 

Section 6.07 

[Reserved] 43 

Section 6.08 

Collection Suit by Trustee 43 

Section 6.09 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 43 

Section 6.10 

Priorities 44 

Section 6.11 

Undertaking for Costs 44 

ARTICLE 7 

TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01 

Duties of Trustee 44 

Section 7.02 

Rights of Trustee 45 

Section 7.03 

Individual Rights of Trustee 46 

Section 7.04 

Trustees Disclaimer 47 

Section 7.05 

Notice of Defaults 47 

Section 7.06 

[Reserved] 47 

Section 7.07 

Compensation and Indemnity 47 

Section 7.08 

Replacement of Trustee 48 

Section 7.09 

Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. 49 

Section 7.10 

Eligibility; Disqualification 49 

Section 7.11 

Force Majeure 49 

Section 7.12 

U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 49 

ARTICLE 8 

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01 

Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 50 

Section 8.02 

Legal Defeasance and Discharge 50 

Section 8.03 

Covenant Defeasance 51 

Section 8.04 

Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance 51 

ii 

Section 8.05 

Deposited Money and Government Securities to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous
Provisions 52 

Section 8.06 

Repayment to the Issuer 53 

Section 8.07 

Reinstatement 53 

ARTICLE 9 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01 

Without Consent of Holders of Notes 53 

Section 9.02 

With Consent of Holders of Notes 54 

Section 9.03 

[Reserved] 56 

Section 9.04 

Revocation and Effect of Consents 56 

Section 9.05 

Notation on or Exchange of Notes 56 

Section 9.06 

Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. 56 

ARTICLE 10 

NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01 

Guarantee 56 

Section 10.02 

Limitation on Guarantor Liability 58 

Section 10.03 

Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantee 58 

Section 10.04 

Releases 58 

ARTICLE 11 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 11.01 

Satisfaction and Discharge 59 

Section 11.02 

Application of Trust Money 60 

ARTICLE 12 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01 

Trust Indenture Act Not Applicable 61 

Section 12.02 

Notices 61 

Section 12.03 

[Reserved] 62 

Section 12.04 

Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 62 

Section 12.05 

Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 62 

Section 12.06 

Rules by Trustee and Agents 63 

Section 12.07 

No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Equity Holders 63 

Section 12.08 

Governing Law 63 

Section 12.09 

No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 63 

Section 12.10 

Successors 63 

Section 12.11 

Severability 63 

Section 12.12 

Counterpart Originals 64 

Section 12.13 

Evidence of Action by Holders 64 

Section 12.14 

Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 64 

iii 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A FORM OF NOTE

Exhibit B FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

Exhibit C FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

Exhibit D FORM OF NOTATION OF GUARANTEE

Exhibit E FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

iv 

This INDENTURE, dated as of March 31, 2025, is among SUNOCO LP, a Delaware limited
partnership (the Issuer),the Guarantors (as defined herein) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee).

The Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders
(as defined herein) of the Issuers 6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes and each individually, a Note):

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS AND
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01 Definitions. 

144A Global Notemeans a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note
Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on
Rule 144A. 

Additional Notesmeans additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes) issued under this Indenture
in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, as part of the same series as the Initial Notes. 

Affiliateof any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or
under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, control,as used with respect to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise; provided that beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Voting Stock of a Person will be deemed to be
control. For purposes of this definition, the terms controlling,controlled byand under common control withhave correlative meanings. 

Agentmeans any Registrar or Paying Agent. 

Applicable Premiummeans with respect to any Note at the time of computation, an amount equal to the excess, if any,
of (a) the present value at such time of (i) the redemption price of the Note at July 1, 2028 (such redemption prices being set forth in Section 3.07(b)) plus (ii) all required interest payments due on
the Note through July 1, 2028 (in each case excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the applicable Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of the
Note. 

Applicable Proceduresmeans, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in
any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme, that apply to such transfer or exchange. 

1 

Attributable Indebtedness, when used with respect to any Sale-Leaseback
Transaction, means, asat the time of determination, the present value, discounted at the rate set forth or implicit in the terms of the lease included in the transaction, of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments, other than
amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, assessments, utilities, operating and labor costs and other items that constitute payments for property rights, during the remaining term of the lease
included in the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, including any period for which the lease has been extended. In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty or other termination payment, the amount shall be the
lesser of the amount determined assuming termination upon the first date the lease may be terminated, in which case the amount shall also include the amount of the penalty or termination payment, but no rent shall be considered as required to be
paid under the lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated, or the amount determined assuming no termination. 

Bankruptcy Lawmeans Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

Beneficial Ownerhas the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and
Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that, in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular person(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act),
such personwill be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such personhas the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently
exercisable or is exercisable only after the passage of time. The terms Beneficially Ownsand Beneficially Ownedhave a corresponding meaning. For purposes of this definition, a
person shall be deemed not to Beneficially Own securities that are the subject of a stock purchase agreement, merger agreement, amalgamation agreement, arrangement agreement or similar agreement until consummation of the
transactions or, as applicable, series of related transactions contemplated thereby. 

Board of Directors means: 

(1) with respect to a corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act
on behalf of such board; 

(2) with respect to a partnership, the board of directors or board of managers of the general
partner of the partnership or, if such general partner is itself a limited partnership, then the board of directors or board of managers of its general partner; 

(3) with respect to a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee of managing
members thereof; and 

(4) with respect to any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar
function. 

Business Daymeans any day other than a Legal Holiday. 

Capital Stockmeans: 

(1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; 

2 

(2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; 

(3) in the case of a
partnership or limited liability company, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or membership interests; and 

(4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or
distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, 

but excluding from all of the foregoing any debt securities convertible into Capital Stock, whether or
not such debt securities include any right of participation with Capital Stock. 

Change of Controlmeans the
occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition
(other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person(as that
term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than a Qualified Owner, which occurrence is followed by a Ratings Decline within 60 days; 

(2) the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the removal of the General Partner by
the limited partners of the Issuer; or 

(3) the consummation of any transaction (including any merger or consolidation),
the result of which is that any person(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than a Qualified Owner, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting
Stock of the General Partner or of the Issuer, measured by voting power rather than number of shares, which occurrence is followed by a Ratings Decline within 60 days. 

Notwithstanding the preceding, a conversion of the Issuer from a limited partnership to a corporation, limited liability company or other form
of entity or an exchange of all of the outstanding limited partnership interests for capital stock in a corporation, for member interests in a limited liability company or for Equity Interests in such other form of entity shall not constitute a
Change of Control, so long as immediately following such conversion or exchange either (i) the persons(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) who immediately prior to such transactions
Beneficially Owned the Capital Stock of the Issuer immediately after the transactions continue to Beneficially Own in the aggregate more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such entity, or continue to Beneficially Own sufficient Equity Interests in such
entity to elect a majority of its directors, managers, trustees or other persons serving in a similar capacity for such entity, and, in either case no person(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange
Act), excluding any Qualified Owner, Beneficially Owns more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such entity or (ii) one or more Qualified Owners in the aggregate own more than 50% of the Voting Stock of such entity. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, any Qualified Retail Asset Sale shall not constitute a Change of
Control. 

3 

Company Ordermeans a written order delivered to the Trustee by
the Issuer and executed on its behalf by an Officer of the General Partner. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assetsmeans, with respect to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate amount of total assets included in such Persons most recent quarterly or annual consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP less applicable
reserves reflected in such balance sheet, after (i) adding the aggregate incremental amount of total assets that would have resulted from an acquisition of assets from an Affiliate that is accounted for as a pooling had it been accounted for
using purchase accounting and (ii) deducting the following amounts: (a) all current liabilities reflected in such balance sheet, excluding (A) any current liabilities that by their terms are extendable or renewable at the option of
the obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount thereof is being computed, and (B) current maturities of long-term Debt, and (b) all goodwill, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt discounts and
expenses and other like intangibles reflected in such balance sheet. 

Corporate Trust Office of the Trusteewill
be at the address of the Trustee specified in Section 12.02 hereof or such other address as to which the Trustee may give notice to the Issuer. 

Credit Agreementmeans that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2024, by
and among the Issuer, the Guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders and collateral agent, including any related notes, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and
agreements executed in connection therewith, and, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder).

Credit Facilitiesmeans, one or more debt facilities or commercial paper facilities, in each case, with banks
or other institutional lenders providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, accounts receivable financing (including through the sale of accounts receivable to such lenders or to special purpose entities formed to borrow from such lenders
against such accounts receivable) or letters of credit, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced (including by means of sales of debt securities to institutional investors) in whole or in part from time
to time (including increasing the amount of available borrowings thereunder). 

Custodianmeans the Trustee, as
custodian with respect to the Notes in global form, or any successor entity thereto. 

Debt means any obligation created
or assumed by any Person for the repayment of money borrowed, and any purchase money obligation created or assumed by such Person and any guarantee of the foregoing. 

Defaultmeans any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of
Default. 

Definitive Notemeans a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in
accordance with Section 2.06 hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the
Global Noteattached thereto. 

4 

Depositarymeans, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in
whole or in part in global form, the Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as Depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant
to the applicable provision of this Indenture. 

Equity Interestsmeans Capital Stock and all warrants, options
or other rights to acquire Capital Stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock). 

Equity Offeringmeans any public or private sale of Equity Interests (other than to a Subsidiary) made for cash on a
primary basis by the Issuer after the date of this Indenture. 

Exchange Actmeans the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

GAAPmeans generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from
time to time. 

General Partnermeans Sunoco GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and
permitted assigns as general partner of the Issuer or as the business entity with the ultimate authority to manage the business and operations of the Issuer. 

Global Note Legendmeans the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(2) hereof, which is
required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Indenture. 

Global Notesmeans, individually and
collectively, each of the Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto and that bears the
Global Note Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Noteattached thereto, issued in accordance with Sections 2.01, 2.06(b)(3) or 2.06(b)(4) hereof. 

Government Securitiesmeans direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America for
the payment of which guarantee or obligations the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged. 

Guarantors means each of: 

(1) the Subsidiaries of the Issuer executing this Indenture as initial Guarantors; and 

(2) any other Subsidiary of the Issuer that becomes a Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, and their
respective successors and assigns, in each case, until the Note Guarantee of such Person has been released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Holdermeans a Person in whose name a Note is registered. 

Indenturemeans this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

5 

Initial Notesmeans the $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the Notes issued under this Indenture on the date hereof. 

Initial Purchasersmeans Wells Fargo Securities,
LLC, Santander US Capital Markets LLC and the other initial purchasers of the Initial Notes identified under the caption Plan of Distribution in the Offering Memorandum. 

Investment Grade Ratingmeans a rating of the Notes equal to or higher than Baa3 by Moodys or BBB- by S&P (or, if either such entity ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside of the control of the Issuer, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other nationally recognized
statistical rating organizationregistered under Section 15E of the Exchange Act selected by the Issuer as a replacement agency). 

Legal Holidaymeans a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in Dallas, Texas or the City of New
York or at a place of payment are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed. If a payment date is a Legal Holiday at a place of payment, payment may be made at that place on the next succeeding day that is not a Legal
Holiday, and no interest shall accrue on such payment for the intervening period. 

Lienmeans, with respect to
any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, other than a precautionary financing statement
respecting a lease not intended as a security agreement. In no event shall a right of first refusal be deemed to constitute a Lien. 

Moodysmeans Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor to the rating agency business thereof.

Non-US. Personmeans a Person who is not a U.S. Person. 

Note Guaranteemeans the guarantee by each Guarantor of the Issuers obligations under this Indenture and the
Notes, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture. 

Noteshas the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to
this Indenture. The Initial Notes and Additional Notes shall be treated as a single series for all purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, and, unless the context otherwise requires, all
references to the Notes shall include any Additional Notes. 

Obligationsmeans any principal, interest,
penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities payable under the documentation governing any Debt. 

Offering Memorandummeans the final Offering Memorandum of the Issuer, dated March 20, 2025 with respect to the
Notes. 

Officermeans, with respect to any Person, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the
President, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary or any Vice President of such Person (or, if such Person is a limited partnership,
the general partner of such Person, and in the case of the Issuer, the General Partner). 

6 

Officers Certificatemeans, with respect to any Person, a
certificate signed on behalf of such Person by any two of its Officers, one of whom must be the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer or the principal accounting officer of such Person, that meets the requirements of
Section 12.05 hereof. 

Opinion of Counselmeans an opinion from legal counsel who is
reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 12.05 hereof. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer, the General Partner, any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the General Partner
or the Trustee. 

Pari Passu Debt means any Debt of the Issuer or a Subsidiary, whether outstanding on the date any
Notes are issued under this Indenture or thereafter created, incurred or assumed, unless in the case of any particular Debt, the instrument creating or evidencing the same or pursuant to which the same is outstanding expressly provides that such
Debt shall be subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and the Note Guarantees. 

Permitted Liens means: 

(1) Liens upon rights-of-way for pipeline
purposes created by a Person other than the Issuer; 

(2) any statutory or governmental Lien or Lien arising by operation
of law, or any mechanics, repairmens, materialmens, suppliers, carriers, landlords, warehousemens or similar Lien incurred in the ordinary course of business which is not yet due or which is being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and any undetermined Lien which is incidental to construction, development, improvement or repair; 

(3) the right reserved to, or vested in, any municipality or public authority by the terms of any right, power, franchise,
grant, license, permit or by any provision of law, to purchase or recapture or to designate a purchaser of, any property; 

(4) any Lien of taxes and assessments which are (A) for the then current year, (B) not at the time delinquent, or
(C) delinquent but the validity of which is being contested in good faith at the time by the Issuer or any Subsidiary; 

(5) any Lien of, or to secure the performance of, leases, other than capital leases; 

(6) any Lien upon, or deposits of, any assets in favor of any surety company or clerk of court for the purpose of obtaining
indemnity or stay of judicial proceedings; 

(7) any Lien upon property or assets acquired or sold by the Issuer or any
Subsidiary resulting from the exercise of any rights arising out of defaults on receivables; 

7 

(8) any Lien incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance, temporary disability, social security, retiree health or similar laws or regulations or to secure obligations imposed by statute or governmental regulations; 

(9) any Lien in favor of the Issuer or any Subsidiary; 

(10) any Lien in favor of the United States of America or any state thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality or
political subdivision of the United States of America or any state thereof, to secure partial, progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute, or any Debt incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary for the purpose of financing
all or any part of the purchase price of, or the cost of constructing, developing, repairing or improving, the property or assets subject to such Lien; 

(11) any Lien securing industrial development, pollution control or similar revenue bonds; 

(12) any Lien securing Debt of the Issuer or any Subsidiary, all or a portion of the net proceeds of which are used,
substantially concurrent with the funding thereof (and for purposes of determining such substantial concurrence, taking into consideration, among other things, required notices to be given to Holders of outstanding Notes under this
Indenture in connection with such refunding, refinancing or repurchase, and the required corresponding durations thereof), to refinance, refund or repurchase all outstanding Notes under this Indenture including the amount of all accrued interest
thereon and reasonable fees and expenses and premium, if any, incurred by the Issuer or any Subsidiary in connection therewith; 

(13) any Lien in favor of any Person to secure obligations under the provisions of any letters of credit, bank guarantees,
bonds or surety obligations required or requested by any governmental authority in connection with any contract or statute; or 

(14) any Lien upon or deposits of any assets to secure performance of bids, trade contracts or statutory obligations. 

Permitted Swap Agreements means (a) Swap Agreements entered into for the purpose of fixing, hedging or swapping
interest rate, commodity price or foreign currency exchange rate risk (or to reverse or amend any such agreements previously made for such purposes), and not for speculative purposes, and (b) other Swap Agreements entered into in the ordinary
course of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities, and not for speculative purposes. 

Personmeans any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust,
unincorporated organization, limited liability company or government or other entity. 

Private Placement Legendmeans the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(1)(A) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture. 

8 

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule
144A. 

Qualified Ownermeans any of (i) LE GP, LLC and Energy Transfer LP, (ii) any Person who
Beneficially Owns more than 50% of the Voting Stock of any entity specified in clause (i) above or who Beneficially Owns sufficient Equity Interests in such entity to elect a majority of its directors, managers, trustees or other Persons
serving in a similar capacity for such entity and (iii) any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any entity specified in either clause (i) or clause (ii) above. 

Qualified Retail Asset Salemeans the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of any Qualified Retail Assets
(whether directly or indirectly, whether by sale or lease of any such Qualified Retail Assets, or of any Equity Interests or other interests in any Person holding such Qualified Retail Assets, or any consolidation or merger, or any combination
thereof, and whether in one or more transactions, or otherwise). 

Qualified Retail Assetsmeans any assets used
by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries in (i) the retail sale of motor fuel, (ii) the operation of convenience stores or (iii) activities or services reasonably related, ancillary or complementary to clause (i) or clause
(ii), that are acquired by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Issuers or such Subsidiarys acquisition of any assets used in the distribution of motor fuels (whether directly or indirectly, whether by sale or
lease of such assets, or of any Equity Interests or other interests in any Person holding such assets, or any consolidation or merger, or any combination thereof, and whether in one or more transactions, or otherwise). 

Ratings Categories means: 

(1) with respect to S&P, any of the following categories: AAA, AA, A, BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent
successor categories); and 

(2) with respect to Moodys, any of the following categories: Aaa, Aa, A, Baa, Ba, B,
Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor categories). 

Ratings Declinemeans a decrease in the rating of the
Notes by both Moodys and S&P by one or more gradations (including gradations within Rating Categories as well as between Rating Categories). In determining whether the rating of the Notes has decreased by one or more gradations, gradations
within Ratings Categories, namely + orfor S&P, and 1, 2, and 3 for Moodys, will be taken into account; for example, in the case of S&P, a ratings decline either from BB+ to BB or BB to BB-
will constitute a decrease of one gradation. 

Redemption Date means, with respect to any redemption of Notes pursuant
to this Indenture, the date on which the redemption occurs. 

Regulation Smeans Regulation S promulgated under
the Securities Act. 

Regulation S Global Notemeans a Global Note substantially in the form of Exhibit A
hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes
sold in reliance on Rule 903 of Regulation S. 

9 

Responsible Officer,when used with respect to the Trustee, means
any officer within the Corporate Trust Administration of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee) or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and
also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

Restricted Definitive Notemeans a Definitive Note bearing the Private Placement Legend. 

Restricted Global Notemeans a Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend. 

Rule 144means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144Ameans Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 903means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 904means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

S&Pmeans S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc., or any successor to the rating agency
business thereof. 

SECmeans the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Actmeans the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Securitization Transaction means any transaction in which the Issuer or any Subsidiary sells or otherwise transfers
accounts receivable or other rights to payment (whether existing or arising in the future) and assets related thereto (a) to one or more purchasers or (b) to a special purpose entity that (i) borrows under a loan secured by or issues
securities payable from such accounts receivable or other rights to payment (or undivided interests therein) and related assets or (ii) sells or otherwise transfers such accounts receivable or other rights to payment (or undivided interests
therein) and related assets to one or more purchasers, whether or not amounts received in connection with the sale or other transfer of such accounts receivable or other rights to payment and related assets to an entity referred to in clause
(a) or clause (b) above would under GAAP be accounted for as liabilities on a consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer. 

Significant Subsidiarymeans any Subsidiary of the Issuer that would be a significant
subsidiaryas defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on the date
of this Indenture. 

Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative
transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or Debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or
pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions. 

10 

Subsidiarymeans, with respect to any specified Person: 

(1) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a partnership or limited liability company) of which
more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person (or a combination thereof); and 

(2) any partnership (whether general or limited) or limited liability company (a) the sole general partner or member of
which is such Person or a Subsidiary of such Person, or (b) if there is more than a single general partner or member, either (x) the only managing general partners or managing members of which are such Person or one or more Subsidiaries of
such Person (or any combination thereof) or (y) such Person owns or controls, directly or indirectly, a majority of the outstanding general partner interests, member interests or other Voting Stock of such partnership or limited liability
company, respectively. 

TIAmeans the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. 
77aaa-77bbbb). 

Treasury Ratemeans, with respect to any Redemption Date, the yield to maturity at the time of
computation of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to the Redemption
Date (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to July 1, 2028; provided, however, that if such period
is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a yield is given, the Issuer shall obtain the Treasury Rate by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one twelfth of a year) from the yields of United
States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, and except that if such period is less than one year, the yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used. The Issuer
will (a) calculate the Treasury Rate on the second Business Day preceding the applicable Redemption Date and (b) prior to such Redemption Date, file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the Applicable Premium and
the Treasury Rate. 

Trusteemeans U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, until a successor replaces it
in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder. 

Unrestricted Definitive Notemeans a Definitive Note that does not bear and is not required to bear the Private
Placement Legend. 

Unrestricted Global Notemeans a Global Note that does not bear and is not required to bear
the Private Placement Legend. 

U.S. Personmeans a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) promulgated under the
Securities Act. 

11 

Voting Stockof any specified Person as of any date means the
Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Board of Directors of such Person. 

Section 1.02 Other Definitions. 

Term Defined in Section 

Alternate Offer 4.09 (c) 

Authentication Order 2.02 

Change of Control Offer 4.09 (a) 

Change of Control Payment 4.09 (a) 

Change of Control Payment Date 4.09 (a) 

Covenant Defeasance 8.03 

DTC 2.03 

Event of Default 6.01 

Legal Defeasance 8.02 

Patriot Act 7.12 

Paying Agent 2.03 

Payment Default 6.01 (6)(A) 

Registrar 2.03 

Resale Restriction Period 2.06 (g)(1)(A) 

Sale-Leaseback Transaction 4.08 

Section 1.03 Rules of Construction. 

Unless the context otherwise requires: 

(1) a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(2) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP; 

(3) oris not exclusive; 

(4) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; 

(5) willshall be interpreted to express a command; 

(6) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and 

(7) references to sections of or rules under the Securities Act or Exchange Act will be deemed to include substitute,
replacement of successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time. 

12 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01 Form and
Dating. 

(a) General. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form of Exhibit
A hereto. The Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage. Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes shall be in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples
of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes will constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of
this Indenture and the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of any Note conflicts with
the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

(b) Global Notes. Notes
issued in global form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (including the Global Note Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Noteattached thereto). Notes issued in
definitive form will be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (but without the Global Note Legend thereon and without the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Noteattached thereto). Each Global
Note will represent such of the outstanding Notes as will be specified therein, and each shall provide that it represents the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount
of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate, to reflect exchanges, repurchases and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby will be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by
Section 2.06 hereof. 

Section 2.02 Execution and Authentication. 

At least one Officer must sign the Notes for the Issuer by manual or facsimile signature. 

If an Officer whose signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time a Note is authenticated, the Note will nevertheless be
valid. 

A Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. The signature will be conclusive evidence
that the Note has been authenticated under this Indenture. 

The Trustee will, upon receipt of a written order of the Issuer signed by two
Officers of the Issuer (an Authentication Order),authenticate Notes for original issue that may be validly issued under this Indenture, including $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Initial Notes to be issued on
the date of this Indenture and any Additional Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time may not exceed the aggregate principal amount of Notes authorized for issuance by the Issuer pursuant to one or more Authentication
Orders, except as provided in Section 2.07 hereof. 

13 

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Issuer to authenticate
Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to
deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Issuer. 

Section 2.03 Registrar and Paying Agent. 

The Issuer will maintain an office or agency where Notes may be presented for registration of transfer or for exchange
(Registrar)and an office or agency where Notes may be presented for payment (Paying Agent).The Registrar will keep a register of Notes and of their transfer and exchange. The Issuer may appoint
one or more co-registrars and one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrarincludes any co-registrar and the term Paying
Agentincludes any additional paying agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Issuer will notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this
Indenture. If the Issuer fails to appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar or Paying Agent, the Trustee shall act as such. The Issuer or any of the Issuers Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent or Registrar. 

The Issuer initially appoints The Depository Trust Company (DTC)to act as Depositary with respect to the Global
Notes. 

The Issuer initially appoints the Trustee to act as the Registrar and Paying Agent and to act as Custodian with respect to the
Global Notes. 

Section 2.04 Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. 

The Issuer will require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust for the benefit
of Holders or the Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, and will notify the Trustee of any default by the Issuer in making any such payment. While any such default
continues, the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Issuer at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other
than the Issuer or a Subsidiary) will have no further liability for the money. If the Issuer or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all money held by it as Paying
Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Issuer, the Trustee will serve as Paying Agent for the Notes. 

Section 2.05
Holder Lists. 

The Trustee will preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of
the names and addresses of all Holders of Notes. If the Trustee is not the Registrar for the Notes, the Issuer will furnish to the Trustee at least seven Business Days before each interest payment date and at such other times as the Trustee may
request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes. 

14 

Section 2.06 Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary to a nominee of the
Depositary, by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by
the Issuer for Definitive Notes if: 

(1) the Depositary notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to
act as Depositary or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days; or 

(2) there has occurred and is continuing an Event of Default and the Depositary notifies the Trustee of its decision to
exchange the Global Notes for Definitive Notes. 

Upon the occurrence of either of the preceding events, Definitive Notes shall be issued
in such names as the Depositary shall instruct the Trustee. Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof. Every Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or
in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Section 2.07 or Section 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form
of, and shall be, a Global Note. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a); however, beneficial interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as
provided in Section 2.06(b) or (c) hereof. 

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in
the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will be effected through the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Beneficial interests in the
Restricted Global Notes will be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also will require compliance with either
subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable: 

(1) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Restricted Global Note may be
transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Private Placement Legend. Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted
Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers
described in this Section 2.06(b)(1). 

(2) All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial
Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(1) above, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the
Registrar either: 

(A) both: 

15 

(i) a written order from a participant or an indirect participant in the
Depositary given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred
or exchanged; and 

(ii) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding
the participant account to be credited with such increase; or 

(B) both: 

(i) a written order from a participant or an indirect participant in the Depositary given to the Depositary in accordance
with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and 

(ii) instructions given by the Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such
Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in clause (i) above. 

Upon satisfaction of
all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee shall adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global
Note(s) pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof. 

(3) Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another
Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note if the transfer complies with the
requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the
transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; and 

(B) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note, then the
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof. 

(4) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted
Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(2) above and: 

16 

(A) [reserved]; 

(B) [reserved]; 

(C) [reserved]; or 

(D) the Registrar receives the following: 

(i) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(a) thereof; or 

(ii) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an
Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no
longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

If any such exchange or transfer is effected pursuant to this
Section 2.06(b)(4) at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Issuer shall issue and, upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate, one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an
aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests exchanged or transferred pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(4). 

(5) Exchange or Transfer Prohibited. Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or
transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note. 

(c) Transfer or
Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes. 

(1) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to
Restricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery
thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation: 

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a
Restricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof; 

17 

(B) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance
with Rule 144A, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person in an
offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(D) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; 

(E) [reserved]; 

(F) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set
forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or 

(G) if such beneficial interest
is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(c) thereof, 

the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to
Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note
issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such
beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through instructions from the Depositary. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(1) shall bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained therein. 

(2) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest
in a Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only if: 

(A) [reserved]; 

(B) [reserved]; 

18 

(C) [reserved]; or 

(D) the Registrar receives the following: 

(i) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for
an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; or 

(ii) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a
Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Registrar so requests or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an
Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no
longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

(3) Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted
Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who
takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(b)(2) hereof, the Trustee will cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note
to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, and the Issuer will execute and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the appropriate
principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(3) will be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the
holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through the Depositary and the participant or indirect participant. The Trustee will deliver such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are
so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(3) will not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(d) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests. Definitive Notes may not be exchanged for beneficial interests
in a Global Note. 

19 

(e) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon request by a
Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar will register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of transfer or
exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney,
duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder must provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e).

(1) Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred
to and registered in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(B) if the transfer will be made pursuant
to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; and 

(C) if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act,
then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications, certificates and Opinion of Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if applicable. 

(2) Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by
the Holder thereof for an Unrestricted Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if: 

(A) [reserved]; 

(B) [reserved]; 

(C) [reserved]; or 

(D) the Registrar receives the following: 

(i) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a
certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or 

20 

(ii) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer
such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; and, in each such
case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Registrar so requests, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Registrar to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the
restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

(3) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may
transfer such Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the
instructions from the Holder thereof. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) Legends. The following legends will appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless
specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture. 

(1) Private Placement Legend. 

(A) Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued
in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED
OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OR (B) IT IS A NON-U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS SECURITY IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION WITHIN THE MEANING OF
REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO IT IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE, AND (2) AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY, PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS,
IN THE CASE OF RULE 144A NOTES: ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATEST OF THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF, THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY ADDITIONAL NOTES AND THE LAST DATE 

21 

ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY), AND IN THE CASE OF REGULATION S NOTES: 40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF
(1) THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE ISSUANCE OF ANY ADDITIONAL NOTES, AS APPLICABLE, AND (2) THE DATE ON WHICH THIS SECURITY (OR ANY PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY) WAS FIRST OFFERED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN
DISTRIBUTORS (AS DEFINED IN RULE 902 OF REGULATION S) IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S (AS APPLICABLE, THE RESALE RESTRICTION PERIOD) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, (B) FOR SO LONG AS THE SECURITIES ARE ELIGIBLE
FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHICH NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (C) PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS THAT OCCUR OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE
MEANING OF REGULATION S AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO IT IN THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH PURCHASE IS MADE, (D) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR
(E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS AND THE TRUSTEES, OR REGISTRARS, AS APPLICABLE, RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER
PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (C) OR CLAUSE (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER IN THE FORM CONTAINED IN THE INDENTURE IS COMPLETED AND DELIVERED BY THE TRANSFEROR TO THE TRUSTEE OR REGISTRAR. THIS LEGEND WILL BE
REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE RESALE RESTRICTION PERIOD. 

(B)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note issued pursuant to subparagraphs (b)(4), (c)(2), (c)(3), (e)(2), (e)(3) or (j) of this Section 2.06 (and all
Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) will not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(2) Global Note
Legend. Each Global Note will bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

22 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS
NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (1) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION
2.06 OF THE INDENTURE, (2) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (3) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF THE
INDENTURE AND (4) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUER. 

UNLESS
AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF
THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW
YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

(h) Cancellation and/or Adjustment of
Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note
will be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a
Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note will be reduced accordingly and an endorsement will be made on
such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a
beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global Note will be increased accordingly and an endorsement will be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase. 

23 

(i) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges. 

(1) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuer will execute and the Trustee will authenticate Global Notes
and Definitive Notes upon receipt of a Company Order or at the Registrars request. 

(2) No service charge will be
made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuer may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental
charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.10, 3.06 and 9.05 hereof). 

(3) The Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or
in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 

(4) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes
issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes will be the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive
Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

(5) Neither the Registrar nor the Issuer will be
required: 

(A) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange, any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of
business 15 days before the day of any selection of Notes for redemption under Section 3.02 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of selection; 

(B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed
portion of any Note being redeemed in part; or 

(C) to register the transfer of or to exchange a Note between a record
date and the next succeeding interest payment date. 

(6) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of
any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Issuer may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and interest on such Notes and for all other
purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Issuer shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

24 

(7) The Trustee will authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes for
original issue in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 hereof. 

(8) All
certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to be submitted to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile or electronic
transmission. 

(j) Automatic Exchange from Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted Global Note. At the option of the Issuer and upon
compliance with the Applicable Procedures, beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note shall be exchanged automatically for beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note. Upon such exchange of beneficial interests pursuant to this
Section 2.06(j), the Registrar shall reflect on its books and records the date of such transfer and a decrease and increase, respectively, in the principal amount of the applicable Restricted Global Note and the
Unrestricted Global Note, respectively, equal to the principal amount of beneficial interests transferred. Following any such transfer pursuant to this Section 2.06(j) of all of the beneficial interests in a Restricted
Global Note, such Restricted Global Note shall be canceled. 

(k) Transfers of Securities Held by Affiliates. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2.06, any certificate (i) evidencing a Note that has been transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Issuer, as evidenced by a notation on
the certificate of transfer or certificate of exchange for such transfer or in the representation letter delivered in respect thereof, or (ii) evidencing a Note that has been acquired from an affiliate (other than by an affiliate) in a
transaction or a chain of transactions not involving any public offering, as evidenced by a notation on the certificate of transfer or certificate of exchange for such transfer or in the representation letter delivered in respect thereof, shall,
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer, until one year after the last date on which either the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer was an owner of such Note, in each case, be in the form of a permanent Definitive Note and bear the private placement
legend subject to the restrictions in this Section 2.06. The Registrar shall retain copies of all letters, notices and other written communications received pursuant to this Section 2.06(k). The
Issuer, at its sole cost and expense, shall have the right to inspect and make copies of all such letters, notices or other written communications at any reasonable time upon the giving of reasonable advance written notice to the Trustee. 

Section 2.07 Replacement Notes. 

If
any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee or the Issuer and the Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, the Issuer will issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order, will
authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustees requirements are met. If required by the Trustee or the Issuer, an indemnity bond must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of the Trustee and the Issuer to protect the
Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuer and the Trustee may charge for their expenses in replacing a Note. 

Every replacement Note is an additional obligation of the Issuer and will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 

25 

Section 2.08 Outstanding Notes. 

The Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for
cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof, and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in
Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because the Issuer or an Affiliate of the Issuer holds the Note; however, Notes held by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer shall not be deemed to be
outstanding for purposes of Section 3.07(a) hereof. 

If a Note is replaced pursuant to
Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser. 

If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding and
interest on it ceases to accrue. 

If the Paying Agent (other than the Issuer, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of any thereof) holds as of
11:00 a.m., Eastern time, on a Redemption Date, or other maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes will be deemed to be no longer outstanding and will cease to accrue interest. 

Section 2.09 Treasury Notes. 

In
determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Issuer or any Guarantor, or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under
direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any Guarantor, will be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee will be protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent,
only Notes that the Trustee knows are so owned will be so disregarded. 

Section 2.10 Temporary Notes. 

Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the Issuer may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order,
will authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Issuer considers appropriate for temporary Notes and as may be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. Without
unreasonable delay, the Issuer will prepare and the Trustee will authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. 

Holders
of temporary Notes will be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture. 

Section 2.11 Cancellation. 

The Issuer at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent will forward to the Trustee any Notes
surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee and no one else will cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and will destroy canceled Notes
(subject to the record retention requirement of the Exchange Act). Certification of the destruction of all canceled Notes will be delivered to the Issuer at the written request of the Issuer. The Issuer may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that
it has paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

26 

Section 2.12 Defaulted Interest. 

If the Issuer defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, it will pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent
lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest, to the Persons who are Holders on the applicable record date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof. The Issuer will notify the Trustee
in writing of the amount of defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment. The Issuer will fix or cause to be fixed each such payment date and, if such payment date is beyond the applicable grace period, a
special record date; provided that no such special record date may be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest. At least 15 days before the special record date, the Issuer (or, upon the written request
of the Issuer, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer) will send or cause to be sent to Holders a notice that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid. 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION 

Section 3.01 Notices to Trustee. 

If the Issuer elects to redeem Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provision of Section 3.07 hereof, the
Issuer must furnish to the Trustee, at least five Business Days before the giving of the notice of redemption pursuant to Section 3.03 (unless a shorter notice period shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), an Officers
Certificate setting forth: 

(1) the clause of this Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur; 

(2) the Redemption Date; 

(3) the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed; 

(4) the redemption price, if then determinable and, if not, then a method for determination; and 

(5) any conditions precedent with respect to such redemption. 

Section 3.02 Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed. 

If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee will select Notes for redemption as follows: 

(1) if such Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal
national securities exchange on which such Notes are listed; or 

27 

(2) if such Notes are not listed on any national securities exchange, on a
pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems fair (except that Global Notes will be selected by such method as DTC or its nominee or successor may require or, where such nominee or successor is the Trustee, a method that most
nearly approximates pro rata selection as the Trustee deems fair and appropriate unless otherwise required by law). 

No Notes of $2,000 or
less can be redeemed in part. 

Section 3.03 Notice of Redemption. 

At least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a Redemption Date, the Issuer will send, or cause to be sent, a notice of redemption to each
Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be sent more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture with respect to such Notes pursuant to Article 8 or Article 11 hereof, as applicable. 

The
notice of redemption will identify the Notes to be redeemed and will state: 

(1) the Redemption Date; 

(2) the redemption price, if then determinable, and, if not, then a method for determination; 

(3) if any Note is being redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that,
after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note will be issued upon cancellation of the original Note; 

(4) the name and address of the Paying Agent; 

(5) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to collect the redemption price; 

(6) that, unless the Issuer defaults in making such redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption will cease to
accrue on and after the Redemption Date; 

(7) the paragraph of the Notes and/or Section 3.02 of
this Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being redeemed; 

(8) that no representation is made
as to the correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Notes; and 

(9) any
conditions precedent with respect to such redemption. 

28 

At the Issuers request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the
Issuers name and at its expense; provided, however, that the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee, at least five Business Days prior to the date of giving such notice (unless a shorter notice period shall be satisfactory to the
Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. Such Officers Certificate may be combined with the
Officers Certificate referred to in Section 3.01. 

Section 3.04 Effect of Notice of Redemption. 

Once a notice of redemption is delivered to the Holders in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, Notes called for
redemption become irrevocably due and payable on the Redemption Date, at the redemption price, subject to satisfaction of conditions precedent specified in the applicable notice of redemption. 

Section 3.05 Deposit of Redemption Price. 

By 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the Redemption Date, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay
the redemption price of and accrued interest on all Notes to be redeemed on that date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent will promptly return to the Issuer any money deposited with the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Issuer in excess of the amounts
necessary to pay the redemption price of, and accrued interest on, all Notes to be redeemed. 

If the Issuer complies with the provisions
of the preceding paragraph with respect to a redemption pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, on and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption. If a Note
is redeemed on or after an interest record date but on or prior to the related interest payment date, then any accrued and unpaid interest shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was registered at the close of business on such record
date. If any Note called for redemption is not so paid upon surrender for redemption because of the failure of the Issuer to comply with the preceding paragraph, interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the Redemption Date, until such
principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest not paid on such unpaid principal, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof. 

Section 3.06 Notes Redeemed in Part. 

Upon surrender of a Note that is redeemed in part, the Issuer will issue and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee will authenticate
for the Holder, at the expense of the Issuer, a new Note equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered. 

Section 3.07
Optional Redemption. 

(a) At any time prior to July 1, 2028, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to 40% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued under this Indenture (including Additional Notes) at a redemption price of 106.250% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date, in an amount not greater than the net cash proceeds of one
or more Equity Offerings; provided that: 

29 

(I) at least 60% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued on
the date of this Indenture remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding Notes held by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries); and 

(II) the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of each such Equity Offering. 

(b) On and after July 1, 2028, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes at the redemption prices
(expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date
to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on July 1 of the years indicated below: 

Year Redemption Price 

2028 103.125 % 

2029 101.563 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

(c) Prior to July 1, 2028, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem all or part of the Notes at a
redemption price equal to the sum of the principal amount thereof, plus the Applicable Premium for the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant
record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date). 

(d) Any redemption pursuant
to this Section 3.07 may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent. In addition, if such optional redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 is subject to the
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the related notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such
conditions shall be satisfied or waived (provided that in no event shall such Redemption Date be delayed to a date later than 60 days after the date on which such notice was sent), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be
rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date, as so delayed. 

(e) The Notes are also redeemable as provided in Section 4.09(d).

(f) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01
through 3.06 hereof. 

(g) Nothing in this Indenture shall limit the right of the Issuer or its Affiliates to acquire Notes by means
other than redemption, including by means of tender offers, exchange offers, open market purchases or privately negotiated purchases. 

30 

ARTICLE 4 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01 Payment of
Notes. 

The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes on the dates and in the
manner provided in the Notes. Principal, premium, if any, and interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof, holds as of 11:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the due date money
deposited by the Issuer in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal and premium, if any, at the then-applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent
lawful; and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Section 4.02 Maintenance of Office
or Agency. 

The Issuer shall maintain in the continental United States an office or agency (which may be an office of the Trustee or
an affiliate of the Trustee, Registrar or co-registrar) where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes
and this Indenture may be served. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Issuer fails to maintain any such required office or agency or
fails to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee. 

The Issuer may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any
or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that no such designation or rescission will in any manner relieve the Issuer of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the
continental United States for such purposes. The Issuer shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. 

The Issuer hereby designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as one such office or agency of the Issuer in accordance with
Section 2.03 hereof. 

Section 4.03 Reports. 

(a) Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will furnish (whether
through hard copy or internet access) to the Holders of Notes or post on its website, within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and regulations: 

(1) all quarterly and annual reports that would be required to be filed with the SEC on Forms
10-Q and 10-K if the Issuer were required to file such reports as a non-accelerated filer; and 

31 

(2) all current reports that would be required to be filed with the SEC on
Form 8-K if the Issuer were required to file such reports. 

All such reports will be prepared in
all material respects in accordance with all of the rules and regulations applicable to such reports, but shall not be required to comply with Rules 3-09,3-10,3-16 or Article 13 of Regulation S-X. Each annual report on Form 10-K will include a report on the Issuers consolidated financial
statements by the Issuers independent registered public accounting firm. If, at any time the Issuer is no longer subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for any reason, the Issuer will post the reports referred to in
the preceding paragraphs on its website within the time periods that would apply if the Issuer were required to file those reports with the SEC. 

(b) Any and all Defaults or Events of Default arising from a failure to furnish in a timely manner any information required by this
Section 4.03 shall be deemed cured (and the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 4.03) upon furnishing such information as contemplated by this
Section 4.03 (but without regard to the date on which such financial statement or report is so furnished); provided that such cure shall not otherwise affect the rights of the Holders under Article 6 if the
principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest, if any, on, the Notes have been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such acceleration has not been rescinded or canceled prior to such cure. 

(c) To the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, for so long as the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will furnish to the Holders of the
Notes, securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 

(d) The Issuer will be deemed to have furnished each report required by this Section 4.03 to the Holders of the
Notes if it has filed such report with the SEC using the EDGAR filing system and such report is publicly available. 

Section 4.04 Compliance
Certificate. 

(a) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year (starting with the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2025), an Officers Certificate stating that a review of the activities of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officers with a view to
determining whether the Issuer has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to each such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his or her knowledge the Issuer has kept,
observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in this Indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (or, if a Default or Event of Default has
occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which he or she may have knowledge and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto). 

(b) So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer and the Guarantors will deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days of any Officer
becoming aware of any Default or Event of Default, an Officers Certificate specifying such Default or Event of Default and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. 

32 

Section 4.05 Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. 

The Issuer and each of the Guarantors covenant (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) that they shall not at any time insist upon,
plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the
Issuer and each of the Guarantors (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waive all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenant that they will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any
power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted. 

Section 4.06 Additional Guarantees. 

If, after the date of this Indenture, any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is not already a Guarantor guarantees or becomes a co-obligor in respect of any Debt of either the Issuer or of any Guarantor under a Credit Facility, then the applicable Subsidiary will become a Guarantor by executing a supplemental indenture substantially in the
form of Exhibit E hereto and delivering it to the Trustee within 20 Business Days of the date on which it guaranteed or became a co-obligor in respect of such Debt. Notwithstanding the preceding, any
Note Guarantee of a Subsidiary that was incurred pursuant to this paragraph shall be subject to the terms, including the release provisions, described in Article 10 hereto. 

Section 4.07 Limitation on Liens. 

The Issuer will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, assume, incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets,
whether owned or leased on the date of this Indenture or thereafter acquired, to secure any of its Debt or Debt of any other Person (other than the Notes issued hereunder), without in any such case making effective provision whereby all of the Notes
outstanding hereunder shall be secured equally and ratably with, or prior to, such Debt so long as such Debt shall be so secured. 

This
restriction does not apply to: 

(1) Permitted Liens; 

(2) any Lien upon any property or assets of the Issuer or any Subsidiary in existence on the date of this Indenture or created pursuant to an
after-acquired property clause or similar term or provided for pursuant to agreements existing on such date; 

(3) any Lien
upon any property or assets created at the time of acquisition of such property or assets by the Issuer or any Subsidiary or within one year after such time to secure all or a portion of the purchase price for such property or assets or Debt
incurred to finance such purchase price, whether such Debt was incurred prior to, at the time of or within one year after the date of such acquisition; 

33 

(4) any Lien upon any property or assets existing thereon at the time of the acquisition
thereof by the Issuer or any Subsidiary; provided, however, that such Lien only encumbers the property or assets so acquired; 

(5) any Lien upon any property or assets of a Person existing thereon at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary by acquisition, merger or
otherwise; provided, however, that such Lien only encumbers the property or assets of such Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; 

(6) any Lien upon any property or assets to secure all or part of the cost of construction, development, repair or improvements thereon or to
secure Debt incurred prior to, at the time of, or within one year after completion of such construction, development, repair or improvements or the commencement of full operations thereof, whichever is later, to provide funds for any such purpose;

(7) any Lien imposed by law or order as a result of any proceeding before any court or regulatory body that is being contested in good
faith, and Liens which secure a judgment or other court-ordered award or settlement as to which the Issuer or the applicable Subsidiary has not exhausted its appellate rights; 

(8) any Lien upon any additions, improvements, replacements, repairs, fixtures, appurtenances or component parts thereof attaching to or
required to be attached to property or assets pursuant to the terms of any mortgage, pledge agreement, security agreement or other similar instrument creating a Lien upon such property or assets permitted by clauses (1) through
(7) above; 

(9) any extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, refinancings,
refundings or replacements) of any Lien, in whole or in part, referred to in clauses (1) through (8), inclusive, above; provided, however, that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not exceed the
principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement (plus in each case the aggregate amount of premiums, other payments, costs and expenses required to be paid or incurred in connection
with such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement); provided, further, however, that such extension, renewal, refinancing, refunding or replacement Lien shall be limited to all or a part of the property
(including improvements, alterations and repairs on such property) subject to the encumbrance so extended, renewed, refinanced, refunded or replaced (plus improvements, alterations and repairs on such property); 

(10) any Lien resulting from the deposit of moneys or evidence of indebtedness in trust for the purpose of defeasing or discharging Debt of
the Issuer or any Subsidiary; 

(11) any Lien on (i) cash and cash equivalents, (ii) any commodity account, deposit account or
securities account maintained with or for the benefit of a counterparty to a Permitted Swap Agreement and any assets credited to such accounts and the proceeds of any of the foregoing and (iii) any contracts evidencing Permitted Swap
Agreements, including rights to payment hereunder and the proceeds of any of the foregoing, in each case securing obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary under Permitted Swap Agreements; or 

34 

(12) any Lien granted on, or assignments or sales of, accounts receivable or other rights to
payment and related assets in connection with Securitization Transactions. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, and may permit
any Subsidiary to, create, assume, incur or suffer to exist any Lien upon any property or assets to secure its Debt or Debt of any Person (other than the Notes) that is not excepted by clauses (1) through (12), inclusive, above
without securing the Notes issued under this Indenture, providedthat the aggregate principal amount of all Debt then outstanding secured by such Lien and all similar Liens, together with all Attributable Indebtedness from
Sale-Leaseback Transactions, as defined below (excluding Sale-Leaseback Transactions permitted by clauses (1) through (4), inclusive, of the first paragraph of Section 4.08 hereof) does not exceed the
greater of (a) $1,500.0 million and (b) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, determined at the time of incurrence of such Debt. 

Section 4.08 Restrictions on Sale-Leasebacks. 

The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage in the sale or transfer by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of any property or
assets to a Person (other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary) and the taking back by the Issuer or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, of a lease of such property or assets (a Sale-Leaseback Transaction), unless: 

(1) the Sale-Leaseback Transaction occurs within one year from the date of completion of the acquisition of the property or assets subject
thereto or the date of the completion of construction, development or substantial repair or improvement or commencement of full operations on such property or assets, whichever is later; 

(2) the Sale-Leaseback Transaction involves a lease for a period, including renewals, of not more than three years; 

(3) the Issuer or such Subsidiary would be entitled to incur Debt secured by a Lien on the property or assets subject thereto in a principal
amount equal to or exceeding the Attributable Indebtedness from such Sale-Leaseback Transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes issued under this Indenture; or 

(4) the Issuer or such Subsidiary, within a one-year period after such Sale-Leaseback Transaction,
applies or causes to be applied an amount not less than the Attributable Indebtedness from such Sale-Leaseback Transaction to (A) the prepayment, repayment, redemption, reduction or retirement of Pari Passu Debt of the Issuer or a Subsidiary,
or (B) the expenditure or expenditures for property or assets used or to be used in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, and may permit any of its Subsidiaries to, effect any Sale-Leaseback Transaction that is not
excepted by clauses (1) through (4), inclusive, above; provided that the Attributable Indebtedness from the Sale-Leaseback Transaction, together with the aggregate principal amount of then outstanding Debt (other than the
Notes) secured by Liens upon any property or assets of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries not excepted by clauses (1) through (12), inclusive, of the second paragraph of Section 4.07 hereof, do not exceed the
greater of (a) $1,500.0 million and (b) 20% of the Issuers Consolidated Net Tangible Assets, determined at the time of incurrence. 

35 

Section 4.09 Change of Control. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Issuer shall make an offer (a Change of Control Offer)to each
Holder of Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash (the Change of Control Payment) equal to 101% of the
aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but excluding, the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment Date),subject to the rights of Holders of
Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder of Notes
describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control and stating: 

(1) that the Change of
Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 4.09 and that all Notes tendered will be accepted for payment; 

(2) the purchase price and the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30
days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent; 

(3) that any Note not tendered will continue to accrue
interest; 

(4) that, unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Payment, all Notes accepted for
payment pursuant to the Change of Control Offer will cease to accrue interest after the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(5) that Holders electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender the
Notes, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchaseattached to the Notes completed, or transfer by book-entry transfer, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business
on the third Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date; 

(6) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw
their election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business on the second Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date, a facsimile, electronic transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the
principal amount of Notes delivered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing his election to have the Notes purchased; and 

(7) that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part will be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the
unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, which unpurchased portion must be equal to $2,000 in principal amount or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

The Issuer shall comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and
other securities laws and regulations. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Section 4.09, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws
and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 4.09 by virtue of such compliance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Issuer shall not be
required to make a Change of Control Offer as a result of any Qualified Retail Asset Sale. 

36 

(b) Promptly following the expiration of a Change of Control Offer, the Issuer will, to the
extent lawful, accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer. Promptly thereafter on the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will: 

(1) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of
Notes properly tendered; and 

(2) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together
with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Issuer. 

The Paying Agent shall promptly mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the Change of Control Payment for such Notes (or, to the extent
the Notes are in global form, make such payment through the facilities of DTC), and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note and equal in principal amount to any unpurchased
portion of the Notes surrendered; provided that each new Note will be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Issuer will publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as
soon as practicable after the Change of Control Payment Date. 

The provisions of this Section 4.09 that require
the Issuer to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control will be applicable whether or not any other provisions of this Indenture are applicable. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.09, the Issuer will not be required to make a Change
of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if (1) a third party makes the Change of Control Offer with respect to such Notes in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in this
Section 4.09 applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer; (2) notice of redemption with respect to all
outstanding Notes has been given pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption price; or (3) in connection with, or in contemplation of, any publicly
announced Change of Control, the Issuer has made an offer to purchase (an Alternate Offer)any and all Notes properly tendered at a cash price equal to or higher than the Change of Control Payment and has purchased all
Notes properly tendered in accordance with the terms of such Alternate Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditioned upon the
consummation of such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time the Change of Control Offer is made. 

37 

(d) In the event that Holders of not less than 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes accept a Change of Control Offer or Alternate Offer or other tender offer, and the Issuer purchases all of the Notes held by such Holders, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior
notice, given not more than 30 days following the purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, Alternate Offer or other tender offer, to redeem all of the Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the
Change of Control Payment or Alternate Offer or other tender offer price, as applicable, plus, to the extent not included in the Change of Control Payment or Alternate Offer or other tender offer price, as applicable, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of the Holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date). 

ARTICLE 5 

SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets. 

(a) The Issuer may not: (1) consolidate or merge with or into another Person (whether or not the Issuer is the surviving entity); or
(2) sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in one or more related transactions, to another Person, unless: 

(1) either: 

(A) the Issuer is the surviving entity; or 

(B) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) or to which such sale,
assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition has been made is a Person organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia; 

(2) the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) or the Person to which such
sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition has been made assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, this Indenture pursuant to a supplemental indenture hereto or other appropriate agreement; 

(3) immediately after such transaction, no Default or Event of Default exists; or 

(4) if the Issuer is not the surviving entity, the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an
Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or disposition and such supplemental indenture or other appropriate agreement (if any) comply with this Indenture and all conditions precedent therein relating to such transaction have
been satisfied; 

provided that clause (3) shall not apply to any sale of assets of a Subsidiary to the Issuer or another Subsidiary or
the merger or consolidation of a Subsidiary into any Subsidiary or the Issuer. 

38 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, any Qualified
Retail Asset Sale shall not constitute a sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 5.01(a), the Issuer is permitted to reorganize as any other form of entity in accordance
with the procedures established in this Indenture; provided that: 

(1) the reorganization involves the conversion
(by merger, sale, legal conversion, contribution or exchange of assets or otherwise) of the Issuer into a form of entity other than a limited partnership formed under Delaware law; 

(2) the entity so formed by or resulting from such reorganization is an entity organized or existing under the laws of the
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

(3) the entity so formed by or resulting from such
reorganization assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, this Indenture pursuant to a supplemental indenture hereto or other appropriate agreement; 

(4) immediately after such reorganization no Default or Event of Default exists; 

(5) such reorganization is not materially adverse to the Holders of Notes (for purposes of this clause (5), it is
stipulated that such reorganization shall not be considered materially adverse to the Holders of Notes solely because the successor or survivor of such reorganization (A) is subject to federal or state income taxation as an entity or
(B) is considered to be an includible corporationof an affiliated group of corporations within the meaning of Section 1504(b)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any similar state or local
law); and 

(6) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each
stating that such reorganization and such supplemental indenture or other appropriate agreement (if any) comply with this Indenture and all conditions precedent therein relating to such transaction have been satisfied. 

Section 5.02 Successor Person Substituted. 

Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
properties or assets, of the Issuer in a transaction that is subject to, and that complies with the provisions of, Section 5.01 hereof and in which the Issuer is not the surviving entity, the successor Person formed by such
consolidation or into or with which the Issuer is merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such consolidation,
merger, sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Indenture referring to the Issuershall refer instead to the successor Person and not to the Issuer), and may exercise every
right and power of the Issuer under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Issuer herein, and thereafter (except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the Issuers properties or
assets), the Issuer will be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Notes. 

39 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01
Events of Default. 

Each of the following is an Event of Default with respect to the Notes: 

(1) default for 30 days in the payment when due of interest on the Notes; 

(2) default in the payment when due (at stated maturity, upon optional or mandatory redemption or otherwise) of the principal
of, or premium, if any, on, the Notes; 

(3) failure by the Issuer or any Guarantor to (a) make a Change of Control
Offer when required, or to consummate a purchase of such Notes when required pursuant to the terms described, in Section 4.09 hereof or (b) comply with the provisions of Section 5.01 hereof;
provided that, with respect to the failures described in clause (b), such failure will not constitute an Event of Default for 30 days if such failure is capable of cure; 

(4) failure by the Issuer for 180 days after notice by the Trustee or Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of
Notes then outstanding to comply with the provisions of Section 4.03 hereof; 

(5) failure by the
Issuer or any Guarantor for 60 days after written notice by the Trustee or Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding to comply with any of its other agreements in this Indenture; 

(6) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there may be issued or by which there may be secured or
evidenced any indebtedness for money borrowed of the Issuer or any Guarantor (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the Issuer or any Guarantor), whether such indebtedness or guarantee now exists, or is created after the date of this Indenture,
if that default: 

(A) is caused by a failure to pay principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on such indebtedness
prior to the expiration of the grace period provided in such indebtedness on the date of such default (a Payment Default); or 

(B) results in the acceleration of such indebtedness prior to its express maturity, 

and, in each case, the principal amount of any such indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such indebtedness under
which there has been a Payment Default or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregates $100.0 million or more; provided, however, that if (i) any such Payment Default is cured or waived, (ii) any such
acceleration is rescinded, or (iii) such indebtedness is repaid in each case during the 10 Business Day period commencing upon the end of any applicable grace period for such Payment Default or the occurrence of such acceleration, as
applicable, any Default or Event of Default (but not any acceleration of the Notes) caused by such Payment Default or acceleration shall automatically be rescinded, so long as such rescission does not conflict with any judgment, decree or applicable
law; 

40 

(7) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary
(or group of Subsidiaries that, taken together, would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) pursuant to or within the meaning of Bankruptcy Law: 

(A) commences a voluntary case, 

(B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, 

(C) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, 

(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or 

(E) generally is not paying its debts as they become due; 

(8) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: 

(A) is for relief against the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case; 

(B) appoints a custodian of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially
all of the property of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary; or 

(C) orders the
liquidation of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries that is a Significant Subsidiary; and 

(9) except as permitted by
this Indenture, any Note Guarantee of such Notes is held in any judicial proceeding to be unenforceable or invalid or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect, or any Guarantor, or any Person acting on behalf of any Guarantor, denies or
disaffirms its Obligations under its Note Guarantee of such Notes. 

Section 6.02 Acceleration. 

In the case of an Event of Default specified in clause (7) or clause (8) of Section 6.01
hereof with respect to the Issuer, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other Event of Default occurs with respect to the
Notes and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare, by notice in writing to the Issuer, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the
Notes to be due and payable immediately. 

41 

The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by
written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes and its consequences under this Indenture except a continuing Default or
Event of Default in the payment of interest or premium on, or the principal of, the Notes. 

Section 6.03 Other Remedies. 

If an Event of Default occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the payment
of principal of, or premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture. 

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay
or omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. All remedies are
cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

Section 6.04 Waiver of Past Defaults. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the
Holders of all of the Notes, waive an existing Default or Event of Default with respect to Notes and its consequences hereunder, except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, the
Notes (including in connection with an offer to purchase); provided, however, that the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may rescind an acceleration and its consequences with respect to
Notes, including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration. Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this
Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 6.05 Control by
Majority. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of
conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it hereunder with respect to Notes. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or this
Indenture that the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders of Notes or that may involve the Trustee in personal liability. 

Section 6.06 Limitation on Suits. 

A Holder of Notes may pursue a remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes only if: 

42 

(1) such Holder gives to the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default
is continuing; 

(2) Holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes make a written
request to the Trustee to pursue the remedy; 

(3) such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee
security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee in its sole discretion against any loss, liability or expense; 

(4) the
Trustee does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of security or indemnity; and 

(5) during such 60-day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the then outstanding Notes do not give the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request. 

A Holder of a Note may not use this Indenture to prejudice
the rights of another Holder of a Note or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder of a Note. 

Section 6.07 [Reserved].

Section 6.08 Collection Suit by Trustee. 

If an Event of Default specified in clause (1) or clause (2) of Section 6.01 hereof occurs
and is continuing, the Trustee is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Issuer for the whole amount of principal of, premium, if any, and interest remaining unpaid on, the Notes and interest on
overdue principal and, to the extent lawful, interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel. 

Section 6.09 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 

The Trustee is authorized to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the
claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders of the Notes allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer (or any
other obligor upon the Notes), their creditors or their property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial
proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment
of the same shall be secured 

43 

by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in
liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

Section 6.10 Priorities. 

If the
Trustee collects any money or property pursuant to this Article 6, it shall pay out the money or property in the following order: 

First: to the Trustee, its agents and attorneys for amounts due under Section 7.07 hereof, including
payment of all compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and the costs and expenses of collection; 

Second: to Holders of Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, ratably,
without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and 

Third: to the Issuer or to such party as a court of competent jurisdiction shall direct. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders of Notes pursuant to this
Section 6.10. 

Section 6.11 Undertaking for Costs. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted
by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys
fees, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section 6.11 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, or a suit by
Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes. 

ARTICLE 7 

TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01 Duties of
Trustee. 

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in
it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

44 

(1) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express
provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(2) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture. However, the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not
they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent action,
its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(1) this paragraph does not limit the
effect of paragraph (b) of this Section 7.01; 

(2) the Trustee will not be liable
for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(3) the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a
direction received by it pursuant to Section 6.05 hereof. 

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided,
every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of this Section 7.01. 

(e) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability. The Trustee will be under
no obligation to exercise any of its rights and powers under this Indenture at the request of any Holders, unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against any loss, liability or
expense. 

(f) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the
Issuer. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

Section 7.02 Rights of
Trustee. 

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by
the proper Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document. 

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains
from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.
The Trustee may consult with counsel and the written advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good
faith and in reliance thereon. 

45 

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the
misconduct or negligence of any agent appointed with due care. 

(d) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture. 

(e) Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuer will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Issuer. 

(f) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it in its sole discretion against the losses, liabilities and expenses that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or
direction. 

(g) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its
right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder. 

(h) The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder. 

(i) The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any action taken or omitted by it in good faith at the direction of the Holders of not
less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes as to the time, method and place of conducting any proceedings for any remedy available to the Trustee or the exercising of any power conferred by this Indenture. 

(j) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual
knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a Default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture. 

(k) In no event shall the Trustee be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, including but not limited to lost
profits, irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action arising in connection with this Indenture. 

Section 7.03 Individual Rights of Trustee. 

The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or any
Affiliate of the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee acquires any conflicting interest (as defined in the TIA) after a Default has occurred and is continuing, it must eliminate
such conflict within 90 days or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Section 7.10 hereof. 

46 

Section 7.04 Trustees Disclaimer. 

The Trustee will not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes, it shall
not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuer or upon the Issuers direction under any provision of this Indenture, it will not be responsible for the use or application of any money
received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee, and it will not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other
than its certificate of authentication. 

Section 7.05 Notice of Defaults. 

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and if it is known to the Trustee, the Trustee will send to Holders of Notes a
notice of the Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs. Except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any Note, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long
as a committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of the Holders of the Notes. 

Section 7.06 [Reserved]. 

Section 7.07
Compensation and Indemnity

(a) The Issuer will pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for its acceptance of
this Indenture and services hereunder. The Trustees compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements,
advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel. 

(b) The Issuer and the Guarantors will indemnify the Trustee against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of
or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuer and the Guarantors (including this Section 7.07) and
defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any Holder or any other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder, except to the extent any such
loss, liability or expense which is found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the Trustees own negligence or bad faith. The Trustee will notify the
Issuer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuer will not relieve the Issuer or any of the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder. The Issuer or such Guarantor will defend the claim and
the Trustee will cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel and the Issuer will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement made without its consent,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

47 

(c) The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors under this
Section 7.07 will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

(d) To secure the Issuers and
the Guarantors payment obligations in this Section 7.07, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal, premium,
if any, and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

(e) When the Trustee
incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(8) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are
intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Section 7.08 Replacement of Trustee. 

(a) A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee will become effective only upon the successor
Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.08. 

(b) The Trustee may resign in
writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so notifying the Issuer. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Issuer
in writing. The Issuer may remove the Trustee if: 

(1) the Trustee fails to comply with
Section 7.10 hereof; 

(2) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for
relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law; 

(3) a custodian or public officer takes charge of
the Trustee or its property; or 

(4) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

(c) If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Issuer will promptly appoint a
successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the
Issuer. 

(d) If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring
Trustee, the Issuer, or the Holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(e) If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six months, fails to comply with
Section 7.10 hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

48 

(f) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring
Trustee and to the Issuer. Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will
send a notice of its succession to Holders. The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien
provided for in Section 7.07 hereof. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.08, the Issuers obligations under Section 7.07 hereof will
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. 

Section 7.09 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. 

Subject to Section 7.10 hereof, if the Trustee consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or
substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee. 

Section 7.10 Eligibility; Disqualification. 

There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of
America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least
$100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Section 7.11 Force Majeure. 

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of
or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to
resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 7.12 U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act (the Patriot Act),the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each Person or legal entity that establishes a
relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the Patriot Act. 

49 

ARTICLE 8 

LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have either Section 8.02 or
Section 8.03 hereof be applied to all outstanding Notes and the related Note Guarantees upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8. 

Section 8.02 Legal Defeasance and Discharge. 

Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this
Section 8.02 with respect to the Notes, the Issuer and each of the Guarantors will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed to have been discharged
from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes (including the related Note Guarantees) on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance).For this purpose, Legal
Defeasance means that the Issuer and the Guarantors will be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes (including the related Note Guarantees), which will thereafter be deemed to be
outstandingonly for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to below, and to have satisfied all their other obligations under the Notes, the related Note
Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on the demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions, which will survive until otherwise terminated or
discharged hereunder: 

(1) the rights of Holders of outstanding Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of,
or interest or premium, if any, on, the Notes when such payments are due from the trust referred to in Section 8.04 hereof; 

(2) the Issuers obligations with respect to the Notes concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of Notes,
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust; 

(3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee and the Issuers and the Guarantors
obligations in connection therewith; and 

(4) this Article 8. 

Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Issuer may exercise its option under this Section 8.02
notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.03 hereof. 

50 

Section 8.03 Covenant Defeasance. 

Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this
Section 8.03, the Issuer and each of the Guarantors will, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released with respect to the Notes from each of their
obligations under the covenants contained in Sections 4.03, 4.04, 4.06, 4.07, 4.08 and 4.09 hereof, and the Guarantors will be released from their obligations with respect to the related Note Guarantees, on
and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance),and the Notes will thereafter be deemed not outstanding for the
purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but will continue to be deemed outstandingfor all other purposes hereunder (it
being understood that the Notes will not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes to the extent permitted by GAAP). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to the outstanding Notes and related Note Guarantees, the Issuer
and the Guarantors may omit to comply with and will have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or
by reason of any reference in any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under Section 6.01 hereof, but, except
as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and the Notes and the related Note Guarantees will be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Issuers exercise under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable
to this Section 8.03, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, Sections 6.01(3) through 6.01(6) inclusive hereof will not constitute Events of
Default with respect to Notes. 

Section 8.04 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. 

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance under either Section 8.02 or
Section 8.03 hereof: 

(1) the Issuer must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for
the benefit of the Holders of Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, non-callable Government Securities, or a combination of cash in U.S. dollars and non-callable Government
Securities, in amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or firm of independent public accountants, to pay the principal of, or interest and premium, if any, on the outstanding Notes on
the stated date for payment thereof or on the applicable Redemption Date, as the case may be, and the Issuer must specify whether the Notes are being defeased to such stated date for payment or to a particular Redemption Date; 

(2) in the case of an election under Section 8.02 hereof, the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an
Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that: 

(A) the Issuer has received from, or there has
been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling; or 

(B) since the date of this Indenture, there has been a
change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Beneficial Owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S.
federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred; 

51 

(3) in the case of an election under Section 8.03
hereof, the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that the Beneficial Owners of the outstanding Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as
a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit (other than a Default or
Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit); 

(5) such Legal Defeasance or
Covenant Defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Issuer or any
of its Subsidiaries is bound; 

(6) the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the
deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of preferring the Holders of Notes over the other creditors of the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the Issuer or others; and 

(7) the Issuer must deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all
conditions precedent relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance have been complied with. 

Section 8.05 Deposited Money and
Government Securities to Be Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. 

Subject to Section 8.06 hereof,
all money and non-callable Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for purposes of this
Section 8.05, the Trustee)pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof will be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal,
premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

The Issuer
will pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or non-callable Government Securities deposited pursuant to
Section 8.04 hereof or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding Notes. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Article 8 to the contrary, the Trustee will deliver or pay to the Issuer from time to time upon the
request of the Issuer any money or non-callable Government Securities held by it as provided in Section 8.04 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank,
appraisal firm or firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under Section 8.04(1) hereof), are in excess of the amount
thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

52 

Section 8.06 Repayment to the Issuer. 

Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Issuer, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium,
if any, or interest on, any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal, premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Issuer on its request or, if then held by the Issuer, shall be discharged from
such trust; and the Holder of such Note will thereafter be permitted to look only to the Issuer for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Issuer as trustee
thereof, will thereupon cease. 

Section 8.07 Reinstatement. 

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any U.S. dollars or non-callable Government
Securities in accordance with Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise
prohibiting such application, then the Issuers and the Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes and the related Note Guarantees will be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to
Section 8.02 or Section 8.03 hereof until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.02 or
Section 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided, however, that, if the Issuer makes any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, such Notes following the reinstatement of its obligations,
the Issuer will be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

ARTICLE 9 

AMENDMENT,
SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01 Without Consent of Holders of Notes. 

Notwithstanding Section 9.02 of this Indenture, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee may amend or supplement
this Indenture, the Notes or the Note Guarantees without the consent of any Holder of Notes: 

(1) to cure any ambiguity,
defect or inconsistency; 

(2) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; 

(3) to provide for the assumption of the Issuers or a Guarantors obligations to the Holders of the Notes and Note
Guarantees in the case of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Issuers or such Guarantors assets, as applicable; 

(4) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Notes or that does not
adversely affect the legal rights hereunder of any such Holder; 

53 

(5) to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain
the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA; 

(6) to conform the text of this Indenture or a notation of a Note
Guarantee to any provision of the Description of Notessection of the Offering Memorandum to the extent that such text of this Indenture or such notation of a Note Guarantee was intended to reflect such provision of such
Description of Notes, which intent shall be evidenced by an Officers Certificate; 

(7) to provide
for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the limitations set forth in this Indenture as of the date of this Indenture; 

(8) to allow any Guarantor to execute a supplemental indenture and/or a notation of a Note Guarantee with respect to the Notes
or to reflect the addition or release of a Note Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture; 

(9) to secure the Notes
and/or the Note Guarantees; or 

(10) to provide for the reorganization of the Issuer as any other form of entity, in
accordance with the provisions described in Section 5.01 hereof. 

Upon the request of the Issuer, and upon
receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 9.06 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Issuer and the Guarantors in the execution of any amended or supplemental indenture authorized or permitted by the
terms of this Section 9.01 and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee will not be obligated to enter into such amended or supplemental indenture that
affects its own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

Section 9.02 With Consent of Holders of Notes. 

Except as provided below in this Section 9.02, the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee may amend or supplement
this Indenture and the Notes and the Note Guarantees with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and affected thereby (including Additional Notes, if any) (including, without limitation,
consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes), and, subject to Section 6.04 hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default or compliance with any provision of this
Indenture or the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and affected thereby (including Additional Notes, if any) (including, without
limitation, consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for, or purchase of, the Notes). Section 2.08 hereof shall determine which Notes are considered to be outstandingfor
purposes of this Section 9.02. 

Upon the request of the Issuer, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence
satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent of the Holders of Notes as aforesaid, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents described in Section 9.06 hereof, the Trustee will join with the Issuer and the Guarantors in
the execution of such amended or supplemental indenture unless such amended or supplemental indenture directly affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its
discretion, but will not be obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental indenture. 

54 

It is not necessary for the consent of the Holders of Notes under this
Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver, but it is sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Issuer will send to the
Holders of Notes affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Issuer to send such notice, or any defect therein, will not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended
or supplemental indenture or waiver. 

However, without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment, supplement or waiver under this
Section 9.02 may not (with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder): 

(1) reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; 

(2) reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Note or alter the provisions with respect to the redemption or
repurchase of the Notes (other than provisions relating to minimum required notice of optional redemption or to Section 4.09 hereof); 

(3) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest, including default interest, on any Note; 

(4) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on the Notes (except a
rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); 

(5) make any Note payable in money other than that stated in the Notes; 

(6) make any change in the provisions of this Indenture relating to waivers of past Defaults or the rights of Holders of Notes
to receive payments of, principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, the Notes (other than as permitted by clause (7) below); 

(7) waive a redemption or repurchase payment with respect to any Note (other than a payment required by
Section 4.09 hereof); 

(8) release any Guarantor from any of its obligations under its Note
Guarantee or this Indenture, except in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; or 

(9) make any change in the
preceding amendment, supplement and waiver provisions. 

55 

Section 9.03 [Reserved]. 

Section 9.04 Revocation and Effect of Consents. 

Until an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Note is a continuing consent by the Holder of a
Note and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder of a Note or subsequent Holder of a
Note may revoke the consent as to its Note if the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. An amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms
and thereafter binds every Holder; except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 9.02. 

Section 9.05 Notation on
or Exchange of Notes. 

The Trustee may place an appropriate notation about an amendment, supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter
authenticated. The Issuer in exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note will not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 9.06 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. 

The Trustee will sign any amended or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if the amendment or supplement does
not adversely affect the rights, duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. If it does, the Trustee may, but need not, sign it. In executing any amended or supplemental indenture, the Trustee shall receive and (subject to
Section 7.01 hereof) will be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the documents required by Section 12.04 hereof, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the
execution of such amended or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. 

ARTICLE 10 

NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01
Guarantee. 

(a) Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, unconditionally guarantees
to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the obligations of the Issuer hereunder or
thereunder, that: 

(1) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on, the Notes will be promptly paid in full when
due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or
thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and 

56 

(2) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or
any of such other obligations, that same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. 

Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors will be jointly and
severally obligated to pay the same immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. 

(b) The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder are unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability
of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer, any action to enforce
the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor. Each Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Note Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the
obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture. 

(c) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return
to the Issuer, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Issuer or the Guarantors, any amount paid by any of the foregoing to the Trustee or such Holder, this Note Guarantee, to
the extent theretofore discharged, will be reinstated in full force and effect. 

(d) Each Guarantor agrees that it will not be entitled to
any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the
Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (1) the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of this Article 10, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or
other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (2) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6 hereof, such obligations (whether or not
due and payable) will forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Article 10. The Guarantors will have the right to seek contribution from any non-paying Guarantor so long
as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under this Article 10. 

57 

Section 10.02 Limitation on Guarantor Liability. 

Each Guarantor, and, by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirm that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note
Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to
any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor will be limited to the maximum amount that will, after giving effect to such
maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other
Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. 

Section 10.03 Execution and Delivery of Note Guarantee. 

To evidence its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 hereof, each Guarantor hereby agrees that a notation of
such Note Guarantee substantially in the form attached as Exhibit D hereto will be endorsed by an Officer of such Guarantor on each Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and that this Indenture will be executed on behalf of such
Guarantor by one of its Officers. 

Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in
Section 10.01 hereof will remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Note Guarantee. 

If an Officer whose signature is on this Indenture or on the notation of Note Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee
authenticates the Note on which a notation of Note Guarantee is endorsed, the Note Guarantee will be valid nevertheless. 

The delivery of
any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, will constitute due delivery of the Note Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors. 

Section 10.04 Releases. 

(a) In the
event of any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of any Guarantor, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, or a sale or other disposition of Capital Stock of any Guarantor, in each case to a Person
that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transactions) the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer, then such Guarantor (in the event of a sale or other disposition, by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise, of Capital Stock of
such Guarantor) or the Person acquiring the properties or assets (in the event of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of such Guarantor) will be automatically released and relieved of any obligations
under its Note Guarantee; provided that following such sale or disposition, the Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Issuer. 

(b) At such time as any Guarantor ceases to guarantee or be a co-obligor in respect of any other Debt
of the Issuer or of a Guarantor, the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor shall be automatically released; provided, however, that if, at any time following such release, that Guarantor incurs a guarantee of, or becomes a co-obligor in respect of, any Debt of the Issuer or a Guarantor, then such Guarantor shall be required to provide a Note Guarantee as provided in Section 4.06 hereof. 

58 

(c) Upon Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance in accordance with Article 8 hereof
or satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture in accordance with Article 11 hereof, each Guarantor will be automatically released and relieved of any obligations under its Note Guarantee with respect to such Notes. 

(d) Upon the first day on which the Notes then outstanding achieve an Investment Grade Rating, each Guarantor will be automatically released
and relieved of any obligations under its Note Guarantee. 

Upon delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee of an Officers Certificate and
an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that a Note Guarantee has been released in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee will execute any documents reasonably required in order to evidence the release of any Guarantor from its
obligations under its Note Guarantee. 

The release of a Guarantor from its Note Guarantee pursuant to this
Section 10.04 shall also release such Guarantor from all of its other obligations under this Indenture. 

Any
Guarantor not released from its obligations under its Note Guarantee as provided in this Section 10.04 will remain liable for the full amount of principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, the Notes and for the
other obligations of any Guarantor under this Indenture as provided in this Article 10. 

ARTICLE 11 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 

Section 11.01 Satisfaction and Discharge. 

This Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued hereunder (except as to surviving rights of
transfer or exchange of such Notes and as otherwise specified herein), when: 

(1) either: 

(A) all Notes that have been authenticated, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes that have been replaced or paid and Notes
for whose payment money has been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to the Issuer, have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or 

(B) all Notes that have not been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable or will become due and
payable within one year by reason of the sending of a notice of redemption or otherwise and the Issuer or any Guarantor has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the
Holders, cash in U.S. dollars, non-callable Government Securities, or a combination of cash in U.S. dollars and non-callable Government Securities, in amounts as will be
sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes not delivered to the Trustee for cancellation for principal and premium, if any, and accrued interest to the date of fixed
maturity or redemption; 

59 

(2) the Issuer or any Guarantor has paid or caused to be paid all sums
payable by it under this Indenture; 

(3) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee under this
Indenture to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at fixed maturity or on the Redemption Date, as the case may be; and 

(4) in the case of a deposit of non-callable Government Securities or a combination of
cash in U.S. Dollars and non-callable Government Securities, an opinion of a nationally recognized investment bank, appraisal firm or independent public accountants that the amounts in each deposit will be
sufficient to pay the principal of, or interest and premium, if any, on the outstanding Notes on stated date for payment or the applicable Redemption Date. 

In addition, the Issuer must deliver an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to such
satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied. 

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, if money or Government
Securities have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (B) of clause (1) of this Section 11.01, the provisions of Sections 2.06, 2.07, 2.10, 8.06 and
11.02 hereof will survive. In addition, nothing in this Section 11.01 will be deemed to discharge those provisions of Section 7.07 hereof that, by their terms, survive the satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture. 

Section 11.02 Application of Trust Money. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.06 hereof, all money and non-callable
Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture,
to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest for whose payment such money
has been deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

If the
Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) in accordance with Section 11.01 hereof by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment
of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuers and any Guarantors obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit
had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof, until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply such money in accordance with Section 11.01 hereof; provided that if the
Issuer has made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, such Notes because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuer shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the
money or Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent. 

60 

ARTICLE 12 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01 Trust
Indenture Act Not Applicable. 

This Indenture shall not be subject to or governed by the provisions of the TIA. 

Section 12.02 Notices. 

Any notice
or communication by the Issuer, any Guarantor or the Trustee to the others is duly given if in writing in the English language and delivered in person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested) or overnight air
courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others address: 

If to the Issuer and/or any Guarantor: 

Sunoco LP 

8111 Westchester
Drive, Suite 400 

Dallas, Texas 75225 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

If to the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

13737 Noel Road, Suite 800 

Dallas, Texas 75240 

Attention:
Global Corporate Trust Services 

The Issuer, any Guarantor or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may designate additional or different
addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to
have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; and the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air
courier guaranteeing next day delivery. When the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, all notices will be deemed to be given when sent pursuant to the Applicable Procedures. 

Any notice or communication to a Holder of a Definitive Note will be mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt
requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar. When the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, all notices or communications to the Holders will be sent
pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary and will be deemed to be given when sent pursuant to such procedures. Failure to mail or send a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it will not affect its sufficiency with
respect to other Holders. 

If a notice or communication is mailed or otherwise sent in the manner provided above within the time
prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

61 

If the Issuer sends a notice or communication to Holders, it will send a copy to the Trustee
and each Agent at the same time. 

The Trustee shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending any notice, instruction or other
communication by electronic transmission (including by email, web portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee) shall be
deemed original signatures for all purposes, other than with respect to the Trustees authentication of Notes. The Issuer assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic signatures and electronic methods to send communications to the
Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication, and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. 

Section 12.03 [Reserved]. 

Section 12.04 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. 

Upon any request or application by the Issuer to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee:

(1) an Officers Certificate in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the
statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied;
and 

(2) an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee (which must include the
statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants have been satisfied; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be
required to furnish such Opinion of Counsel in connection with its request for the Trustee to authenticate the Initial Notes on the date of this Indenture or in connection with the addition of a Guarantor under this Indenture upon execution and
delivery of such Guarantor of a supplemental indenture to this Indenture substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit E hereto. 

Section 12.05 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. 

Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture must include: 

(1) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition; 

(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
contained in such certificate or opinion are based; 

62 

(3) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such
examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

(4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied. 

Section 12.06 Rules by Trustee and Agents. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and
set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 12.07 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Equity Holders. 

None of the Trustee, the General Partner or any past, present or future director, officer, partner, member, employee, incorporator, manager or
unit holder or other owner of Equity Interests of the Trustee, the General Partner, the Issuer or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, this Indenture, the Note
Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for
issuance of the Notes and the Note Guarantees. 

Section 12.08 Governing Law. 

THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES. 

Section 12.09 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 

This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or of any other
Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture. 

Section 12.10 Successors. 

All agreements of the Issuer in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its respective successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this
Indenture will bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture will bind its successors. 

Section 12.11 Severability.

In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

63 

Section 12.12 Counterpart Originals. 

This Indenture may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Indenture by telecopier, facsimile, email or other electronic transmission (i.e., a pdf or tif) shall be
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. 

Section 12.13 Evidence of Action by Holders. 

Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take
action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any direction, notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action) the fact that at the time of taking any such action the Holders of such specified percentage have joined
therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting
of Holders duly called and held in accordance with procedures approved by the Trustee, (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders or (d) in the case of Notes evidenced by a
Global Note, by any electronic transmission or other message, whether or not in written format, that complies with the Depositarys applicable procedures. 

Section 12.14 Table of Contents, Headings, etc. 

The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table and headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of
reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

[Signatures on following pages] 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Dated as of the date first written above. 

ISSUER

SUNOCO LP

By: Sunoco GP LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

GUARANTORS

Sunoco Finance Corp.

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Sunoco, LLC

By: Sunoco LP, the sole member of Sunoco, LLC

By: Sunoco GP LLC, the general partner of Sunoco LP

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Sunoco Refined Products LLC

Sunoco Retail LLC

By: Sunoco, LLC, the sole member of each of Sunoco Refined Products LLC and Sunoco Retail LLC

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Aloha Petroleum LLC

By: 

/s/ Brian A. Hand

Name: Brian A. Hand

Title: President

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

Aloha Petroleum, Ltd.

By: the Board of Directors

/s/ Robert S. Hood

Robert S. Hood

/s/ Brian A. Hand

Brian A. Hand

/s/ Edward S. Pak

Edward S. Pak

Sunmarks, LLC

By: Sunoco Retail LLC, the sole member of Sunmarks, LLC

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Sunoco NLR LLC

Sunoco Midstream LLC

By: Sunoco Refined Products LLC, the sole member of each of Sunoco NLR LLC and Sunoco Midstream LLC

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

NuStar Energy L.P.

NuStar Logistics, L.P.

By: NuStar GP, LLC, the ultimate general partner of each of NuStar Energy L.P. and NuStar Logistics, L.P.

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

NuStar Pipeline Partners L.P.

NuStar Pipeline Operating Partnership L.P.

By: NuStar Pipeline Company LLC, the general partner of each of NuStar Pipeline Partners L.P. and NuStar Pipeline Operating Partnership L.P.

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

NuStar Permian Holdings, LLC

By: NuStar Logistics, L.P., its sole member

By: Riverwalk Logistics, L.P., its general partner

By: NuStar GP, LLC, its general partner

By: 

/s/ Joseph Kim

Name: Joseph Kim

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

TRUSTEE

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Michael K. Herberger

Name: Michael Herberger

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

EXHIBIT A (Form of Note) 

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Face of Note] 

CUSIP No. ____

ISIN No. ____ 

6.250% Senior
Notes due 2033 

No. ______ $___________

SUNOCO LP 

promises to pay to _______________, or registered assigns, the principal sum of ________________ DOLLARS [or such greater or lesser amount as may be indicated
on the attached Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note]1 on July 1, 2033. 

Interest Payment Dates: January 1 and July 1, beginning on July 1, 2025. 

Record Dates: December 15 and June 15. 

[Signature page follows.] 

1 

This phrase should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

A-1 

SUNOCO LP

By: Sunoco GP LLC,

its general partner

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

This is one of the 6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as
Trustee 

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: _____________, 20____

A-2 

[Back of Note] 

6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 

Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

(1) Interest. Sunoco LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Issuer), promises to pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of this Note at 6.250% per annum. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on July 1, 2025 or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding
Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date).Interest on this Note will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from the date of issuance; provided that if
there is no existing Default in the payment of interest, and if this Note is authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, interest shall accrue from such next succeeding Interest
Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand at the rate then in effect to the extent lawful; and it will pay interest on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any
applicable grace periods), from time to time on demand at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day
months. 

(2) Method of Payment. The Issuer will pay interest on this Note to the Persons who are registered Holders of the Notes at
the close of business on the December 15 or June 15 next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if such Notes are canceled after such record date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in Section 2.12 of
the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Holders of Definitive Notes must surrender their Notes to the Paying Agent to collect payments of principal and premium, if any, due at maturity. The Notes will be payable as to principal, premium,
if any, and interest at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose within the continental United States, or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders at their addresses set forth
in the register of Holders; provided that payment by wire transfer of immediately available funds will be required with respect to principal of, and interest, premium, if any, on, all Global Notes and all other Notes for which the Holders of
$5.0 million or more in principal amount of which have provided wire transfer instructions to an account in the United States to the Issuer or the Paying Agent. Such payment will be in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at
the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

(3) Paying Agent and Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent or Registrar without notice to any Holder. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such
capacity. 

(4) Indenture. The Issuer issued this Note under an Indenture dated as of March 31, 2025 (the
Indenture)among the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee, as one of the Notes referred to therein (and are herein referred to as the Notes). The terms of the Notes include those stated in
the Indenture, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture as it relates to the Notes, the provisions of the Indenture shall
govern and be controlling. The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Notes were initially issued in an aggregate principal amount of $1,000.0 million on the date of the Indenture. Additional Notes may be issued thereunder subject
to the terms of the Indenture. 

A-3 

(5) Optional Redemption. 

(a) At any time prior to July 1, 2028, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of
the Notes issued under the Indenture at a redemption price of 106.250% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the
relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date), in an amount not greater than the net cash proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings; provided that: 

(i) at least 60% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes issued on the date of the Indenture remains outstanding
immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding Notes held by the Issuer and its Subsidiaries); and 

(ii)
the redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of the closing of each such Equity Offering. 

(b) On and after July 1, 2028, the
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes redeemed to, but excluding, the
applicable Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date), if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning
on July 1 of the years indicated below: 

Year Redemption Price 

2028 103.125 % 

2029 101.563 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

(c) Prior to July 1, 2028, the Issuer may, on one or more occasions, redeem all or part of the Notes at a
redemption price equal to the sum of the principal amount thereof, plus the Applicable Premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date
to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the Redemption Date). 

(d) In the event that Holders of not
less than 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes accept a Change of Control Offer or Alternate Offer or other tender offer, and the Issuer purchases all of the Notes held by such Holders, the Issuer will have the right, upon
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following the purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, Alternate Offer or other tender offer, to redeem all of the Notes that remain outstanding
following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the Change of Control Payment or Alternate Offer or other tender offer price, as applicable, plus, to the extent not included in the Change of Control Payment or Alternate Offer or other tender
offer price, as applicable, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (subject to the right of the Holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an Interest Payment Date that is on or prior
to the Redemption Date). 

A-4 

(e) Any such optional redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or
more conditions precedent. In addition, if such optional redemption is subject to the satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the related notice shall describe each such condition, and if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers
discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived (provided that in no event shall such Redemption Date be delayed to a date later than 60 days after the date on which
such notice was sent), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date as so delayed. 

(f) Unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called
for redemption on the applicable Redemption Date. 

(6) Notice of Redemption. Except as set forth in paragraph 5(d) above, notice of
redemption will be sent at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a Redemption Date to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address, except that redemption notices may be sent more than 60 days prior to a Redemption
Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction or discharge of the Indenture with respect to the Notes. Notes in denominations larger than $2,000 may be redeemed in part but only in whole multiples of
$1,000 in excess thereof, unless all of the Notes held by a Holder are to be redeemed. 

(7) Repurchase at the Option of Holder. If
there is a Change of Control with respect to the Notes, the Issuer may be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in
excess thereof) of each Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash (the Change of Control Payment) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase, subject to
the rights of Holders of the Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date (the Change of Control Payment).Within 30 days following any Change of Control with respect to
the Notes, the Issuer will send a notice to each Holder setting forth the procedures governing the Change of Control Offer as required by the Indenture. 

(8) Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of the Notes may be registered and the Notes may be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate
endorsements and transfer documents and the Issuer may require a Holder to pay any transfer taxes or similar governmental charges required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not exchange or register the transfer of any Note or
portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. Also, the Issuer need not exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be
redeemed or during the period between a record date and the corresponding Interest Payment Date. 

A-5 

(9) Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as its
owner for all purposes. 

(10) Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Notes or the
Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including Additional Notes, if any), and any existing Default or Event of Default with respect
to the Notes or compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes (including Additional Notes,
if any). Without the consent of any Holder of a Note, the Indenture or the Notes or the Note Guarantees may be amended or supplemented for certain purposes as described in the Indenture. 

(11) Defaults and Remedies. If any Event of Default occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, the Trustee or the Holders of
at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may declare the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all the Notes to be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an
Event of Default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Issuer, as described in the Indenture, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Notes, will become due and payable
immediately without further action or notice. Holders may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes
may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power with respect to the Notes. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes by written notice to the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders of all of
the Notes, rescind an acceleration or waive any existing Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes and its consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default or Event of Default in the payment of interest or premium on, or the
principal of, the Notes. 

(12) Trustee Dealings with the Issuer. The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may make
loans to, accept deposits from, and perform services for the Issuer or its Affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee. 

(13) No Recourse Against Others. None of the Trustee, the General Partner or any past, present or future director, officer, partner,
member, employee, incorporator, manager or unit holder or other owner of Equity Interests of the Trustee, the General Partner, the Issuer or any Guarantor, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under
the Notes, the Indenture, the Note Guarantees or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release
are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes and the Note Guarantees. 

A-6 

(14) Authentication. This Note will not be valid until authenticated by the manual
signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. 

(15) Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a
Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

(16) CUSIP Numbers. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the
Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers and corresponding ISIN numbers to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers and corresponding ISIN numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the
accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

(17) Guarantees. The Guarantors have provided the Note Guarantees pursuant to Article 10 of the Indenture that are evidenced by the
attached Notation of Guarantee. 

(18) GOVERNING LAW. THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THE
INDENTURE, THIS NOTE AND THE NOTE GUARANTEES. 

The Issuer will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the
Indenture. Requests may be made to: 

Sunoco LP 

8111 Westchester Drive, Suite 400 

Dallas, Texas 75225 

Attention:
Treasurer, Senior Vice President Finance 

A-7 

Assignment Form 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we)
assign and transfer this Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal
name) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.) 

(Print or type assignees name,
address and zip code) 

and irrevocably appoint _________________________________________________________ 

to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Signature Guarantee*: 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-8 

Option of Holder to Elect Purchase 

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, check the appropriate box
below: 

Section 4.09 

If you want to elect to have only part of the Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, state the amount
you elect to have purchased: 

$___________________ 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*:

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-9 

Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note* 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another
Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal
Amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of increase

in Principal

Amount of
this

Global Note 

Principal Amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of
Trustee or

Custodian

* 

This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global form. 

A-10 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

Sunoco LP 

8111 Westchester Drive, Suite 400 

Dallas, Texas 75225 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

13737 Noel Road,
Suite 800 

Dallas, Texas 75240 

Re: 

6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Indenture),among Sunoco LP, a
Delaware limited partnership (the Issuer),the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Indenture. 

(the Transferor)owns and proposes to transfer the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified
in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $_____________in such Note[s] or interests (the Transfer),to _____________ (the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the
Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that: 

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY] 

1. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the 144A Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note pursuant to
Rule 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the
beneficial interest or Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such
Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyerwithin the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and such Transfer
is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be
subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the 144A Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

2. Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Note
pursuant to Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a
Person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside
the United States or (y) the transaction was 

B-1 

executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged
with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or
scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit
of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer
enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Regulation S Global Note and/or the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

3. Check and complete if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or a Restricted Definitive
Note pursuant to any provision of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Regulation S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and Restricted
Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one): 

(a) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act; 

or 

(b) such Transfer is
being effected to the Issuer or a Subsidiary thereof; or 

(c) such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act; 

or 

(d) [reserved]. 

4.
Check if Transferee will take delivery of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. 

(a) Check if Transfer is pursuant to Rule 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under
the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and
the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note
will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

B-2 

(b) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Regulation S. (i) The Transfer is being
effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and
(ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes and in
the Indenture. 

(c) Check if Transfer is Pursuant to Other Exemption. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in
compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws
of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed
Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or
Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

B-3 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

1. 

The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following: 

[CHECK ONE of (a) or (b)] 

(a) 

a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) 

144A Global Note (CUSIP [____]), or 

(ii) 

Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP [____]), or 

(b) 

a Restricted Definitive Note, 

2. 

After the Transfer the Transferee will hold: 

[CHECK ONE OF] 

(a) 

a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) 

144A Global Note (CUSIP [____]), or 

(ii) 

Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP [____]), or 

(iii) 

Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP [____]); or 

(b) 

a Restricted Definitive Note; or 

(c) 

an Unrestricted Definitive Note, 

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

B-4 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE 

Sunoco LP 

8111 Westchester Drive, Suite 400 

Dallas, Texas 75225 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

13737 Noel Road,
Suite 800 

Dallas, Texas 75240 

Re: 

6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes) 

(CUSIP____) 

Reference is hereby
made to the Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Indenture),among Sunoco LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Issuer),the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

(the Owner) owns and proposes to exchange the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount
of $________ in such Note[s] or interests (the Exchange).In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that: 

1. Exchange of Restricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in a Restricted 

Global Note for Unrestricted Definitive Notes or Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note. 

(a) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note.
In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is
being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act),(iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and
(iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(b) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note. In connection with the
Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer,
(ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the
United States. 

C-1 

(c) [Reserved] 

(d) Check if Exchange is from Restricted Definitive Note to Unrestricted Definitive Note. In connection with the Owners Exchange
of a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected
in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are
not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes for Restricted Definitive Notes. 

(a) Check if Exchange is from beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note to Restricted Definitive Note. In connection with the
Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own
account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement
Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

This certificate and the statements
contained herein are made for your benefit. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

C-2 

EXHIBIT D 

[FORM OF NOTATION OF GUARANTEE] 

For value received, each Guarantor (which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture) has, jointly and severally, unconditionally
guaranteed, to the extent set forth in the Indenture and subject to the provisions in the Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2025 (the Indenture),among Sunoco LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the
Issuer), the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee),(a) the due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on,
the Notes, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, the due and punctual payment of interest on overdue principal of, premium, if any, interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and the due and punctual performance of all
other obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee all in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that the same will be
promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. The obligations of the Guarantors to the Holders of Notes and to the Trustee pursuant to
the Note Guarantees and the Indenture are expressly set forth in Article 10 of the Indenture and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for the precise terms of the Note Guarantees. Each Holder of a Note, by accepting the same, agrees to and
shall be bound by such provisions. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

[Name of Guarantor(s)]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated:

D-1 

EXHIBIT E 

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

TO
BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS] 

This Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture),dated as of
_____________, 20__, is among _________ (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary),Sunoco LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Issuer),the other Guarantors (as defined in the Indenture referred to herein)
and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS, the Issuer
has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the Indenture),dated as of March 31, 2025, providing for the issuance of its 6.250% Senior Notes due 2033 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a
supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the Note
Guarantee);and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and
deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows: 

1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 

2. Agreement to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional guarantee on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Note Guarantee and in the Indenture including but not limited to Article 10 thereof. 

3. No Recourse Against
Others. No past, present or future director, officer, partner, member, employee, incorporator, manager or unit holder or other owner of Equity Interests of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary, as such, shall have any liability for any obligations of the
Issuer or any Guaranteeing Subsidiary under the Notes, any Note Guarantees, the Indenture or this Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes by
accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 

4. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE. 

E-1 

5. Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture.
Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Indenture by telecopier, facsimile, email or other electronic transmission (i.e., a
pdf or tif) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. 

6. Effect of Headings. The
Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

7. The Trustee. The Trustee shall not be
responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary and the
Issuer. 

(Signature page follows.) 

E-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed and attested, all as of the date first above written. 

[Guaranteeing Subsidiary]

By: 

Name:

Title:

SUNOCO LP

By: Sunoco GP LLC, its general partner

By: 

Name:

Title: 

[Existing Guarantors]

By: 

Name:

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

As Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

E-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>sun-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>sun-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>sun-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 31, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001552275

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Entity Registrant Name SUNOCO LP

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35653

Entity Tax Identification Number 30-0740483

Entity Address, Address Line One 8111 Westchester Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75225

City Area Code (214)

Local Phone Number 981-0700

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests

Trading Symbol SUN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.sunocolp.com//20250331/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d860324d8k.htm 
sun-20250331.xsd 
sun-20250331_lab.xml 
sun-20250331_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-068752-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d860324d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001552275 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

false 
0001552275 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
SUNOCO LP 
DE 
001-35653 
30-0740483 
8111 Westchester Drive 
Suite 400 
Dallas 
TX 
75225 
(214) 
981-0700 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Units Representing Limited Partner Interests 
SUN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>