<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001929980-25-000089.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001929980-25-000089.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227163015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001929980-25-000089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865248
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41108
		FILM NUMBER:		25679553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CAPITALWORKS EMERGING MARKETS ACQUIS
		STREET 2:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 11TH FL.
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202.320.4822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CAPITALWORKS EMERGING MARKETS ACQUIS
		STREET 2:		1345 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, 11TH FL.
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210601
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cmca_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cmca_8k.htm

0001865248false00018652482025-02-272025-02-270001865248cmca:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareParValueDollar0.0001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarranttMember2025-02-272025-02-270001865248cmca:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValuePerShareMember2025-02-272025-02-270001865248cmca:RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAasPartOfTheUnitsEachWholeWarExerForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnEexercisePriceOfDollarPerMember2025-02-272025-02-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 

001-41108 

98-1598114

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

44320 Osgood Road

Freemont, CA 

94539

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

(202) 741-3677

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on

which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

CMCAU 

OTC

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

CMCAF 

OTC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

CMCAW 

OTC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 18, 2025, Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp (the Company) filed a definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement) for the purposes of calling an extraordinary general meeting of the Companys shareholders (the Meeting) to approve, among other proposals, an amendment to the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter) to extend the date by which it has to consummate an initial business combination to March 3, 2026, as described in the Proxy Statement.

Effective February 27, 2025, the Company and Vikasati Partners, LLC, the Companys sponsor (Sponsor), entered into a non-redemption agreement (Non-Redemption Agreement) with an unaffiliated third-party shareholder of the Company in exchange for such shareholder agreeing to not redeem an aggregate of 200,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares), of the Company (the Non-Redeemed Shares) at the Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitment to the Company to not redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such shareholder, contemporaneously with the closing of the Companys initial business combination, an aggregate of 80,000 Class A ordinary shares (Founder Shares) held by the Sponsor, provided that such shareholder does not exercise its redemption rights with respect to the Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the Meeting. The Non-Redemption Agreement is expected to increase the amount of funds that remain in the Companys trust account established in connection with Companys initial public offering following the Meeting.

The foregoing description of the Non-Redemption Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Non-Redemption Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward Looking Statements

The information included herein may include, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements regarding likelihood of the approval of the proposals presented at the Meeting, the number of Non-Redeemed Shares and number of Founder Shares to be transferred in consideration thereof, the amount of cash in the Companys trust account or our preliminary estimated per-share redemption price, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this document are forward-looking statements. When used in this document, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management team, identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Companys management. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, so undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Proxy Statement and in other reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any states or jurisdictions in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or an exemption therefrom.

2

Additional Information and Where to Find It

The Company urges investors, shareholders and other interested persons to read the Proxy Statement as well as other documents filed by the Company with the SEC, because these documents will contain important information about the Company and the Proposals. Shareholders may obtain copies of the Proxy Statement, any amendments or supplements thereto and other documents containing important information about the Company, once such documents are filed with the SEC, without charge, at the SECs website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to the Companys proxy solicitor, ClearTrust, LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Ste 210, Lutz, Florida 33558, Email: inbox@cleartrusttransfer.com.

Participants in Solicitation

The Company and its directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the Companys shareholders in respect of the Proposals. Information regarding the Companys directors and executive officers is available in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests are contained in Proxy Statement, which may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits

The following exhibits are furnished with this report.

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 

Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CAPITALWORKS EMERGING MARKETS ACQUISITION CORP 

Dated: February 27, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Suresh Guduru 

Name: 

Suresh Guduru 

Title: 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cmca_ex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
cmca_ex101.htm

EXHIBIT 10.1

NON-REDEMPTION AGREEMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF ECONOMIC INTEREST

This Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest (this Agreement) is entered as of February 27, 2025 by and among Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company (CEMAC or the Company), Vikasati Partners LLC (the Insider), and the undersigned investor (the Investor).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Insider currently holds CEMAC Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares);

WHEREAS, CEMAC expects to hold an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (as adjourned or postponed from time to time, the Meeting) for the purpose of approving, among other proposals, an amendment to CEMACs Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter) to, extend the date by which CEMAC must consummate an initial business combination (the Initial Business Combination) to March 3, 2026 (the Extension and together with all other proposals brought at the Meeting, the Proposals);

WHEREAS, the Charter provides that a shareholder of CEMAC may elect to redeem its Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, initially sold as part of the units in CEMACs initial public offering (whether they were purchased in CEMACs initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, the Public Shares and together with the Founder Shares, the Ordinary Shares) in connection with the proposal to amend the Charter to effectuate the Extension upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Charter (Redemption Rights);

WHEREAS, Investor is willing to not exercise its Redemption Rights in connection with the Extension, or to validly rescind any previously submitted redemption demand, of certain of the Public Shares held by such Investor upon the terms set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Insider desires to transfer to the Investor, and the Investor desires to acquire from the Insider, that number of Founder Shares set forth opposite such Investors name on Exhibit A (the Assigned Securities), to be transferred to the Investor simultaneously with CEMACs completion of its Initial Business Combination, and, prior to the transfer of the Assigned Securities to the Investor, the Insider desires to assign the economic benefits of the Assigned Securities to the Investor.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Investor, the Company and the Insider hereby agree as follows:

1. Terms of Transfer.

1.1. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, if (a) as of 5:30 PM, New York time, on the date of the Meeting, the Investor holds the Investor Shares (as defined below), (b) the Investor does not exercise (or exercised and validly rescinds) its Redemption Rights with respect to all of the Investor Shares in connection with the Meeting, and (c) the Proposals are approved at the Meeting and implemented by the Company, then the Insider hereby agrees to assign to the Investor for no additional consideration the Economic Interest (as defined below) associated with the Assigned Securities set forth on Exhibit A. Investor Shares shall mean an amount of the Public Shares equal to the lesser of (i) 200,000 Public Shares, and (ii) 9.99% of the Public Shares outstanding after the Extension and the events occurring substantially concurrent therewith, including the redemptions of Class A ordinary shares, including those Public Shares subject to non-redemption agreements with other CEMAC shareholders similar to this Agreement on or about the date of the Meeting; provided, however, that if the number of Investor Shares is less than 200,000, the number of Assigned Securities shall be reduced proportionately. 

1

1.2. The Insider and the Investor hereby agree that the assignment of the Economic Interest in the Assigned Securities shall be subject to the conditions that (i) the Initial Business Combination is consummated; (ii) the Investor (or its permitted transferees (as provided by Section 7 of that certain Letter Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, entered into by CEMAC in connection with its initial public offering (as amended and as it exists on the date hereof, the Letter Agreement)) executes a joinder to the Letter Agreement set forth as Exhibit B to this Agreement and (iii) the Investor furnishes proof satisfactory to the Insider demonstrating its ownership of non-redeemed Investor Shares following the Meeting. The Company and the Insider acknowledge and agree that the voting, Trust Account (as defined in the Letter Agreement) and liquidating distribution restrictions contained in the Letter Agreement (or any other restrictions contained therein) shall only apply to the Assigned Securities and not any Public Shares (including the Investor Shares), and that the obligations with respect to the Ordinary Shares referenced in Sections 1 and 2 of the Letter Agreement shall not apply to or restrict Investor, other than with respect to the Assigned Securities (the Carve-Out).

Upon the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, as applicable, the Insider shall transfer the Assigned Securities to the Investor (or its permitted transferees as provided by Section 7 of that certain Letter Agreement) contingent upon and promptly following the closing of the Initial Business Combination free and clear of any liens or other encumbrances, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by the Letter Agreement and the securities laws. The Insider and CEMAC covenant and agree to facilitate such transfer to the Investor (or its permitted transferees as provided by Section 7 of that certain Letter Agreement) in accordance with the foregoing.

1.3. Adjustment to Share Amounts. If at any time prior to the consummation of an Initial Business Combination, the number of outstanding Founder Shares is increased or decreased by a consolidation, combination, split or reclassification of the Founder Shares or other similar event, then, as of the effective date of such consolidation, combination, split, reclassification or similar event, all share numbers referenced in this Agreement shall be adjusted in proportion to such increase or decrease in the Founder Shares. The foregoing shall not apply to (i) any increase or decrease in the number of authorized Founder Shares or (ii) a reclassification of the share capital of CEMAC, in each case in connection with the closing of the Initial Business Combination.

1.4. Merger or Reorganization, etc. If prior to the transfer of the Assigned Shares to the Investor there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger involving CEMAC in which its Ordinary Shares are converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property, then, following any such reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger, in lieu of Ordinary Shares, the Insider shall transfer, with respect to each Founder Share to be transferred hereunder, promptly after and upon the Insiders receipt thereof, the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property into which such Assigned Securities converted or were exchanged.

1.5. Forfeitures, Transfers, etc. The Investor shall not be subject to forfeiture, surrender, claw-back, transfers, disposals, exchanges or earn-outs for any reason on the Assigned Securities. Insider acknowledges and agrees that any earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments or arrangements that may be imposed on the Founder Shares held by the Insider shall not apply to the Assigned Securities and the terms and conditions applicable to the Assigned Securities and the Economic Interest shall not be changed or the number reduced as a result of any such earn-outs, forfeitures, transfers, restrictions, amendments or arrangements.

1.6. Delivery of Shares; Other Documents. At the time of the transfer of Assigned Securities hereunder, the Insider shall deliver the Assigned Securities to the Investor by transfer of book-entry shares effected through CEMACs transfer agent. The parties to this Agreement agree to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and to do all such other acts, as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

1.7. Assignment of Registration Rights. Concurrent with the transfer of Assigned Securities to the Investor under this Agreement and contingent upon the consummation of the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the Insider shall assign all of its rights, duties and obligations to the Investor with respect to the Assigned Securities under that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and among CEMAC and the other parties thereto (as it exists on the date of the Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement), and hereby represents and confirms to the Investor that, upon the Investors receipt of the Assigned Securities and compliance with the last sentence of this Section 1.7, (i) the Investor shall become a Holder under the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the Assigned Securities shall be Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the Insiders written notice to CEMAC of such assignment in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement (if required). The Investor shall execute a Joinder (as defined below) set forth as Exhibit B to this Agreement contemporaneously with the closing of the Initial Business Combination and transfer of the Assigned Securities from the Insider to the Investor, pursuant to which, Investor will be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder thereunder with respect to the Assigned Securities (upon acquisition thereof) as Registrable Securities thereunder.

2

1.8. Joinder to Letter Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement. In connection with the transfer of the Assigned Securities to the Investor, the Investor shall execute a joinder to the Letter Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement in substantially the form attached here to as Exhibit B (the Joinder) pursuant to which the Investor shall agree with CEMAC, in accordance with Section 9 of the Letter Agreement, to be bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in, and to be subject to, solely Section 9 of the Letter Agreement (but subject to the Carve-Out), solely with respect to the Assigned Securities and to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder thereunder with respect to the Assigned Securities (upon acquisition thereof) as Registrable Securities thereunder and CEMAC hereby agrees to execute the Joinder contemporaneously with the closing of the Initial Business Combination and transfer of the Assigned Securities from the Insider to the Investor. 

1.9. Termination. This Agreement and each of the obligations of the undersigned shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the failure of CEMACs shareholders to approve the Proposals at the Meeting or the determination of the Company not to proceed to effect the Extension, (b) the fulfillment of all obligations of parties hereto, (c) the liquidation or dissolution of CEMAC, (d) the mutual written agreement of the parties hereto; or (e) if the Investor exercises its Redemption Rights with respect to any Investor Shares in connection with the Meeting and such Investor Shares are actually redeemed in connection with the Meeting. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Insiders obligation to transfer the Assigned Securities or assign the Economic Interest to the Investor shall be conditioned on (i) the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 1.2, Section 1.7, and Section 1.8 hereof and (ii) the Investor Shares not being redeemed in connection with the Meeting.

2. Assignment of Economic Interest.

2.1. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 1.1, the Insider hereby assigns to the Investor all of its economic interest in and to that number of Assigned Securities set forth on Exhibit A (the Economic Interest), subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2.2. The Economic Interest represents the Insiders right to receive dividends and other distributions with respect to that number of Assigned Securities set forth on Exhibit A represented by the Founder Shares held directly by the Insider.

2.2. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that it is not a member of the Insider, it has no right to vote on matters of the Insider as a result of the Assigned Securities or Economic Interest, or to vote with respect to any Assigned Securities, and it has no right to vote Assigned Securities prior to transfer of any such shares to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement.

2.3. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that if it has a right pursuant to its Economic Interest to receive any dividends or other distributions paid in Ordinary Shares or other non-cash property, the Insider shall transfer all of its right, title and interest in such dividends or distributions concurrently with the transfer of the Assigned Securities to the Investor pursuant to Section 1.

2.4. If the conditions to the transfer of the Founder Shares in Section 1 are not satisfied with respect to any Founder Shares, then the Investor shall automatically assign its Economic Interests in such Founder Shares back to the Insider, for no consideration.

3

3. Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Insider that:

3.1. No Government Recommendation or Approval. The Investor, in making the decision pursuant to this Agreement, has not relied upon any oral or written representations or assurances from the Insider or any of the Insiders or the Companys officers, directors, partners or employees or any other representatives or agents except as provided in this Agreement. The Investor understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the offering of the Assigned Securities.

3.2. Accredited Investor. The Investor is an institutional accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among other things, on a private placement exemption to accredited investors under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law.

3.3. Intent. The Investor is acquiring the Assigned Securities solely for investment purposes, for such Investors own account (and/or for the account or benefit of its members or affiliates, as permitted), and not with a view to the distribution thereof in violation of the Securities Act and the Investor has no present arrangement to sell Assigned Securities to or through any person or entity except as may be permitted hereunder.

3.4. Restrictions on Transfer; Trust Account; Redemption Rights.

3.4.1. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Assigned Securities are subject to the transfer restrictions and certain other restrictions as set forth in the Letter Agreement (but subject to the Carve-Out).

3.4.2. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Assigned Securities are not entitled to, and have no right, interest or claim of any kind in or to, any monies held in the trust account into which the proceeds of CEMACs initial public offering were deposited (the Trust Account) or distributed as a result of any liquidation of the Trust Account.

3.4.3. The Investor agrees only with CEMAC, solely for the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein, enforceable only by CEMAC, to waive any right that it may have to elect to have CEMAC redeem any Investor Shares and agrees not to redeem or otherwise exercise any right to redeem, the Investor Shares and to reverse and revoke any prior redemption elections made with respect to the Investor Shares, in each case, solely in connection with the Proposals. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement is intended to restrict or prohibit the Investors ability to redeem any Public Shares other than the Investor Shares, or to trade or redeem any Public Shares (other than the Investor Shares) in its discretion and at any time or trade or redeem any Investor Shares in its discretion and at any time after the date of the Meeting.

3.4.4. The Investor acknowledges and understands that the Assigned Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act and have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future the Investor decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer Assigned Securities, such Assigned Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. The Investor agrees that, if any transfer of the Assigned Securities or any interest therein is proposed to be made (other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act), as a condition precedent to any such transfer, the Investor may be required to deliver to CEMAC an opinion of counsel (including internal counsel) satisfactory to CEMAC that registration is not required with respect to the Assigned Securities to be transferred. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, the Investor agrees it will not transfer the Assigned Securities.

3.4.5. The Investor hereby agrees only with CEMAC, solely for the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein, enforceable only by CEMAC, that it shall ensure that neither it, nor any person or entity acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, will allow the Investor Shares held by the Investor to be lent out or rehypothecated prior to the conclusion of the Meeting and confirms that it has notified its prime brokers with respect to this requirement and has received assurances from such prime brokers.

4

3.5. Voting. The Investor agrees only with CEMAC, solely for the benefit of and, notwithstanding anything else herein, enforceable only by CEMAC, that it will vote all Ordinary Shares owned, as of the applicable record date, by it at the Meeting in favor of the Proposals and cause all such shares to be counted as present at the Meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum.

3.6. Sophisticated Investor. The Investor is sophisticated in financial matters and able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Assigned Securities.

3.7. Risk of Loss. The Investor is aware that an investment in the Assigned Securities is highly speculative and subject to substantial risks. The Investor is cognizant of and understands the risks related to the acquisition of the Assigned Securities, including those restrictions described or provided for in this Agreement and the Letter Agreement pertaining to transferability. The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Assigned Securities for an indefinite period of time and able to sustain a complete loss of such investment.

3.8. Independent Investigation. The Investor has relied upon an independent investigation of CEMAC and has not relied upon any information or representations made by any third parties or upon any oral or written representations or assurances, express or implied, from the Insider or any representatives or agents of the Insider, other than as set forth in this Agreement. The Investor is familiar with the business, operations and financial condition of CEMAC and has had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers from CEMACs management concerning CEMAC and the terms and conditions of the proposed sale of the Assigned Securities and has had full access to such other information concerning CEMAC as the Investor has requested. The Investor confirms that all documents that it has requested have been made available and that the Investor has been supplied with all of the additional information concerning this investment which the Investor has requested.

3.9. Organization and Authority. If an entity, the Investor is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it was organized and it possesses all requisite power and authority to acquire the Assigned Securities, enter into this Agreement and perform all the obligations required to be performed by the Investor hereunder.

3.10. Non-U.S. Investor. If the Investor is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Code)), the Investor hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Assigned Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the acquisition of the Assigned Securities, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such acquisition, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the acquisition, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Assigned Securities. The Investors subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Assigned Securities will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Investors jurisdiction.

3.11. Authority. This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Investor, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company and the Insider, and is a valid and binding agreement of the Investor enforceable in accordance against the Investor with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.12. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Investor of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Investors organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which the Investor is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Investor is subject, or any order, judgment or decree to which the Investor is subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Investor from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement.

5

3.13. No Advice from the Insider. The Investor has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the form of Letter Agreement with the Investors own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations of the Insider explicitly made in this Agreement, the Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations, express or implied, of the Insider or any of its representatives or agents for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation for legal, tax or investment advice, with respect to this investment, the Insider, CEMAC, the Assigned Securities, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

3.14. Reliance on Representations and Warranties. The Investor understands that the Assigned Securities are being offered and sold to the Investor in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Insider is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Investor set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

3.15. No General Solicitation. The Investor is not subscribing for Assigned Securities as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general advertising, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

3.16. Brokers. No broker, finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by the Investor in connection with the acquisition of the Assigned Securities nor is the Investor entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

3.17. No Other Representations and Warranties; Non-Reliance. Except for the specific representations and warranties contained in this Section 3 and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Investor has not made, does not hereby make and shall not be deemed to make any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Investor, and the Investor disclaims any such representation or warranty. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly made by the Insider in Section 4 of, and elsewhere in, this Agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Investor specifically disclaims that it is relying upon any other representations or warranties that may have been made by the Insider.

4. Representations and Warranties of the Insider. The Insider represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Investor that:

4.1. Power and Authority. The Insider is a limited liability company duly formed and validly existing and in good standing as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and possesses all requisite limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of the obligations required to be performed by the Insider hereunder, including the assignment, sale and transfer the Assigned Securities and the assignment of the Economic Interest.

4.2. Authority. All corporate action on the part of the Insider and its officers, directors and members necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Insider required pursuant hereto has been taken. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Insider and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Investor) constitutes the Insiders legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Insider in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

6

4.3. Title to Securities. The Insider is the record and beneficial owner of, and has good and marketable title to, the Assigned Securities and will, immediately prior to the transfer of the Assigned Securities to the Investor, be the record and beneficial owner of the Assigned Securities, in each case, free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts, proxies and other arrangements or restrictions of any kind (other than transfer restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the Founder Shares generally and applicable securities laws). The Assigned Securities are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The Assigned Securities to be transferred, when transferred to the Investor as provided herein, will be free and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, charges, claims, encumbrances, agreements, options, voting trusts, proxies and other arrangements or restrictions of any kind (other than applicable securities laws).

4.4. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Insider of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the certificate of formation or the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Insider (as amended from time to time, the Insider LLC Agreement), (ii) any agreement or instrument to which the Insider is a party or by which it is bound (including the Letter Agreement and the Insider LLC Agreement) or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Insider is subject or any order, judgment or decree to which the Insider is subject. The Insider is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, including the transfer of the Assigned Securities and assignment of the Economic Interest, in accordance with the terms hereof.

4.5. No General Solicitation. The Insider has not offered the Assigned Securities by means of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

4.6. Brokers. No broker, finder or intermediary has been paid or is entitled to a fee or commission from or by the Insider in connection with the sale of the Assigned Securities nor is the Insider entitled to or will accept any such fee or commission.

4.7. Transfer Restrictions. Until termination of this Agreement, the Insider agrees that if it transfers the Assigned Securities or any interest therein or right referencing or related thereto, that the person acquiring or receiving such right (the Recipient) to such Assigned Securities will acquire or receive such interest subject to the assignment of the economics to the Investor (which economics of the Investor shall be senior to those of the Recipient) and to the obligation to assign and transfer the Assigned Securities subject to this Agreement upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein. The Insider shall inform the Recipient of the obligations under this Agreement and such restrictions will transfer with the Assigned Securities.

4.8. Reliance on Representations and Warranties. The Insider understands and acknowledges that the Investor is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Insider set forth in this Agreement.

4.9. No Pending Actions. There is no action pending against the Insider or, to the Insiders knowledge, threatened against the Insider or the Company, before any court, arbitrator, or governmental authority, which in any manner challenges or seeks to prevent, enjoin or materially delay the performance by the Insider and/or the Company of its obligations under this Agreement.

4.10. No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the specific representations and warranties expressly contained in this Section 4 and elsewhere in this agreement and in any certificate or agreement delivered pursuant hereto, the Insider has not made, does not hereby make and shall not be deemed to make any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Insider, the Meeting, the Proposals or the assignment of Assigned Securities hereunder, and the Insider disclaims any such representation or warranty.

7

5. Intentionally Omitted. 

6. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. With respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, the undersigned irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court or, if such court does not have jurisdiction, the New York state courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, State of New York, which submission shall be exclusive.

7. Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment.

7.1. Assignment. Any assignment of this Agreement or any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder by either the Insider or the Investor to any person that is not an affiliate of such party shall require the prior written consent of the other party.

7.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them relating to the subject matter hereof.

7.3. Amendment. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

7.4. Binding upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

8. Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered, sent by email or other electronic transmission, provided that the sender does not receive a bounce-back reply of non-delivery, sent by courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal Express or another recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such notice to the other. Communications shall be deemed to have been received when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by mail, then three days after deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered (a) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the party has provided to receive notice; and (b) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to such party.

9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

10. Survival; Severability

10.1. Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby.

10.2. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

8

11. Headings. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

12. Disclosure; Waiver. In connection with the entry into this agreement, CEMAC will file (to the extent that it has not already filed) a Current Report on Form 8-K under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), reporting, to the extent not previously publicly disclosed, the material terms of this Agreement. The parties to this Agreement shall cooperate with one another to assure that such disclosure is accurate. CEMAC agrees that the name of the Investor shall not be included in any public disclosures related to this Agreement unless required by applicable law, rule, regulation or stock exchange rule. The Investor (i) acknowledges that the Insider may possess or have access to material non-public information which has not been communicated to the Investor; (ii) hereby waives any and all claims, whether at law, in equity or otherwise, that he, she, or it may now have or may hereafter acquire, whether presently known or unknown, against the Insider or any of CEMACs officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors or assigns relating to any failure to disclose any non-public information in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, including any potential business combination involving CEMAC, including without limitation, any claims arising under Rule 10-b(5) of the Exchange Act; and (iii) is aware that the Insider is relying on the truth of the representations set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement and the foregoing acknowledgement and waiver in this Section 12, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. CEMAC shall, by 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the first business day immediately following the date of the Meeting, issue one or more press releases or file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K (collectively, the Disclosure Document) disclosing, to the extent not previously publicly disclosed, all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other material, nonpublic information that CEMAC has provided to Investor at any time prior to the filing of the Disclosure Document. Upon the issuance of the Disclosure Document or the initial Form 8-K referred to in the first sentence of this Section 12, to CEMACs knowledge, Investor shall not be in possession of any material, nonpublic information received from CEMAC or any of its officers, directors or employees.

13. Independent Nature of Rights and Obligations. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any party pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investor and the Insider as, and the Insider acknowledges that the Investor and the Insider do not so constitute, a partnership, a limited partnership, a syndicate, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, including but not limited to for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of securities of CEMAC, or create a presumption that the Investor and the Insider are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters, and the Insider acknowledges that the Investor and the Insider are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Insider shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

14. Most Favored Nation. In the event the Insider or CEMAC has entered into or enters one or more other non-redemption agreements before or after the execution of this Agreement in connection with the Meeting, the Insider and CEMAC represent that the terms of such other agreements are not materially more favorable in the aggregate to such other investors thereunder than the terms of this Agreement are in respect of the Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Insider and CEMAC hereby acknowledge and agree that a ratio of Investor Shares to Assigned Securities in any such other non-redemption agreement that is more favorable to any other investor party to such other agreement than such ratio in this Agreement is to Investor would be materially more favorable to such other investor. In the event that another investor is afforded any such more favorable terms than the Investor, the Insider shall promptly inform the Investor of such more favorable terms in writing, and the Investor shall have the right to elect to have such more favorable terms included herein, in which case the parties hereto shall promptly amend this Agreement to effect the same.

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

INVESTOR 

FUNICULAR FUNDS, LP 

By: 

/s/ Jacob Ma-Weaver 

Name: 

Jacob Ma-Weaver 

Title: 

Managing Member of the GP 

COMPANY 

CAPITALWORKS EMERGING MARKETS ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Brian Coad 

Name: 

Brian Coad 

Title: 

CFO 

INSIDER: 

VIKASATI PARTNERS LLC 

By: 

/s/ Brian Coad 

Name: 

Brian Coad 

Title: 

Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Non-Redemption Agreement]

10

Exhibit A

Investor 

Assigned Securities / Economic Interest Assigned 

Number of Public Shares to be Held as Investor Shares

Funicular Funds, LP Address: 601 California Street, Suite 1151, San Francisco, CA 94108 

80,000 Class A Ordinary Shares 

200,000

Class A Ordinary Shares

SSN/EIN: 

11

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF JOINDER

TO

LETTER AGREEMENT

AND

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

February 27, 2025

Reference is made to that certain Non-Redemption Agreement and Assignment of Economic Interest, dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Agreement), by and among Funicular Funds, LP (Investor), Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp (the Company) and Vikasati Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Insider), pursuant to which Investor acquired securities of the Company from the Insider. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Agreement.

By executing this joinder, Investor hereby agrees, as of the date first set forth above, that Investor (i) shall become a party to that certain Letter Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, entered into by the Company and others in connection with the Companys initial public offering (as amended and as it exists on the date of the Agreement, the Letter Agreement), in accordance with Section 7 of the Letter Agreement, but shall not be bound by, and shall not, subject to the acknowledgment below be subject to the transfer restrictions set forth under, Section 7 of the Letter Agreement with respect to its Assigned Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the voting, Trust Account (as defined in the Letter Agreement) and liquidating distribution restrictions contained in the Letter Agreement (or any other restrictions contained therein) shall only apply to the Assigned Securities and not any Public Shares (including the Investor Shares), and that the obligations with respect to the Ordinary Shares referenced in Sections 1 and 2 of the Letter Agreement shall not apply to or restrict Investor, other than with respect to the Assigned Securities; and (ii) shall become a party to that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and among the Company and the other signatories thereto (as amended and as it exists on the date of the Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement), and shall be bound by the terms and provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement as a Holder (as defined therein) and entitled to the rights of a Holder under the Registration Rights Agreement and the Assigned Securities (together with any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Assigned Securities by way of a share dividend or share subdivision or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization) shall be Registrable Securities thereunder.

For the purposes of clarity, it is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained herein, in the Letter Agreement (to the extent applicable to Investor) and the Registration Rights Agreement is between the Company and Investor, solely, and not between and among Investor and the other shareholders of the Company signatory thereto.

This joinder may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by facsimile, all of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

INVESTOR 

FUNICULAR FUNDS, LP 

By: 

/s/ Jacob Ma-Weaver 

Name: 

Jacob Ma-Weaver 

Title: 

Managing Member of the GP 

COMPANY 

CAPITALWORKS EMERGING MARKETS ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Brian Coad 

Name: 

Brian Coad 

Title: 

CFO 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cmca-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cmca-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units Each Consisting Of One Class A Ordinary Share Par Value Dollar 0. 0001 Per Share And Onehalf Of One Redeemable Warrantt [Member] 

Class A Ordinary Shares Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Redeemable Warrants Included Aas Part Of The Units Each Whole War Exer For One Class A Ordinary Share At An Eexercise Price Of Dollar 11. 50 Per [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cmca-20250227_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cmca-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cmca-20250227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 27, 2025

Document Information Line Items 

Entity Registrant Name Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0001865248

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity File Number 001-41108

Entity Incorporation State Country Code E9

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1598114

Entity Address Address Line 1 44320 Osgood Road

Entity Address City Or Town Freemont

Entity Address State Or Province CA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 94539

City Area Code 202

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Local Phone Number 741-3677

Units Each Consisting Of One Class A Ordinary Share Par Value Dollar 0. 0001 Per Share And Onehalf Of One Redeemable Warrantt [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001, and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol CMCAU

Class A Ordinary Shares Par Value Per Share [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CMCAF

Redeemable Warrants Included Aas Part Of The Units Each Whole War Exer For One Class A Ordinary Share At An Eexercise Price Of Dollar 11. 50 Per [Member] 

Document Information Line Items 

Security 12b Title Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CMCAW

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cmca_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareParValueDollar0.0001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarranttMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cmca_ClassAOrdinarySharesParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cmca_RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAasPartOfTheUnitsEachWholeWarExerForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnEexercisePriceOfDollarPerMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cmca.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cmca-20250227.xsd 
cmca-20250227_cal.xml 
cmca-20250227_def.xml 
cmca-20250227_lab.xml 
cmca-20250227_pre.xml 
cmca_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001929980-25-000089-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cmca_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001865248 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001865248 

cmca:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareParValueDollar0.0001PerShareAndOnehalfOfOneRedeemableWarranttMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001865248 

cmca:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValuePerShareMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

0001865248 

cmca:RedeemableWarrantsIncludedAasPartOfTheUnitsEachWholeWarExerForOneClassAOrdinaryShareAtAnEexercisePriceOfDollarPerMember 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0001865248 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
Capitalworks Emerging Markets Acquisition Corp 
E9 
001-41108 
98-1598114 
44320 Osgood Road 
Freemont 
CA 
94539 
202 
741-3677 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001, and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
CMCAU 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CMCAF 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CMCAW 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>