<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-004197.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-004197.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110094454
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-004197
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250109
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APA Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841666
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				861430562
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40144
		FILM NUMBER:		25520898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713.296.6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 W SAM HOUSTON PKWY S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d836159d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

APA Corpfalse000184166600018416662025-01-092025-01-09

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 9, 2025

APA CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40144 86-1430562

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy. S., Suite 200

Houston, Texas77042-3643

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (713)296-6000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.625 par value APA Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On January 9, 2025, the Management Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of APA Corporation (the Company) approved both a new form of Performance Share Program Agreement (the Performance Share Program Agreement) and a new form of Stock Option Award Agreement (the Option Award Agreement, and, together with the Performance Share Program Agreement, the Award Agreements). Pursuant to the Award Agreements, the Company will award performance shares (Performance Shares) and stock options to purchase shares of the Companys common stock, respectively, to the Companys executive officers under the Companys 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended. 

The Performance Share Program Agreement mirrors the Companys previous form of performance share program agreement, except that the Performance Share Program Agreement provides that vesting of the Performance Shares is based on two individually weighted measures of performance: Relative Total Shareholder Return (60%) and Cash Return on Invested Capital (40%). 

The Option Award Agreement mirrors the Companys previous form of stock option award agreement utilized in 2018, with updates based on amendments made to the previously issued stock option award agreements, which include, but are not limited to, revising the definition of Involuntary Termination. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Award Agreements do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by, the full text of the Performance Share Program Agreement and the Option Award Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Form of 2025 Performance Share Program Agreement (2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan), dated January 9, 2025. 

10.2 Form of 2025 Stock Option Award Agreement (2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan), dated January 9, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

APA CORPORATION

Date: January 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Rajesh Sharma

Rajesh Sharma

Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d836159dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

SCHEDULE A 

APA
Corporation 

2025 Performance Share Program Agreement 

GRANT NOTICE 

Participant Name: [Name]

Company: APA Corporation

Notice: A summary of the terms of your Conditional Grants of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and a Cash-Based Award for a formulaic amount and treated as a Performance Award (Cash Award) under the 2025
Performance Share Program is set out in this notice (the Grant Notice) but subject always to the terms of the APA Corporation 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended (the Plan) and the 2025 Performance Share
Program Agreement (the Agreement). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Grant Notice and the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the terms of the Plan and the Agreement shall prevail. The Conditional Grants
are both Cash-Based Awards under Section 10 of the Plan and are subject to the provisions of the Plan governing Performance Awards.

You have been granted Conditional Grants of RSUs and the Cash Award in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement.

Details of the RSUs and the Cash Award that you are conditionally entitled to receive are provided to you in this Grant Notice and maintained on your account at netbenefits.fidelity.com.

Type of Award: Conditional grants of RSUs (for the TSR performance measure) and the Cash Award (for the CROIC performance measure) based on a target percentage of annual base salary determined at the beginning of the Performance Period derived
from job level (each, a Conditional Grant).

Restricted Stock Unit: A Restricted Stock Unit as defined in the Plan and meaning the right granted to you of the Conditional Grant, as adjusted at the end of the Performance Period, to receive one share of Stock or the cash equivalent thereof for each
RSU at the end of the specified Vesting Period.

Cash Award: A Cash-Based Award as defined in the Plan and meaning the right granted to you of the Conditional Grant, as adjusted at the end of the Performance Period, to receive a formulaic amount of cash at the end of the specified Vesting
Period.

Stock: The $0.625 par value common stock of the Company or as otherwise defined in the Plan.

Grant: Conditional Grants related to [NUMBER] Restricted Stock Units (Target RSUs) and the $[AMOUNT] Cash Award (Target Cash Award).

Grant Date: [Date]

Page 1 of 21 

Conditions: Subject always to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, the Conditional Grants of RSUs and the Cash Award shall be made as of the Grant Date. At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall derive and
confirm the number of Conditional Grant RSUs that will actually be awarded as RSUs and the dollar amount of the Conditional Grant Cash Award that will actually be awarded in cash to you based upon measurement of the specific performance goals,
applicable performance percentage levels, and applicable weighting percentages during the Performance Period as set forth in Schedule B to the Agreement, provided that you remain an Eligible Person and employed by the Company or its Affiliate as of
the final day of the Performance Period. Once granted at the conclusion of the Performance Period, such RSUs and the Cash Award shall remain subject to a vesting schedule (as set forth below) (the Vesting Period). Once vested, you
shall be paid the value of your RSUs in cash and the cash amount of the Cash Award (in each case, net of cash withheld for applicable tax withholdings) if you remain employed as an Eligible Person during the Vesting Period including the vesting
date.

Performance Measure: The performance measures for the Conditional Grants, the performance percentage levels, and the applicable weighting percentages to be applied over the Performance Period are set forth on Schedule B to the
Agreement.

At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine and certify the attainment of each performance goal based on the established performance percentage levels and apply the applicable weighting
percentages to determine the Final RSU Amount and the Final Cash Award Amount to be awarded to you.

Performance Period: The three-year period commencing January 1, 2025, and ending December 31, 2027.

Vesting Period: Except upon a change of control (as described below), death or Disability (as described below), or Retirement (as described below), cessation of employment during the Performance Period shall result in the immediate
forfeiture of the entire amount of the Conditional Grants. Any such RSUs and Cash Award awarded shall vest in accordance with the following schedule (the Vesting Period), if you remain employed as an Eligible Person as of such
vesting date:

Vesting Date Percentage

Vested

First trading day following the close of the Performance Period 50%

First trading day on or after the anniversary of the first trading day following the close of the
Performance Period Additional 50%

Except as described below, cessation of employment will result in the immediate forfeiture of all unvested RSUs and the Cash Award.

Upon such vesting, the applicable amount of cash, subject to required tax withholding, shall be paid by the Company to you within sixty (60) days of such vesting date.

Vesting is accelerated to 100% upon your death or cessation of employment by reason of Disability during the Performance Period or the subsequent Vesting Period (or, only in the case of death, while treated as an
Eligible Person following Retirement, as described herein). Upon your death or cessation of employment by reason of Disability during the Performance Period, (i) the Target RSUs shall vest and (ii) the Target Cash Award shall vest. Upon
such vesting, the applicable amount of cash, subject to required tax withholding, shall be paid by the Company to your designated beneficiary, legal representatives, heirs, or legatees, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the
Agreement. You can name a beneficiary on a form approved by the Committee.

Page 2 of 21 

Vesting is accelerated to 100% upon your Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause occurring (i) on or after a Change of Control which occurs on or before the end of the Performance Period, if you are an
Eligible Person at the time of such termination, with (a) vesting of the Target RSUs and (b) vesting of the Target Cash Award, or (ii) on or after a Change of Control which occurs after completion of the Performance Period. Upon such
vesting, the applicable amount of cash, subject to required tax withholding, shall be paid by the Company to you within thirty (30) days of such vesting date.

If, after the first three (3) months of the Performance Period (and not before), your termination of employment from the Company and the Affiliates occurs by reason of your Retirement, you shall be deemed to continue to be
employed as an Eligible Person for purposes of this Conditional Grant and shall continue to vest with respect to a specified percentage of RSUs and the Cash Award over the Vesting Period, if you meet the Retirement conditions set forth in section 6
of the Agreement. In the event of a Change of Control after you retire during the period commencing on the first day following the first three (3) months of the Performance Period and ending on the last day of the Vesting Period, vesting is
accelerated to 100% for you upon the occurrence of the Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control prior to your termination of employment by reason of Retirement and after the first three (3) months of the Performance Period and
ending on the last day of the Vesting Period, you shall become 100% vested upon your termination of employment by reason of Retirement. Unless expressly otherwise provided in the Agreement with respect to Retirement and Change of Control, the
applicable amount of cash, subject to required tax withholding, shall be paid by the Company to you upon the earlier to occur of a 409A Change of Control or the normal vesting dates (in the applicable percentage amounts). Payment shall be made
within thirty (30) days of a 409A Change of Control or within sixty (60) days of the normal vesting dates, whichever is applicable.

Withholding: The Company and you will comply with all federal and state laws and regulations respecting the required withholding, deposit, and payment of any income, employment, or other taxes relating to the Conditional Grants.

Clawback: These Conditional Grants are subject to the Companys Executive Compensation Clawback Policy (a copy of which is provided with this Notice) and the recoupment and reimbursement policies as provided in the Agreement.

Dividends on RSUs: The Company will credit each of your Conditional Grant RSUs and RSUs, as applicable, with Dividend Equivalents. For purposes of this Conditional Grant, a Dividend Equivalent is an amount equal to the cash dividend payable per share
of Stock multiplied by the number of shares of Stock then underlying such outstanding Conditional Grant RSUs or RSUs, as applicable. Such amount will be credited to a book entry account on your behalf at the time the Company pays any cash dividend
on its Stock. Your rights in any such Dividend Equivalents will vest at the same time as, and only to the extent that, the underlying Conditional Grant RSUs or RSUs, as applicable, vest and will be distributed at the same time in cash (subject to
applicable withholdings), and only to the extent, as the related RSUs are

Page 3 of 21 

to be distributed to you as provided in the Agreement and to which such Dividend Equivalents apply. Dividend Equivalents on Conditional Grant RSUs will accrue and be credited by the Company but will be subject to the same
performance goals, applicable performance percentage levels and applicable weighting percentages as the related Conditional Grant RSUs. Dividend Equivalents (as so adjusted) will not be paid to you until you become vested in the related RSUs granted
at the end of the Performance Period and will be forfeited in the event of the forfeiture and cancellation of the related Conditional Grant RSUs and RSUs pursuant to the Agreement.

Acceptance: Please complete the on-line grant acceptance as promptly as possible to accept or reject your Conditional Grants. You can access this through your account at netbenefits.fidelity.com. By
accepting your Conditional Grants, you will have agreed to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, including, but not limited to, the non-compete and
non-disparagement provisions set forth in sections 6 and 7 of the Agreement, and the terms and conditions of the Plan. If you do not accept your grant, your Conditional Grants and the related RSUs and the Cash
Award will not vest and you will be unable to receive your Conditional Grants or the related RSUs and the Cash Award.

Page 4 of 21 

SCHEDULE B 

APA Corporation 

2025
Performance Share Program Agreement 

PERFORMANCE MEASURES 

Performance Goals: 1. Total Shareholder Return

At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall derive and confirm a portion of the number of Conditional Grant RSUs that will actually be awarded as RSUs to you based upon measurement of total shareholder return
(TSR) of Stock as compared to a designated Peer Group during the Performance Period, if you remain an Eligible Person and employed by the Company or its Affiliate as of the final day of the Performance Period.

TSR is determined by dividing (i) the sum of the cumulative amount of a companys or index funds dividends for the performance period (assuming same-day reinvestment into the
companys common stock or index fund on the ex-dividend date) and the share price of the company or index fund at the end of the performance period minus the share price at the beginning of the
performance period by (ii) the share price at the beginning of the performance period.

Begin Price: Average per share closing price of a share or share
equivalent on the applicable stock exchange for the three calendar months immediately preceding the beginning of the performance period

End Price: Average per share closing price of a share or share
equivalent on the applicable stock exchange for the last three calendar months of the performance period

Dividends: Includes dividends paid throughout performance
period

Designated Peer Group:

Antero Resources Corporation

Chevron Corporation

Chord Energy Corporation

Civitas Resources, Inc.

ConocoPhillips Company

Coterra Energy Inc.

Devon Energy Corporation

Diamondback Energy, Inc.

EOG Resources, Inc.

EQT Corporation

Expand Energy Corporation

Exxon Mobil Corporation

Magnolia Oil & Gas
Corporation

Matador
Resources Company

Murphy
Oil Corporation

Occidental Petroleum Corporation

Ovintiv Inc.

Permian Resources
Corporation

Page 5 of 21 

Range Resources Corporation

SM Energy Company

S&P 500 Index

S&P 500
Index

APAs performance over the three-year performance period will be directly
ranked within the peer group, resulting in the application of a single multiplier to the target shares to derive the number of shares awarded. The multiplier will range from 0.0 to 2.0 based on the ranking achieved in the table set forth in the
Measurement section below.

Should consolidation among peers in the marketplace occur, the ranking
schedule would adjust to accommodate the reduced number of peers.

2. Business Performance

The Committee shall derive and confirm a portion of the Conditional Grant Cash Award that will be awarded as cash to you based upon a performance target determined at the beginning of the Performance Period related to the following
criteria:

Cash Return on Invested Capital (CROIC)

Performance is measured based on the three-year average relative to target.

Weighting and Targets: The Committee will consider each of the above performance measures related to the Company as follows:

Metric Weighting Threshold Target Max

TSR 60% 20th Between 11th and 12th 1st 3rd

CROIC 40% 50% 100% 200%

Measurement: 1. Total Shareholder Return

At the conclusion of the three-year performance period, a calculation of TSR performance will be made and confirmed. The TSR portion of the total Target RSUs will be determined based upon the final TSR performance as
follows:

Rank Against Peers 

Payout Multiple

1 2.00

2 2.00

3 2.00

4 1.80

5 1.71

6 1.63

7 1.54

8 1.46

9 1.37

10 1.29

11 1.15

12 0.95

13 0.86

Page 6 of 21 

Rank Against Peers 

Payout Multiple

14 0.76

15 0.67

16 0.57

17 0.48

18 0.39

19 0.29

20 0.20

21 0.00

22 0.00

23 0.00

If APAs absolute TSR for the three-year performance period is negative, the TSR portion of the total Target RSUs will be capped at the 1.00 Payout Multiple, regardless of whether the Rank Against Peers above achieved a higher
Payout Multiple.

2. Business Performance

CROIC will be evaluated over the three-year Performance Period against a performance target determined prior to March 31 at the
beginning of the performance period. Performance will be measured based on the three-year average relative to target. The payout of the Cash Award will be determined based upon the three-year average CROIC.

The three-year average performance for CROIC will be interpolated as follows to
determine the final achievement percentage for each metric.

Threshold 

Target 

Max

50% 100% 200%

Page 7 of 21 

APA Corporation 

2025 Performance Share Program Agreement 

This 2025 Performance Share Program Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice, is made between
APA Corporation (together with its Affiliates, the Company) and the Participant set forth in the Grant Notice. The Grant Notice is included in and made part of this Agreement. 

In this Agreement and the Grant Notice, unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan except
as herein defined. 

Definitions 

409A Change of Control means a Change of Control that constitutes, with respect to APA Corporation, a change in the ownership or
effective control of the corporation, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the corporation within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code) and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5).

Base Salary
means, with regard to any Participant, such Participants annual base compensation as an employee of the Company determined immediately prior to the beginning of the Performance Period, without regard to any bonus, pension, profit sharing,
stock option, life insurance or salary continuation plan which the Participant either receives or is otherwise entitled to have paid on his or her behalf. 

Conditional Grant means the conditional entitlement, evidenced by this Agreement to receive all or a portion of the Target RSUs and the
Target Cash Award and the Final RSU Amount and Final Cash Award Amount, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

Disability or Disabled means the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any
medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. Participant agrees that a final and binding
determination of Disability will be made by the Companys representative under the Companys group long-term disability plan or any successor thereto or, if there is no such representative and there is a dispute as to the
determination of Disability, it will be decided in a court of law in Harris County, Texas. 

Fair Market Value means the
fair market value of a share of the Stock as determined by the Committee by the reasonable application of such reasonable valuation method, consistently applied, as the Committee deems appropriate; provided, however, that if the Committee has
not made such determination, such fair market value shall be the per share closing price of the Stock as reported on Nasdaq or on such other exchange or electronic trading system as, on the date in question, reports the largest number of traded
shares of stock; provided further, however, that, if there are no Stock transactions on such date, the Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the immediately preceding date on which there were Stock transactions. 

Final Amount means with regard to any Participant, the sum of (i) an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of
Stock underlying the Final RSU Amount and related Dividend Equivalents and (ii) the amount of cash equal to the Final Cash Award Amount. 

Final Cash Award Amount means with regard to any Participant, the Target Cash Award, as specified in each Participants Grant Notice,
times the applicable multiple factor determined under the Performance Measures at the end of the Performance Period. 

Final RSU Amount
means with regard to any Participant, the number of Target RSUs, as specified in each Participants Grant Notice, times the applicable multiple factor determined under the Performance Measures at the end of the Performance Period. 

Page 8 of 21 

Grant Notice means the separate notice, attached as Schedule A hereto, along with
Schedule B, given to the Participant specifying the Target RSUs and Target Cash Award and other applicable performance percentage levels, performance criteria, and applicable weighting percentages for that Participant. 

Involuntary Termination means the termination of employment of the Participant by the Company or its successor or an applicable Affiliate
for any reason on or after a Change of Control; provided, that the termination does not result from an act of the Participant that (a) constitutes common-law fraud, a felony, or a gross malfeasance
of duty and (b) is materially detrimental to the best interests of the Company or its successor; provided that, notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, an Involuntary Termination shall not be deemed to occur
solely because a Participant transfers employment from the Company to an Affiliate, from an Affiliate to the Company, or from one Affiliate to another Affiliate. 

Participant means an Eligible Person who has been designated to receive one or more Conditional Grants in accordance with the Plan. For
purposes of this Agreement, the group of Eligible Persons shall include all full-time and designated part-time employees of the Company who are employed as employees of the Company (as designated by the Company for payroll purposes), but excluding
Egyptian nationals employed outside of the United States, employees categorized by the Company (for payroll purposes) as non-exempt support and field staff, leased employees, interns, or any employee of the
Company who is covered under a collective bargaining agreement, unless such collective bargaining agreement specifically provides for coverage under the Plan. 

Payout Amount means the vested portion of the Final Amount. 

Peer Group means the group of companies or index funds selected by the Committee for purposes of this Agreement as set forth in the Grant
Notice. Should consolidation among any Peer Group companies in the marketplace occur during the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the appropriate adjustments to accommodate the reduced number of Peer Group companies for the
Performance Period. Should a Change of Control of APA Corporation occur during the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the appropriate adjustments to measure APA Corporations TSR for the Performance Period. The Peer Group
companies for any particular Performance Period shall be determined at the commencement of such Performance Period. 

Performance
Measures means, as set forth in the Grant Notice, (i) APA Corporations TSR over the Performance Period compared to the TSR of the Companys Peer Group over the Performance Period, (ii) APA Corporations
achievement of pre-established performance goals over the Performance Period, or (iii) APA Corporations achievement of pre-established ESG goals over the
Performance Period, as applicable. For purposes of determining TSR performance, at the end of the Performance Period, the Peer Group companies and the Company will be ranked together based on their TSR for the Performance Period from the highest TSR
being number 1 to the lowest TSR being the number of Peer Group companies or index funds, including the Company, remaining in the group at the end of the Performance Period. Based on the Companys relative TSR rank amongst the Peer Group
companies or index funds for the Performance Period, a Participant who remains employed as of the last day of the Performance Period will be issued RSUs at the close of the Performance Period as determined by the Companys percentile rank as
set forth in the Grant Notice (the Final Amount). At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall also determine and certify the levels of other specific performance goals achieved and apply the applicable performance percentage levels and
weighting percentages as set forth in the Grant Notice. Based on the Companys level of goal achievement, a Participant who remains employed as of the last day of the Performance Period will be issued RSUs and the Cash Award, as applicable, on
the day following the close of the Performance Period as determined by the Committee as set forth in the Grant Notice (the Final Amount). 

Performance Period means the three-year period as specified in the Grant Notice. 

Plan means the APA Corporation 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended. 

Page 9 of 21 

Retirement means, with respect to a Participant and for purposes of this Agreement, the
date the Participant terminates employment with the Company after attaining (a) age 55 and (b) a certain combination of age and Years of Service set forth in the Matrix in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Target Cash Award means, with regard to any Participant, such amount of the Cash Award as specified in each Participants Grant
Notice. The amount of such Target Cash Award shall be based upon a target percentage of annual Base Salary determined at the beginning of the Performance Period derived from job level. 

Target RSUs means, with regard to any Participant, such number of RSUs as specified in each Participants Grant Notice. The number of
such Target RSUs shall be based upon a target percentage of annual Base Salary determined at the beginning of the Performance Period derived from job level. 

Total Shareholder Return or TSR is determined by dividing (i) the sum of the cumulative amount of a companys
dividends for the Performance Period (assuming same-day reinvestment into the companys common stock on the ex-dividend date) and the share price of the company at
the end of the Performance Period minus the share price at the beginning of the Performance Period, by (ii) the share price at the beginning of the Performance Period. The share price at the beginning of the Performance Period is the average
per share closing price of a share or share equivalent on the applicable stock exchange for the three calendar months immediately preceding the beginning of the Performance Period, and the share price at the end of the Performance Period is the
average per share closing price of a share or share equivalent on the applicable stock exchange for the last three calendar months of the Performance Period. 

Voluntary Termination with Cause occurs upon a Participants separation from service of his or her own volition and one or more of the
following conditions occurs without the Participants consent on or after a Change of Control: 

(a) 

There is a material diminution in the Participants base compensation, compared to his or her rate of base
compensation on the date of the Change of Control. 

(b) 

There is a material diminution in the Participants authority, duties, or responsibilities.

(c) 

There is a material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the Participants
supervisor, such as a requirement that the Participant (or his or her supervisor) report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the board of directors. 

(d) 

There is a material diminution in the budget over which the Participant retains authority.

(e) 

There is a material change in the geographic location at which the Participant must perform his or her service,
including, for example the assignment of the Participant to a regular workplace that is more than 50 miles from his or her regular workplace on the date of the Change of Control. 

The Participant must notify the Company of the existence of one or more adverse conditions specified in clauses (a) through (e) above within 90 days of
the initial existence of the adverse condition. The notice must be provided in writing to the Company or its successor, attention: Head of Human Resources. The notice may be provided by personal delivery or it may be sent by email, inter-office
mail, regular mail (including certified), fax, or any similar method. The Companys Head of Human Resources or his or her delegate shall acknowledge receipt of the notice within 5 business days; the acknowledgement shall be sent to the
Participant by certified mail. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, if the Company remedies the adverse condition within 30 days of being notified of the adverse condition, no Voluntary Termination with Cause shall occur.

Page 10 of 21 

Years of Service means the total number of months from the Participants date of
hire by the Company to the date of termination of employment, plus any months required to be recognized under an appropriate acquisition agreement, divided by 12. 

Terms 

1. 

Conditional Grant of RSUs and Cash Award. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions
of the Plan and Grant Notice, the Company shall conditionally grant to the Participant, pursuant to the Plan, the right to receive the Target RSUs and the Target Cash Award. Such Target RSUs and Target Cash Award shall be adjusted to a Final RSU
Amount and Final Cash Award Amount at the end of the Performance Period based upon the results of the applicable Performance Measures, as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Target RSUs and Target Cash Award shall be
adjusted to a Final RSU Amount and Final Cash Award Amount at the conclusion of the Performance Period solely for each Participant who remains employed or is deemed to be employed on account of Retirement as of the last day of the Performance
Period. The award of the Final Amount shall give the Participant the right, upon vesting, to receive an amount of cash equal to the sum of (a) the Fair Market Value of an equal number of shares of $0.625 par value common stock of the Company
(Stock) to that of the number of RSUs comprising the Final RSU Amount and (b) an amount of cash equal to the Cash Award comprising the Final Cash Award Amount. 

2. 

Vesting and Payment of Cash. Subject to the provisions of sections 3, 4, and 5, the Payout Amounts shall
be payable in increments strictly in accordance with the schedule set forth in the Grant Notice; provided that the Participant remains employed as an Eligible Person on such applicable vesting dates. Except as otherwise provided herein, such
cash, subject to applicable withholding, shall be paid by the Company to the Participant within sixty (60) days of such vesting date. 

3. 

Termination of Employment, Retirement, Death, or Disability prior to the end of the Performance Period.
Except as set forth below, a cessation of employment with the Company prior to the end of the Performance Period will result in the Target RSUs and Target Cash Award being forfeited for all purposes. 

(a) 

If the Participant dies while employed by the Company regardless of whether Participant has accepted the
Conditional Grants, or if the Participant is no longer employed by the Company by reason of Disability (as defined in this Agreement), during the Performance Period, the Participant shall be entitled to an amount equal to the Target RSUs and the
Target Cash Award and shall become 100% vested therein. Payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event (i) in the case of death, shall the payment occur later than the last day of the calendar year following the
calendar year in which such death occurs or (ii) in the case of cessation of employment by reason of Disability, shall the payment occur later than thirty (30) days following the date upon which the Participant is Disabled and is no longer
employed by the Company. If clause (ii) is applicable and the payment period spans two consecutive calendar years, payment shall be made in the second calendar year of such consecutive calendar years. Such payment shall be made to the
Participants designated beneficiary, legal representatives, heirs, or legatees, as applicable. Each Participant may designate a beneficiary on a form approved by the Committee. 

(b) 

If the Participant leaves the employment of the Company by reason of Retirement after the first three
(3) months of the Performance Period (and not before) and prior to the end of the Performance Period, any Final RSU Amount and any Final Cash Award Amount not previously vested shall continue to vest following the Participants termination
of employment by reason of Retirement as if the Participant remained an Eligible Person in the employ of the Company until the vesting dates set forth in section 2 above, provided that such Participant shall be entitled to continue vesting,
but only if such Participant satisfies the Retirement conditions set forth in section 6 below (except in the case of death) and only with respect to the specified percentage of any such unvested Final RSU Amount or Final Cash Award Amount set forth
in Exhibit A for a certain combination of age and Years of Service attained by the 

Page 11 of 21 

Participant as of the Participants Retirement under the Matrix set forth in Exhibit A. An amount of cash equal to the sum of (i) the Fair Market Value of an equal number of shares of
Stock and (ii) an amount of cash equal to the Cash Award, in each case, that vests pursuant to this section 3(b) and subject to applicable withholding, shall be paid by the Company to the Participant who is retired, within sixty (60) days
of such vesting date. 

4. 

Termination of Employment, Retirement, Death or Disability after the end of the Performance Period.
Except as set forth below, each Conditional Grant shall be subject to the condition that the Participant has remained an Eligible Person from the award of the Conditional Grant of RSUs and the Cash Award until the applicable vesting date as follows:

(a) 

If the Participant voluntarily leaves the employment of the Company (other than for reason of
Retirement), or if the employment of the Participant is terminated by the Company for any reason or no reason, any Final Amounts not previously vested shall thereafter be void and forfeited for all purposes. 

(b) 

A Participant shall become 100% vested in any Final RSU Amount and any Final Cash Award Amount on the
date the Participant dies while employed by the Company regardless of whether Participant has accepted the Conditional Grant (or while continuing to vest pursuant to section 4(c) below), or on the date the Participant is no longer employed by the
Company by reason of Disability. Payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event (i) in the case of death, shall the payment occur later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which
such death occurs or (ii) in the case of cessation of employment by reason of Disability, shall the payment occur later than thirty (30) days following the date the Participant is determined to be Disabled and is no longer employed by the
Company. If clause (ii) is applicable and the payment period spans two consecutive calendar years, payment shall be made in the second calendar year of such consecutive calendar years. Such payment shall be made to the Participants
designated beneficiary, legal representatives, heirs, or legatees, as applicable. Each Participant may designate a beneficiary on a form approved by the Committee. 

(c) 

If the Participant leaves the employment of the Company by reason of Retirement after the end of the
Performance Period, any Final RSU Amount and any Final Cash Award Amount not previously vested shall continue to vest following the Participants termination of employment by reason of Retirement after the end of the Performance Period as if
the Participant remained an Eligible Person in the employ of the Company until the vesting date set forth in section 2 above, provided that such Participant shall be entitled to continue vesting only if such Participant satisfies the
Retirement conditions set forth in section 6 below (except in the case of death) and only with respect to the specified percentage of such unvested Final Amounts set forth in Exhibit A for a certain combination of age and Years of Service attained
by the Participant as of the Participants Retirement under the Matrix set forth in Exhibit A. An amount of cash equal to the sum of (i) the Fair Market Value of an equal number of shares of Stock and (ii) an amount of cash equal to
the Cash Award, in each case, that vests pursuant to this section 4(c) and subject to applicable withholding, shall be paid by the Company to the Participant who is retired, within sixty (60) days of such vesting date. 

5. 

Change of Control. 

(a) 

Pursuant to Section 13.1(c)(iii) and (d) of the Plan, the following provisions of this section
5 of the Agreement shall supersede Sections 13.1(a), (b) and (c) of the Plan. Without any further action by the Committee or the Board, in the event of the Participants Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause occurring
(i) on or after a Change of Control and (ii) prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Participant shall become 100% vested as of the date of such Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause in the Target RSUs and the
Target Cash Award. Subject to section 12(b) of this Agreement, payment shall occur within thirty (30) days of the date of such Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause, subject to required tax withholding.

Page 12 of 21 

(b) 

In the event of a Participants Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause
occurring on or after a Change of Control that occurs after the end of the Performance Period, the Participant shall become 100% vested in the Final RSU Amount and the Final Cash Award Amount as of the date of such Involuntary Termination or
Voluntary Termination with Cause. Subject to section 12(b) of this Agreement, payment shall occur within thirty (30) days of the date of such Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause, subject to required tax withholding.

(c) 

In the event of a Change of Control following the Participants termination of employment by reason
of Retirement, after the first three (3) months of the Performance Period and ending on the last day of the Vesting Period, the Participant, shall become 100% vested in the unvested Final RSU Amount and the unvested Final Cash Award Amount,
each as of the date of the Change of Control. Subject to section 12(b) of this Agreement, payment shall occur within thirty (30) days of a 409A Change of Control provided that if no 409A Change of Control occurs during the Performance
Period, nor during the period of continued vesting as set forth in section 3(b) and 4(c) of this Agreement, then the Final Amount shall be paid by the Company to the Participant who is retired, within sixty (60) days of the vesting dates (in
the applicable percentage amounts) set forth in section 2 of this Agreement, subject to required tax withholding. In the event of a Change of Control prior to the Participants termination of employment by reason of Retirement and after the
first three (3) months of the Performance Period and ending on the last day of the Vesting Period, the Participant shall become 100% vested in the unvested Final RSU Amount and the unvested Final Cash Award Amount, each as of the date that the
Participant terminates employment by reason of Retirement. For the purpose of vesting as set forth in the prior sentence, a Participants Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause after a Change of Control shall be deemed a
termination by reason of Retirement. Subject to section 12(b) of this Agreement, if the Participant terminates employment by reason of Retirement after a Change of Control, the Participant shall receive payment with respect to 100% of the Final
Amount within sixty (60) days of the vesting dates (in the applicable percentage amounts) as set forth in section 2 of this Agreement, subject to required tax withholding. 

6. 

Conditions to Post-Retirement Vesting. 

(a) 

Continued Vesting. If the Participant has attained age 55 and a certain combination of age
and Years of Service set forth in the Matrix in Exhibit A attached hereto and terminates employment with the Company and the Affiliates by reason of Retirement after the first three (3) months of the Performance Period, it is agreed by the
Company and the Participant that, subject to the provisions of this section 6(a) and section 6(b), such Participant shall continue to vest in the specified percentage of the unvested Final RSU Amount and the Final Cash Award Amount set forth in
Exhibit A for the combination of age and Years of Service attained by such Participant as of his or her Retirement under the Matrix set forth in Exhibit A following the date of his or her termination by reason of Retirement as if the Participant
continued in employment, provided that the Grant Date of the unvested RSUs and the Cash Award is prior to such termination date in an amount of time which allows the Participant to provide the written notice as follows and the Participant has
provided advance written notice not before three (3) months following the Grant Date and not less than the number of months prior to such termination date as set forth in the schedule below to the Companys Head of Human Resources or his
or her delegate, and to his or her direct manager, regarding the Participants intent to terminate employment for reason of Retirement (the period commencing on the first day following the first three (3) months of the Performance Period
and ending on the last day of the Vesting Period being the Continued Vesting Period); provided, however, a Participant who is at least age 55 and attained the necessary combination of age and Years of Service under the
Matrix set forth in Exhibit A for Retirement need not provide such advance written notice of his or her intent to terminate employment by reason of Retirement if the Company elects to require such Participant to, or (as part of a reduction in force
or otherwise in writing in exchange for a written release) offers such Participant the opportunity to, terminate employment with the Company by reason of Retirement. 

Page 13 of 21 

Age 

Advance Written Notice

65 or older 3 months

between (and including) 55 and 64 6 months

(b) 

Restrictions. In consideration of the benefit provided under paragraph (a) above, it
is agreed by the Company and the Participant that, during the Continued Vesting Period, the Participant shall comply with the following restrictions. 

(i) 

No Competitive Business. The Participant shall refrain from becoming employed by, or
consulting with, or becoming substantially involved in the business of, any business that competes with the Company or its Affiliate in the business of exploration or production of oil or natural gas wherever from time to time conducted throughout
the world (a Competitive Business) and Participant shall provide to the Company, upon Companys request, (x) a written certification, in a form provided by or satisfactory to the Company, as to Participants
compliance with the forgoing conditions and/or (y) his/her U.S. Individual Income Tax Return for any return filed by the Participant which relates to any time during the Continued Vesting Period to allow the Company to verify that Participant
has complied with the foregoing conditions; provided, that the Participant may purchase and hold for investment purposes less than five percent (5%) of the shares of any Competitive Business whose shares are regularly traded on a national
securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, and provided further, that the Participant may provide services solely as a director of any Competitive Business whose shares are regularly traded on a national securities exchange or
inter-dealer quotation system if, during the Continued Vesting Period, (i) the Participant only attends board and board committee meetings, votes on recommendations of management, and discharges his/her fiduciary obligations under the law and
(ii) the Participant is not involved in, and does not advise or consult on, the marketing, government relations, customer relations, or the day-to-day management,
supervision, or operations of such Competitive Business. 

(ii) 

Non-Disparagement. The Participant shall refrain
from making, or causing or assisting any other person to make, any oral or written communication to any third party about the Company, any Affiliate and/or any of the employees, officers, or directors of the Company or any Affiliate which impugns or
attacks, or is otherwise critical of, the reputation, business, or character of such entity or person; or that discloses private or confidential information about their business affairs; or that constitutes an intrusion into their seclusion or
private lives; or that gives rise to unreasonable publicity about their private lives; or that places them in a false light before the public; or that constitutes a misappropriation of their name or likeness. 

(c) 

Failure to Comply and Future Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
section 6 of the Agreement, (i) in the event that the Participant fails to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above, the Participant shall not be entitled to vest in the specified percentage under the
Matrix set forth in Exhibit A in any unvested Final RSU Amount or the unvested Final Cash Award Amount after the date of Retirement and the unvested Final RSU Amount and the unvested Final Cash Award Amount subject to this Agreement shall be
forfeited and (ii) the Participant shall not have any right to continue to vest upon Retirement in any future awards granted under the Plan once the Participant provides the notice of Retirement as set forth in paragraph (a) above.

Page 14 of 21 

7. 

Prohibited Activity. In consideration for this Conditional Grant and except as permitted under section
6(b)(i) above, the Participant agrees not to engage in any Prohibited Activity while employed by the Company or within three years after the date of the Participants termination of employment. A Prohibited Activity will be
deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, if any of the following occur. 

(a) 

Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Participant divulges any non-public, confidential, or proprietary information of the Company, but excluding information that (i) becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of the Participants public use,
disclosure, or fault or (ii) becomes available to the Participant on a non-confidential basis after the Participants employment termination date from a source other than the Company prior to the
public use or disclosure by the Participant, provided that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement or otherwise prohibited from transmitting the information by contractual, legal, or fiduciary obligation.

(b) 

Competitive Business. The Participant, directly or indirectly, consults with or becomes
affiliated with, participates or engages in, or becomes employed by any business that is competitive with the Company, wherever from time to time conducted throughout the world, including situations where the Participant solicits or participates in
or assists in any way in the solicitation or recruitment, directly or indirectly, of any employees of the Company. 

(c) 

Disparagement. The Participant engages in publishing any oral or written statements about
the Company, and/or any of its directors, officers, or employees that are disparaging, slanderous, libelous, or defamatory; or that disclose private or confidential information about their business affairs; or that constitute an intrusion into their
seclusion or private lives; or that give rise to unreasonable publicity about their private lives; or that place them in a false light before the public; or that constitute a misappropriation of their name or likeness. 

8. 

Payment and Tax Withholding. Upon receipt of any entitlement to cash under this Agreement and, if
applicable, upon the Participants attainment of eligibility to terminate employment by reason of Retirement pursuant to section 4(c), the Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Company to provide for the amount of minimum tax
and social security withholding, if any, required by law, including without limitation Sections 3102 and 3402 or any successor section(s) of the Code and applicable state and local income and other tax laws. The payment of a Payout Amount shall be
based on the sum of (a) the Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock on the applicable date of vesting and (b) an amount of cash equal to the Cash Award to which such tax withholding relates. Where appropriate, cash shall be withheld by
the Company to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements rather than paid directly to the Participant. 

9. 

Non-Transferability of Conditional Grant and Unvested Final
Amount. The Conditional Grant and any unvested Final Amount shall not be transferable otherwise than by testamentary will or the laws of descent and distribution, or in accordance with a valid beneficiary designation on a form approved by the
Committee, subject to the conditions and exceptions set forth in Section 15.2 of the Plan. 

10. 

No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the RSUs, the Cash Award, or the cash payment pursuant to a
Conditional Grant nor any terms contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any express or implied right to be retained in the employment or service of the Company for any period, nor restrict in any way the right of the Company,
which right is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the Participants employment or service at any time for any reason or no reason. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that any right to receive RSUs, the Cash Award, or cash pursuant to
a Conditional Grant is earned only by continuing as an employee of the Company at the will of the Company, or satisfaction of any other applicable terms and conditions contained in the Plan and this Agreement, and not through the act of being hired,
being granted the Conditional Grant, or acquiring RSUs, the Cash Award, or cash pursuant to the Conditional Grant hereunder. 

Page 15 of 21 

11. 

The Plan. In consideration for these Conditional Grants, the Participant agrees to comply with the terms
of the Plan and this Agreement. This Agreement is subject to all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, and to such regulations as may from time to time be adopted by the Committee. The
Conditional Grants are Cash-Based Awards under Section 10 of the Plan and are subject to the provisions of the Plan governing Performance Awards. Unless defined herein, capitalized terms are used herein as defined in the Plan. In the event of
any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. The Plan and the prospectus describing the Plan can be found on the
Companys HR intranet and the Fidelity website (netbenefits.fidelity.com). A paper copy of the Plan and the prospectus shall be provided to the Participant upon the Participants written request to the Company at 2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy
S., Suite 200, Houston, Texas 77042, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

12. 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations. 

(a) 

Applicable Laws. The Conditional Grants and any obligation of the Company to deliver RSUs,
the Cash Award, and cash hereunder shall be subject in all respects to (i) all applicable laws, rules, and regulations and (ii) any registration, qualification, approvals, or other requirements imposed by any government or regulatory
agency or body which the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to be necessary or applicable. 

(b) 

Code Section 409A. These Conditional Grants are intended
to comply with, or be exempt from, the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the rules and regulations issued thereunder and shall be administered accordingly. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the
RSUs or Cash Award constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and any RSUs or the Cash Award become payable pursuant to the Participants termination of employment, settlement of the RSUs and the Cash Award
shall be delayed for a period of six months after the Participants termination of employment if the Participant is a specified employee as defined under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and if required pursuant to
Section 409A of the Code. If settlement of the RSUs and Cash Award is delayed, the RSUs and Cash Award shall be settled on the first day of the first calendar month following the end of the six-month
delay period. If the Participant dies during the six-month delay, the RSUs and Cash Award shall be settled and paid to the Participants designated beneficiary, legal representatives, heirs or legatees,
as applicable, as soon as practicable after the date of death. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, payments made with respect to these Conditional Grants may only be made in a manner and upon an event permitted by Section 409A
of the Code, and all payments to be made upon a termination of employment hereunder may only be made upon a separation from service, as such term is defined in Section 11.1 of the Plan. Participant shall not have any right to
determine a date of payment of any amount under this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended without the consent of the Participant in any respect deemed by the Board or the Committee to be necessary in order to preserve compliance with
Section 409A of the Code. If the Conditional Grant and this Agreement is subject to Section 409A of the Code and the rules and regulations issued thereunder, and, except as set forth in section 5(a), the vesting date shall be the
designated payment date or specified date under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(d).

13. 

Notices. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices by the Participant or the
Participants assignees shall be addressed to the Administrative Agent, Fidelity, through the Participants account at netbenefits.fidelity.com, or such other address as the Company may from time to time specify. All notices to the
Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participants address in the Companys records. 

14. 

Other Plans. The Participant acknowledges that any income derived from the Conditional Grant shall not
affect the Participants participation in, or benefits under, any other benefit plan or other contract or arrangement maintained by the Company or any Affiliate. 

Page 16 of 21 

15. 

Terms of Employment. The Plan is a discretionary plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that neither
the Plan nor this Agreement forms part of the Participants terms of employment and nothing in the Plan may be construed as imposing on the Company or any Affiliate a contractual obligation to offer participation in the Plan to any employee of
the Company or any Affiliate. The Company or any Affiliate is under no obligation to make further grants to any Participant under the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that if the Participant ceases to be an employee of the Company or any
Affiliate for any reason or no reason, the Participant shall not be entitled by way of compensation for loss of office or otherwise howsoever to any sum or other benefit to compensate the Participant for the loss of any rights under this Agreement
or the Plan. 

16. 

Data Protection. By accepting this Agreement (whether by electronic means or otherwise), the Participant
hereby consents to the holding and processing of personal data provided by the Participant to the Company for all purposes necessary for the operation of the Plan. These include, but are not limited to: 

(a) 

administering and maintaining Participant records; 

(b) 

providing information to any registrars, brokers, or third-party administrators of the Plan; and

(c) 

providing information to future purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant
works. 

17. 

Clawback Policy. If required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and/or by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, each Participants Award shall be conditioned on repayment or forfeiture in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the Companys Executive Compensation Clawback Policy is hereby
incorporated by reference and shall form a part of this Agreement and each Participants Award shall be subject to such Policy. In connection with an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial
reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would
result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, Awards and payments in connection with Awards granted under this Agreement may be subject to recovery and Participant may
be required to repay to the Company all or a portion of any Award or payments received in connection with any Award hereunder. In the event that the Company determines to seek recovery with respect to an Award under this Agreement, the Company will
determine the appropriate means of recovery, which may vary, without limitation, between Participants or based on the nature of the applicable incentive compensation, and which may involve, without limitation, establishing a deferred repayment plan
or set off against current or future compensation otherwise payable to an affected Participant. The amount of any applicable repayment shall be determined without regard to income taxes paid by the Participant or by the Company on the
Participants behalf in connection with such Award; provided, however, the Participant may be entitled, if allowed under applicable laws, rules, and regulations, to a deduction for the tax year within which such amounts are repaid, and
as a result, the timing of recovering the tax refund portion of such Award pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall (to the maximum extent practicable) be deferred to incorporate the timing of any such tax refund. 

18. 

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, and if any provision is held invalid or unenforceable with respect to particular circumstances, it shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect in all other circumstances, to the
fullest extent permitted by law. 

***** 

Page 17 of 21 

APA Corporation 

Executive Compensation Clawback Policy 

OUR POLICY 

The Company has adopted this Policy for the
purpose of complying with the applicable recoupment provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act). This Policy applies to Incentive Compensation that is Received by a Covered Individual on or after
October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date). 

Recoupment Trigger 

If the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, then the Company shall recover, reasonably promptly from each Covered Individual, any
Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was Received by such Covered Individual during the Look-Back Period. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Policy shall be deemed automatically and unilaterally amended to the minimum extent
necessary to comply with the applicable listing standards to which the Company is listed. 

The Committee may at any time suspend, amend, or terminate this
Policy to the minimum extent necessary to comply with applicable laws. The Committee has the sole discretion to interpret and enforce this Policy, which will be interpreted to be automatically amended to the minimum extent necessary to comply with
the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Acts clawback requirements. 

Enforcement and Impracticability 

The Committee shall recover any Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the
Committee in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Companys
securities are listed. To the extent the Committee determines to enforce recoupment, (i) the Committee shall provide the Covered Individual written notice of its intent to recoup Incentive Compensation under this Policy, along with a reasonable
timeline within which the Covered Individual must respond given all the applicable facts and circumstances, (ii) to the extent the Covered Individual does not intend to comply with such recoupment efforts, he or she must respond to the
Committee in writing detailing the reasons why non-compliance is warranted and such response must be provided to the Committee within fifteen (15) business days from the Covered Individual receiving the
Committees initial notice, and (iii) if the Committee disagrees with the Covered Individuals assertions, then the Committee must respond to the Covered Individual in writing detailing such reasons within the fifteen
(15) business days immediately following its receipt of the Covered Individuals written response. 

Means of Recovery 

With respect to recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and subject to the requirement that recovery be made reasonably promptly, the Committee will
determine the appropriate means of recovery, which may vary, without limitation, between Covered Individuals or based on the nature of the applicable Incentive Compensation, and which may involve, without limitation, establishing a deferred
repayment plan or set off against current or future compensation otherwise payable to the Covered Person. 

Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
will be made without regard to income taxes paid by the Covered Individual or by the Company on the Covered Individuals behalf in connection with such Erroneously Awarded Compensation; provided, however, the Covered Individual may be entitled
to a deduction (pursuant to the claim of right doctrine or Section 1341 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) for the tax year within which Erroneously Awarded Compensation is repaid, and as a result, the timing of
recovering the tax refund portion of Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to the foregoing sentence shall (to the maximum extent practicable) be deferred to incorporate the timing of any such tax refund. 

Page 18 of 21 

Compensation Not Covered by this Policy 

This Policy does not apply to Incentive Compensation that was Received before the Effective Date and does not apply to Incentive Compensation that was Received
by a Covered Individual before becoming a Covered Individual. 

No Indemnification or Company-Paid Insurances 

The Company will not indemnify or reimburse any Covered Individual against or for the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation and will not pay or reimburse
any Covered Individual for the purchase of a third-party insurance policy to fund potential recovery obligations. 

Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise provided above, the following definitions apply to this Policy: 

Accounting Restatement means a requirement that the Company prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any
financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or
that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. Changes to the Companys financial statements that do not represent error corrections are not an
Accounting Restatement, including (i) retrospective application of a change in accounting principle, (ii) retrospective revision to reportable segment information due to a change in the structure of the Companys internal
organization, (iii) retrospective reclassification due to a discontinued operation, (iv) retrospective application of a change in reporting entity, such as from a reorganization of entities under common control, and (v) retrospective
revision for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, or other changes in capital structure. 

Company means APA Corporation, a Delaware
corporation. 

Covered Individual means, whether former or current, the (i) named executive officers of the Company, (ii) each
executive officer of the Company (as such term is defined under Section 16 of the Exchange Act), and (iii) any other officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is designated by the Committee as being subject to this
Policy prior to the Companys discovery of the Accounting Restatement. 

Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Incentive
Compensation that was Received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had the amount of Incentive Compensation been determined based on the restated Financial Reporting Measures, computed without
regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Individual, reduced by the amount of such Incentive Compensation that is recovered by the Company from such Covered Individual pursuant to Section 304 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, any other law, rule or
regulation, or any other means. For Incentive Compensation based on total shareholder return or Company stock price, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in
an Accounting Restatement, the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation will be based on a reasonable estimate by the Committee of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive
Compensation was Received. The Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to Nasdaq if required. 

Page 19 of 21 

Financial Reporting Measures means (i) measures that are determined and presented in accordance
with the accounting principles used in preparing the Companys financial statements and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures (whether or not such measures are presented within the Companys financial
statements or included in a filing made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), (ii) Company stock price, and (iii) Company total shareholder return. 

Incentive Compensation means the following compensation to the extent earned, paid, granted, or vested wholly (or in part) upon the attainment of any
Financial Reporting Measure of the Company: a Covered Individuals cash bonus awarded under the Companys annual incentive plan and any equity-based awards granted pursuant to the Companys long-term incentive plans (including cash or
stock dividends paid on such equity-based awards). 

Look-Back Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the earlier of
(i) the date the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded,
that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. In addition, if there is a change in the
Companys fiscal year end, the Look-Back Period will also include any transition period to the extent required by Nasdaq Rule 5608. 

Received
means, with respect to Incentive Compensation of a Covered Individual, the fiscal year to which the Financial Reporting Measure is attained, irrespective of whether the Incentive Compensation is subject to additional time or non-financial performance vesting conditions. 

Page 20 of 21 

Exhibit A 

Page 21 of 21
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d836159dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

SCHEDULE A 

APA
Corporation 

Stock Option Award Agreement 

GRANT NOTICE 

Participant Name: [Name]

Company: APA Corporation

Notice: A summary of the terms of your grant of an option to purchase Shares (Option) is set out in this notice (the Grant Notice) but subject always to the terms of the APA Corporation 2016 Omnibus
Compensation Plan, as amended (the Plan) and the Stock Option Award Agreement (the Agreement). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Grant Notice and the terms of the Plan and the
Agreement, the terms of the Plan and the Agreement shall prevail.

You have been granted an Option to purchase Shares in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement.

Details of the Option are provided to you in this Grant Notice and maintained on your account at netbenefits.fidelity.com.

Type of Award: Non-Qualified Stock Option

Stock: The $0.625 par value common stock of the Company or as otherwise defined in the Plan.

Grant: Option Price per Share: $[AMOUNT]

Number of Shares subject to the Option: [NUMBER] Shares

Grant Date: [Date]

Exercisability: Subject to the terms of the Plan and the Agreement, your Option may be exercised on and after the vesting dates indicated below as to the percentage of Shares subject to your Option set forth below opposite each such date, plus any
Shares as to which your Option could have been exercised previously but was not so exercised.

Vesting Date Option Shares Vested

First anniversary of the Grant Date 1/3

Second anniversary of the Grant Date Additional 1/3

Third anniversary of the Grant Date Additional 1/3

Except as explained below, upon a termination of your employment with the Company or the Affiliates, your vesting period will expire and the Option, to the extent vested and exercisable at such termination date, will be exercisable
during the three-month period following your termination (a one-year period if your termination is due to a qualifying disability). However, if your employment is terminated by the Company or an Affiliate for
Cause, then any portion of the Option that has not been exercised as of such termination date will immediately terminate and be forfeited.

Page 1 of 10 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your termination of employment from the Company or the Affiliates occurs by reason of your Retirement:

(A) after attaining age 60, the Option, to the extent vested and exercisable at such Retirement date, will be
exercisable until the earlier to occur of (1) the third anniversary of such Retirement date or (2) the Expiration Date; or

(B) after attaining age 55 and a certain combination of age and Years of Service as set forth in the Matrix in Exhibit
A attached hereto, (1) you will be deemed to continue to be employed for purposes of vesting in this Option and you will continue to vest over the Vesting Period in a specified percentage of the Shares in which you will continue to vest after
Retirement and (2) to the extent vested and exercisable on or after such Retirement date, this Option will be exercisable for the number of Shares vested for purchase under this Option until the Expiration Date of this Option;

provided, in each case, that you meet the Retirement conditions set forth in section 5 of the Agreement.

Upon your death during the Vesting Period (or during the period that you continue to vest in connection with your Retirement as described above), your Option will become immediately fully exercisable by your designated beneficiary,
legal representatives, heirs, or legatees, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Agreement. You can name a beneficiary on a form approved by the Committee.

Vesting is accelerated to 100% upon your Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause occurring on or after a Change of Control during the Vesting Period. Vesting of your Option is accelerated to 100% upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control if you are continuing to vest in your Option following your termination by reason of Retirement as described above.

Expiration Date: Your Option will expire ten years from the Grant Date, subject to earlier termination as set forth in the Plan and the Agreement.

Acceptance: Please complete the on-line grant acceptance as promptly as possible to accept or reject your Option. You can access this through your account at netbenefits.fidelity.com. By accepting your
Option, you will have agreed to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, including, but not limited to, the non-compete and non-disparagement provisions set
forth in sections 5 and 6 of the Agreement, and the terms and conditions of the Plan. If you do not accept your grant, your Option will not vest and you will be unable to exercise your Option.

Page 2 of 10 

APA Corporation 

Stock Option Award Agreement 

This Stock
Option Award Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice, is made between APA Corporation (together with its Affiliates, the Company) and the Participant set forth in the
Grant Notice. The Grant Notice is included in and made part of this Agreement. 

In this Agreement and the Grant Notice, unless the context otherwise
requires, words and expressions shall have the meanings given to them in the Plan except as herein defined. 

Definitions 

Disability or Disabled means the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any
medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. Participant agrees that a final and binding
determination of Disability will be made by the Companys representative under the Companys group long-term disability plan or any successor thereto or, if there is no such representative and there is a dispute as to the
determination of Disability, it will be decided in a court of law in Harris County, Texas. 

Grant Notice means the separate
notice, attached as Schedule A hereto, given to the Participant specifying the number of Shares underlying the Option granted to the Participant (the Grant). 

Involuntary Termination means the termination of employment of the Participant by the Company or its successor or an applicable Affiliate
for any reason on or after a Change of Control; provided, that the termination does not result from an act of the Participant that (a) constitutes common-law fraud, a felony, or a gross malfeasance
of duty and (b) is materially detrimental to the best interests of the Company or its successor; provided that, notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, an Involuntary Termination shall not be deemed to occur
solely because a Participant transfers employment from the Company to an Affiliate, from an Affiliate to the Company, or from one Affiliate to another Affiliate. 

Plan means the APA Corporation 2016 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended. 

Retirement means, with respect to a Participant and for purposes of this Agreement, the date the Participant terminates employment with the
Company after (a) attaining age 60 or (b) attaining age 55 and a certain combination of age and Years of Service set forth in the Matrix in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Years of Service means the total number of months from the Participants date of hire by the Company or the Affiliates to the date of
termination of employment, plus any months required to be recognized under an appropriate acquisition agreement, divided by 12. 

Voluntary
Termination with Cause occurs upon a Participants separation from service of his or her own volition and one or more of the following conditions occurs without the Participants consent on or after a Change of Control: 

(a) 

There is a material diminution in the Participants base compensation, compared to his or her rate of base
compensation on the date of the Change of Control. 

(b) 

There is a material diminution in the Participants authority, duties, or responsibilities.

(c) 

There is a material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the Participants
supervisor, such as a requirement that the Participant (or his or her supervisor) report to a corporate officer or employee instead of reporting directly to the board of directors. 

Page 3 of 10 

(d) 

There is a material diminution in the budget over which the Participant retains authority.

(e) 

There is a material change in the geographic location at which the Participant must perform his or her service,
including, for example the assignment of the Participant to a regular workplace that is more than 50 miles from his or her regular workplace on the date of the Change of Control. 

The Participant must notify the Company of the existence of one or more adverse conditions specified in clauses (a) through (e) above within 90 days of
the initial existence of the adverse condition. The notice must be provided in writing to the Company or its successor, attention: Head of Human Resources. The notice may be provided by personal delivery or it may be sent by email, inter-office
mail, regular mail (including certified), fax, or any similar method. The Companys Head of Human Resources or his or her delegate shall acknowledge receipt of the notice within 5 business days; the acknowledgement shall be sent to the
Participant by certified mail. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, if the Company remedies the adverse condition within 30 days of being notified of the adverse condition, no Voluntary Termination with Cause shall occur.

Terms 

1. 

Grant of the Option. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan and
Grant Notice, the Company hereby grants to the Participant, pursuant to the Plan, the right and option (the Option) to purchase all or any part of the number of shares of $0.625 par value common stock of the Company
(Shares) set forth in the Grant Notice at the Option Price per Share and on the other terms as set forth in the Grant Notice. The Option is intended to be a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

2. 

Exercisability of the Option. The Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the
exercisability schedule and other terms set forth in the Grant Notice. The Option shall terminate on the Expiration Date (the Expiration Date) set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to earlier termination as set forth in the Plan
and this Agreement. 

3. 

Method of Exercise of the Option. 

(a) 

The Participant may exercise the Option, to the extent then exercisable, by contacting Fidelity, the
Plans Administrative Agent, at netbenefits.fidelity.com or calling 1-800-544-9354, specifying the number of Shares with
respect to which such Option is being exercised. 

(b) 

At the time the Participant exercises the Option, the Participant shall pay the Option Price of the
Shares as to which the Option is being exercised to the Company, subject to such terms, conditions, and limitations as the Committee may prescribe: (i) in cash, including the wire transfer of funds in U.S. dollars to Fidelity; (ii) by
personal, certified, or cashiers check payable in U.S. dollars sent or delivered to Fidelity; (iii) by delivery to Fidelity of certificates representing a number of Shares then owned by the Participant having an aggregate Fair Market
Value at the Exercise Date equal to the aggregate Option Price; (iv) by certification or attestation to Fidelity of the Participants ownership as of the Exercise Date of a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the
Exercise Date not greater than the aggregate Option Price; (v) by delivery to Fidelity of a properly executed written notice of exercise together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company, by wire transfer or
check as provided in clause (i) or (ii) of this section 3(b), the amount of the proceeds of the sale of all or a portion of the Shares as to which the Option is so exercised or of a loan from the broker to the Participant necessary to pay the
aggregate Option Price; or (vi) by a combination of the consideration provided for in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v). 

(c) 

The Companys obligation to deliver the Shares to which the Participant is entitled upon exercise
of the Option is conditioned on payment in full to the Company of the aggregate Option Price of those Shares and the required tax withholding related to such exercise. 

Page 4 of 10 

4. 

Termination. The Option shall terminate upon termination of the Participants employment with the
Company and the Affiliates for any reason, and no Shares may thereafter be purchased under the Option except as provided below. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the Option shall not be exercised after the Expiration Date.

(a) 

Termination by Company or Affiliate without Cause or by Participant. If such termination
of the Participants employment is by the Company or an Affiliate without Cause or by the Participant other than under circumstances described in paragraph (b), (c), (d), or (e) of this section 4, the Option, to the extent exercisable as
of the date of such termination, shall thereafter be exercisable for a period of three months from the date of such termination. 

(b) 

Death and Disability. If such termination of the Participants employment is due to
the Participants death (regardless of whether the Participant has accepted the Grant) or Disability, the Option, and 100% of the Shares subject to the Option, shall thereafter be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the first
anniversary of the date of such termination or (ii) the Expiration Date. 

(c) 

Retirement. If the Participant leaves the employment of the Company and the Affiliates by
reason of Retirement, such Participant shall be entitled to continue exercising or continue vesting, as applicable, but only if such Participant satisfies the applicable Retirement conditions set forth in section 5 below (except in the case of
death). 

(d) 

Termination for Cause. If the Participants employment is terminated by the Company
or an Affiliate for Cause, as defined in Section 11.2 of the Plan, then the portion of the Option that has not been exercised shall immediately terminate. 

(e) 

Change of Control. In the event of a Participants Involuntary Termination or
Voluntary Termination with Cause occurring on or after a Change of Control that occurs during the Vesting Period (or during the Continued Vesting and Exercise Period, if any, under section 5(b) below), the Participant shall become 100% vested in the
unvested Options granted to the Participant pursuant to the Grant Notice as of the date of such Involuntary Termination or Voluntary Termination with Cause (or if accelerated vesting is due to the application of the Continued Vesting and Exercise
Period under section 5(b) below, the date of the Change of Control), and all such newly vested Options shall thereafter be fully exercisable as of such date. 

5. 

Conditions to Post-Retirement Exercise or Vesting. 

(a) 

Additional Exercise Period. If the Participant has attained age 60 and such Participant
terminates employment with the Company and the Affiliates by reason of Retirement, it is agreed by the Company and the Participant that any Options granted to the Participant pursuant to the Grant Notice, to the extent vested and exercisable at such
Retirement date, shall thereafter be exercisable for all or any portion of the full number of Shares available for purchase under the Option until the earlier to occur of (1) the third anniversary of the date of such Retirement or (2) the
Expiration Date (the Additional Exercise Period). 

(b) 

Continued Vesting and Exercise Period. If the Participant has attained age 55 and a
certain combination of age and Years of Service set forth in the Matrix in Exhibit A attached hereto and terminates employment with the Company and the Affiliates by reason of Retirement, it is agreed by the Company and the Participant that, subject
to the provisions of this section 5(b) and section 5(c), (i) such Participant shall continue to vest in the specified percentage of the unvested Options set forth in Exhibit A for the combination of age and Years of Service attained by such
Participant as of his or her Retirement under the Matrix set forth in Exhibit A following the date of his or her termination by reason of Retirement as if the Participant continued in employment, provided that the Grant Date of the unvested
Options is prior to such termination date in an amount of time which allows the Participant 

Page 5 of 10 

to provide the written notice as follows and the Participant has provided advance written notice not before three (3) months following the Grant Date and not less than the number of months
prior to such termination date as set forth in the schedule below to the Companys Head of Human Resources or his or her delegate, and to his or her direct manager, regarding the Participants intent to terminate employment for reason of
Retirement and (ii) to the extent vested and exercisable on or after the date of his or her termination by reason of Retirement, such Participant may exercise Options for all or any portion of the full number of Shares available for purchase
under the Option until the Expiration Date of such Option (the period after Retirement being the Continued Vesting and Exercise Period); provided, however, a Participant who is at least age 55 and attained the necessary
combination of age and Years of Service under the Matrix set forth in Exhibit A for Retirement need not provide such advance written notice of his or her intent to terminate employment by reason of Retirement if the Company elects to require such
Participant to, or (as part of a reduction in force or otherwise in writing in exchange for a written release) offers such Participant the opportunity to, terminate employment with the Company by reason of Retirement. 

Age 

Advance Written Notice

65 or older 3 months

between (and including) 55 and 64 6 months

(c) 

Restrictions. In consideration of the benefit provided under paragraph (a) or (b)
above, as applicable, it is agreed by the Company and the Participant that, during the Additional Exercise Period or the Continued Vesting and Exercise Period, as applicable, the Participant shall comply with the following restrictions.

(i) 

No Competitive Business. The Participant shall refrain from becoming employed by, or
consulting with, or becoming substantially involved in the business of, any business that competes with the Company or its Affiliate in the business of exploration or production of oil or natural gas wherever from time to time conducted throughout
the world (a Competitive Business) and Participant shall provide to the Company, upon Companys request, (x) a written certification, in a form provided by or satisfactory to the Company, as to Participants
compliance with the forgoing conditions and/or (y) his/her U.S. Individual Income Tax Return for any return filed by the Participant which relates to any time during the Additional Exercise Period or the Continued Vesting and Exercise Period,
as applicable, to allow the Company to verify that Participant has complied with the foregoing conditions; provided, that the Participant may purchase and hold for investment purposes less than five percent (5%) of the shares of any
Competitive Business whose shares are regularly traded on a national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, and provided further, that the Participant may provide services solely as a director of any Competitive Business whose
shares are regularly traded on a national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system if, during the Additional Exercise Period or the Continued Vesting and Exercise Period, as applicable, (i) the Participant only attends board and
board committee meetings, votes on recommendations of management, and discharges his/her fiduciary obligations under the law and (ii) the Participant is not involved in, and does not advise or consult on, the marketing, government relations,
customer relations, or the day-to-day management, supervision, or operations of such Competitive Business. 

(ii) 

Non-Disparagement. The Participant shall refrain
from making, or causing or assisting any other person to make, any oral or written communication to any third party about the Company, any Affiliate and/or any of the employees, officers, or directors of the Company or any Affiliate which impugns or
attacks, or is otherwise critical of, the reputation, business, or character of such entity or person; or that discloses private or confidential information about their business affairs; or that constitutes an intrusion into their seclusion or
private lives; or that gives rise to unreasonable publicity about their private lives; or that places them in a false light before the public; or that constitutes a misappropriation of their name or likeness. 

Page 6 of 10 

(d) 

Failure to Comply and Future Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
section 5 of the Agreement, (i) in the event that the Participant fails to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a), (b), and/or (c) above, the Participant shall not be entitled to exercise or vest in any unexercised or
unvested Options after the date of Retirement and the unexercised or unvested Options subject to this Agreement shall be forfeited and (ii) the Participant shall not have any right to continue to vest upon Retirement in any future awards
granted under the Plan once the Participant provides the notice of Retirement as set forth in paragraph (b) above. 

6. 

Prohibited Activity. In consideration for this Grant and except as permitted under section 5(c)(i)
above, the Participant agrees not to engage in any Prohibited Activity while employed by the Company or within three years after the date of the Participants termination of employment. A Prohibited Activity will be deemed to
have occurred, as determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, if any of the following occur. 

(a) 

Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Participant divulges any non-public, confidential or proprietary information of the Company, but excluding information that (i) becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of the Participants public use,
disclosure, or fault or (ii) becomes available to the Participant on a non-confidential basis after the Participants employment termination date from a source other than the Company prior to the
public use or disclosure by the Participant, provided that such source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement or otherwise prohibited from transmitting the information by contractual, legal, or fiduciary obligation.

(b) 

Competitive Business. The Participant, directly or indirectly, consults with or becomes
affiliated with, participates or engages in, or becomes employed by any business that is competitive with the Company, wherever from time to time conducted throughout the world, including situations where the Participant solicits or participates in
or assists in any way in the solicitation or recruitment, directly or indirectly, of any employees of the Company. 

(c) 

Disparagement. The Participant engages in publishing any oral or written statements about
the Company, and/or any of its directors, officers, or employees that are disparaging, slanderous, libelous, or defamatory; or that disclose private or confidential information about their business affairs; or that constitute an intrusion into their
seclusion or private lives; or that give rise to unreasonable publicity about their private lives; or that place them in a false light before the public; or that constitute a misappropriation of their name or likeness. 

7. 

Non-Transferability of the Option. The Option shall not be
transferable otherwise than by testamentary will or the laws of descent and distribution, or in accordance with a valid beneficiary designation on a form approved by the Committee, and is exercisable, during the lifetime of the Optionee, only by him
or her, subject to the conditions and exceptions set forth in Section 15.2 of the Plan. 

8. 

Taxes and Withholdings. At the time of receipt of Shares upon the exercise of all or any part of the
Option, the Participant shall pay to the Company in cash (or make other arrangements, in accordance with Section 12 of the Plan, for the satisfaction of) any taxes of any kind and social security payments due or potentially payable or required
to be withheld with respect to such Shares; provided, however, that pursuant to any procedures, and subject to any limitations as the Committee may prescribe and subject to applicable law, the Participant may elect to satisfy, in whole or in
part, such withholding obligations by (a) directing Fidelity, as the Plans Administrative Agent, to withhold Shares otherwise issuable to the Participant upon exercise of the Option; (b) certification or attestation to Fidelity of
the Participants ownership, as of the Exercise Date, of a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the Exercise Date not greater than such tax and other obligations; and/or (c) delivery to Fidelity of a number of

Page 7 of 10 

Shares then owned by the Participant having an aggregate Fair Market Value as of the Exercise Date not greater than such tax and other obligations. Any such election made by the Participant must
be (i) made on or prior to the applicable Exercise Date and (ii) irrevocable, made in writing, signed by the Participant, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems
appropriate. 

9. 

No Rights as a Shareholder. Neither the Participant nor any other person shall become the beneficial
owner of the Shares subject to the Option, nor have any rights to dividends or other rights as a shareholder with respect to any such Shares, until the Participant has actually received such Shares following the exercise of the Option in accordance
with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 

10. 

No Right to Continued Employment. Neither the Option nor any terms contained in this Agreement shall
confer upon the Participant any express or implied right to be retained in the employment or service of the Company for any period, nor restrict in any way the right of the Company, which right is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the
Participants employment or service at any time for any reason or no reason. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that any right to exercise the Option is earned only by continuing as an employee of the Company at the will of the Company, or
satisfaction of any other applicable terms and conditions contained in the Plan and this Agreement, and not through the act of being hired, being granted the Option, or acquiring Shares hereunder. 

11. 

The Plan. In consideration for this Grant, the Participant agrees to comply with the terms of the Plan
and this Agreement. This Agreement is subject to all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, and to such regulations as may from time to time be adopted by the Committee. Unless defined herein,
capitalized terms are used herein as defined in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, the provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly.
The Plan and the prospectus describing the Plan can be found on the Companys HR intranet and the Fidelity website (netbenefits.fidelity.com). A paper copy of the Plan and the prospectus shall be provided to the Participant upon the
Participants written request to the Company at 2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy S., Suite 200, Houston, Texas 77042, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

12. 

Compliance with Laws and Regulations. 

(a) 

Applicable Laws, Listing, and Registration. The Option and any obligation of the Company
to sell and deliver Shares hereunder shall be subject in all respects to (i) all applicable laws, rules, and regulations and (ii) any registration, qualification, approvals, or other requirements imposed by any government or regulatory
agency or body which the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to be necessary or applicable. Moreover, the Option may not be exercised if its exercise, or the receipt of Shares pursuant thereto, would be contrary to applicable law. If at
any time the Company determines, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of Shares upon any national securities exchange or under any applicable law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is
necessary or desirable, the Company shall not be required to deliver any certificates for Shares to the Participant or any other person pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval has
been effected or obtained, or otherwise provided for, free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. 

(b) 

Rule 144 Compliance. It is intended that the issuance of the Shares received upon the
exercise of the Option shall have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). If the Participant is an affiliate of the Company, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act (Rule 144), the Participant may not sell the Shares received except in compliance with Rule 144. Certificates representing Shares issued to an affiliate of the Company may bear a legend setting forth
such restrictions on the disposition or transfer of the Shares as the Company deems appropriate to comply with Federal and state securities laws. 

Page 8 of 10 

(c) 

If Registration Statement Not Effective. If at the time of exercise of all or part of the
Option, a registration statement with respect to the issuance of the Shares is not effective under the Securities Act, and/or there is no current prospectus in effect under the Securities Act with respect to the Shares, the Participant shall
execute, prior to the delivery of any Shares to the Participant by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, an agreement (in such form as the Company may specify) in which the Participant represents and warrants that the Participant is purchasing or
acquiring the Shares acquired under this Agreement for the Participants own account, for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof, and represents and agrees that any subsequent offer for sale or distribution of
any kind of such Shares shall be made only pursuant to either (i) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act, which registration statement has become effective and is current with regard to the Shares being offered
or sold, or (ii) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, but in claiming such exemption the Participant shall, prior to any offer for sale of such Shares, obtain a prior favorable written opinion, in form
and substance satisfactory to the Company, from counsel for or approved by the Company, as to the applicability of such exemption thereto. 

13. 

Notices. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices by the Participant or the
Participants assignees shall be addressed to the Administrative Agent, Fidelity, through the Participants account at netbenefits.fidelity.com, or such other address as the Company may from time to time specify. All notices to the
Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the Participants address in the Companys records. 

14. 

Other Plans. The Participant acknowledges that any income derived from the exercise of the Option shall
not affect the Participants participation in, or benefits under, any other benefit plan or other contract or arrangement maintained by the Company or any Affiliate. 

15. 

Terms of Employment. The Plan is a discretionary plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that neither
the Plan nor this Agreement forms part of the Participants terms of employment and nothing in the Plan may be construed as imposing on the Company or any Affiliate a contractual obligation to offer participation in the Plan to any employee of
the Company or any Affiliate. The Company or any Affiliate is under no obligation to grant further Options or Shares to any Participant under the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges that if the Participant ceases to be an employee of the
Company or any Affiliate for any reason or no reason, the Participant shall not be entitled by way of compensation for loss of office or otherwise howsoever to any sum or other benefit to compensate the Participant for the loss of any rights under
this Agreement or the Plan. 

16. 

Data Protection. By accepting this Agreement (whether by electronic means or otherwise), the Participant
hereby consents to the holding and processing of personal data provided by the Participant to the Company for all purposes necessary for the operation of the Plan. These include, but are not limited to: 

(a) 

administering and maintaining Participant records; 

(b) 

providing information to any registrars, brokers, or third-party administrators of the Plan; and

(c) 

providing information to future purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant
works. 

17. 

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect, and if any provision is held invalid or unenforceable with respect to particular circumstances, it shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect in all other circumstances, to the
fullest extent permitted by law. 

***** 

Page 9 of 10 

Exhibit A 

Page 10 of 10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>apa-20250109.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>apa-20250109_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>apa-20250109_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g836159g0103022821907.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name APA Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001841666

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 09, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40144

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1430562

Entity Address, Address Line One 2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy. S.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77042-3643

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 296-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.625 par value

Trading Symbol APA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.apachecorp.com//20250109/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

apa-20250109.xsd 
apa-20250109_lab.xml 
apa-20250109_pre.xml 
d836159d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-004197-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d836159d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001841666 

2025-01-09 
2025-01-09 

APA Corp 
false 
0001841666 
8-K 
2025-01-09 
DE 
001-40144 
86-1430562 
2000 W. Sam Houston Pkwy. S. 
Suite 200 
Houston 
TX 
77042-3643 
(713) 
296-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.625 par value 
APA 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>