<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-005787.txt : 20250423
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-005787.hdr.sgml : 20250423
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250423091249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-005787
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250421
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250423

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TruGolf Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001857086
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				853269086
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40970
		FILM NUMBER:		25859401

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7951 S.W. 6TH STREET, SUITE 216
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9544242345

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7951 S.W. 6TH STREET, SUITE 216
		CITY:			PLANTATION
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210414
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000185708600018570862025-04-212025-04-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April
21, 2025

TruGolf
Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40970 85-3269086

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

60 North 1400 WestCenterville, Utah 84014

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (801)298-1997

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share TRUG The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously disclosed, TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (the
Company), entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 2, 2024 (as may be amended, modified,
restated, restructured or supplemented from time to time, the Prior Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which certain investors
(the Holders and each, a Holder) agreed to purchase from the Company (i) senior convertible notes in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $15,500,000 (the PIPE Convertible Notes), (ii) Series A warrants to purchase 1,409,091 shares
of the Companys Class A common stock (the Series A Warrants); and (iii) Series B warrants to purchase 1,550,000 shares
of the Companys Class A common stock (the Series B Warrants, and collectively with the Series A Warrants, the PIPE
Warrants). The Prior Purchase Agreement contemplated funding of the PIPE Convertible Notes across multiple tranches.

On April 22, 2025, the Company entered into Exchange
Agreements (the Exchange Agreements and each, an Exchange Agreement), by and among the Company and each of
the Holders, pursuant to which each such Holder would exchange (i) the amounts remaining outstanding under the PIPE Convertible Notes
and certain other amounts outstanding with respect thereto in the aggregate amount (the Note Exchange), and (ii) the PIPE
Warrants. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, on the effective date of the Exchange Agreements, the PIPE Warrants were exchanged, in
reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), into an aggregate of 1,885 shares of the Companys newly created Series A preferred stock (the Series A Preferred
Stock and such Series A Preferred Stock to be issued in the exchange of the PIPE Warrants, the Initial New Exchange Preferred
Shares, and such shares of Class A Common Stock (the Common Stock) issuable pursuant to the terms of the Certificate
of Designations, including, without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise, collectively, the Initial New Exchange Conversion
Shares), and (ii) a warrant to purchase up to 37,033 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

The Note Exchange will occur on the Closing Date (as
defined in the Exchange Agreements), whereby the amounts owing under the PIPE Convertible Notes will be exchanged into shares of the Companys
Series A Preferred Stock. From the date of the Exchange Agreements until the date of the Note Exchange, the conversion price of the PIPE
Convertible Notes was reduced to $1.00 per share.

Additionally, the Exchange Agreements amended the
Prior Purchase Agreement and contained certain covenants of the Company to, among other items, hold one or more stockholder meetings no
later than 90 days following the execution of the Exchange Agreements to approve the shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable
underlying the Series A Preferred Stock upon conversion in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

This description of the Exchange Agreements and the
transactions related thereto does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form
of Exchange Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this current report on Form 8-K.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

In connection with the signing of the Exchange Agreement,
the Company designated 50,000 shares of the Companys authorized and unissued preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock and established
the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences
of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations), to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware, as summarized below:

General. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock
has a stated value of $1,000 per share and, when issued, the Series A Preferred Stock will be fully paid and non-assessable.

Ranking. The Series A Preferred Stock, with
respect to the payment of dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company, ranks
senior to all capital stock of the Company, unless the Required Holders (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) consent to the
creation of other capital stock of the Company that is senior or equal in rank to the Series A Preferred Stock.

Dividends. The holders of Series A Preferred
Stock will be entitled to a 10% per annum dividends. The dividends are payable to each record holder of the Series A Preferred Stock in
cash or in shares of Common Stock, provided that if the shares of Common Stock are utilized to pay the dividends then such dividends shall
be recalculated in connection with such issuance of shares of Common Stock at a deemed rate of 15%, and the Company may, at its option,
under certain circumstances, capitalize the dividend by increasing the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock or elect a combination
of the capitalized dividend and a payment in dividend shares.

Purchase Rights. If at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata
to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then each holder of
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights
which such holder could have acquired if such holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion
of all the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights at the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below);
subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership.

Conversion Rights

Conversion at Option of Holder. Each holder
of Series A Preferred Stock may convert all, or any part, of the Stated Value (which is equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Preferred
Stock) of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, at any time at such holders option, into shares of the Common Stock (which
converted shares of Common Stock are referred to as Conversion Shares herein) at an initial fixed Conversion Price
of $1.00, which is subject to proportional adjustment upon the occurrence of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination and/or
similar transactions, as well as under the circumstances described below. The amounts to be converted include unpaid dividends and other
charges for the Series A Preferred Stock.

Upon the voluntary conversion by the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock, in addition to the issuance of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Stated Value of the Series A
Preferred Stock, the Company shall issue to the holders in Common Stock all dividends that would otherwise have accrued on such Series
A Preferred Stock if such share were held until the five-anniversary of issuance (the Make-Whole Amount). The Make-Whole
Amount is convertible at the Alternate Conversion Price equal to the lesser of (i) the Conversion Price, and (ii) 90% of
the lowest volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive trading days immediately
prior to such conversion (subject to the Floor Price of $0.07 (the Floor Price)) (the Alternate Conversion Price).

If at the time of a conversion the Alternate Conversion
Price is determined to be the Floor Price because such Floor Price is greater than 90% of the then five-day volume weighted average price
of a share of Common Stock, then the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), shall automatically increase pro
rata, by the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount (as defined therein).

If on any six month anniversary after the date the
Series A Preferred Stock are issued (the Initial Issuance Date) (each, a Reset Date), the Conversion Price
then in effect is greater than the closing price of the Common Stock as of such applicable Reset Date (each, a Reset Price),
immediately after the close of trading on such applicable Reset Date the Conversion Price shall automatically lower to the Reset Price.

If at any time on or after the date of issuance there
occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock, the
Conversion Price shall be reduced to 120% of the quotient determined by dividing (x) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each
of the five trading days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen consecutive trading day period ending and including
the trading day immediately preceding the sixteenth trading day after such event Date, divided by (y) five.

Voluntary Adjustment Right. Subject to the
rules and regulations of the Nasdaq, the Company has the right, at any time, with the written consent of the Required Holders, to lower
the fixed conversion price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company (the Board).

Alternate Conversion Upon a Triggering Event.
Following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Triggering Event (as defined below), each holder may alternatively elect to convert
the Series A Preferred Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price.

The Certificate of Designations contains triggering
events (each, a Triggering Event including certain Bankruptcy Triggering Event (as defined therein)), including but not
limited to: (i) failure of a registration statement for the shares of Common Stock underlying to be maintained effective; (ii) the suspension
from trading or the failure to list the Common Stock within certain time periods; (iii) failure to declare or pay any dividend when due;
(iv) the occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $500,000 of Indebtedness
(as defined in the Exchange Agreement) of the Company, (v) the Companys failure to cure a conversion failure of failure to deliver
shares of the Common Stock upon conversion, or notice of the Companys intention not to comply with a request for conversion of
any Series A Preferred Stock, and (vi) bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company.

From and after the occurrence and during the continuance
of any Triggering Event, the Dividend Rate in effect shall automatically be increased to the Default Rate of (i) 15% per annum for Dividends
paid in cash, and (ii) 18% per annum for conversions of Dividends into shares.

Bankruptcy Triggering Event Redemption Right.
Upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, the Company shall immediately redeem in cash all amounts due under the Series A Preferred Stock
at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 125% times the Conversion Amount to be redeemed; and (2) the product of (X) the Conversion
Rate (calculated using the lowest Alternate Conversion Price during the period commencing on the 20th Trading Day immediately preceding
such public announcement and ending on the date the Company makes the entire redemption payment), multiplied by (Y) 125% times the equity
value of the Common Stock underlying such Series A Preferred Stock being converted. The equity value of the Common Stock underlying the
Series A Preferred Stock is calculated using the greatest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding
such bankruptcy Triggering Event and the date the Company makes the entire payment required.

Change of Control Exchange. Upon a change of
control of the Company, each holder may require the Company to exchange the holders shares of Series A Preferred Stock for consideration
equal to the Change of Control Election Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), to be satisfied at the Companys
election in either (x) cash or (y) rights convertible into such securities or other assets to which such holder would have been entitled
with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by such holder upon consummation of such corporate
event.

Company Optional Redemption. At any time the
Company shall have the right to redeem in cash all, but not less than all, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding at
a price equal to the greater of (i) the Conversion Amount being redeemed, and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate with respect
to the Conversion Amount being redeemed, multiplied by (2) the equity value of the Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock.
The equity value of the Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock is calculated using the greatest closing sale price of the
Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding the date the Company notifies the holders of the Companys election to redeem
and the date the Company makes the entire payment required.

Fundamental Transactions. The Certificate of
Designations prohibit the Company from entering specified fundamental transactions (including, without limitation, mergers, business combinations
and similar transactions) unless (i) the Company (or the Companys successor) assumes in writing all of the Companys obligations
under the Certificate of Designations and the other Exchange Documents (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and (ii) the Successor
Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible
Market.

Voting Rights. The holders of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series or class or together
with any other series or class of share of capital stock, and shall not be entitled to call a meeting of such holders for any purpose
nor shall they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock, except as provided in the Certificate of Designations
(or as otherwise required by applicable law).

Covenants. The Certificate of Designations
contains a variety of obligations on the Companys part not to engage in specified activities. In particular, the Company will not,
and will cause the Companys subsidiaries to not, redeem, repurchase or declare any dividend or distribution on any of the Companys
capital stock (other than as required under the Certificate of Designations) and will not, subject to certain exceptions, incur any indebtedness,
other than ordinary course trade payables and factoring of accounts receivable not exceeding certain amounts or, subject to certain exceptions,
incur any liens. In addition, the Company will not issue any preferred stock or issue any other securities that would cause a breach or
default under the Certificate of Designations.

Reservation Requirements. So long as any Series
A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 150% of the number of shares of Common Stock as
shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of all Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding.

This description of the Preferred Stock does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the form of the Certificate of Designations, attached
as Exhibit 10.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conversion and Extinguishment of Outstanding Notes
Payable

On April 21, 2025, the Company entered into agreements
with the holders of approximately $3.9 million in outstanding notes payable (including accrued interest) originally issued in November
2022, including officers and directors of the Company, pursuant to which such note holders converted all outstanding amounts payable to
such note holders into (i) 8,283,139 shares of the Companys Class B common stock, with respect to $2.6 million in principal and
interest of such notes payable, and into (ii) 4,233,077 shares of Common Stock, with respect to $1.3 million in principal and interest
of such notes payable, in each case at a conversion price of $0.31204 per share, which was the above closing price of the Companys
Common Stock prior to conversion.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated
herein by reference. The transactions described herein were undertaken in reliance upon the exemptions from registration afforded by Sections
4(a)(2) and 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Regulation D.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Description

10.1* Form of Exchange Agreement

10.2 Form of Certificate of Designations of Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

10.3 Form of Warrant to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

10.4 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

* Certain of the exhibits, schedules and/or annexes to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such omitted exhibit, schedule or annex to the SEC upon its request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 23, 2025 TRUGOLF HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: /s/ Christopher Jones

Name: Christopher Jones

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

AMENDMENT
AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This
Amendment and Exchange Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into as of the date set forth on the signature pages
below, by and among TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation with offices located at 60
North 1400 West, Centerville, Utah 84014 (the Company) and the investor signatory hereto (the Holder),
with reference to the following facts:

A.
Prior to the date hereof, the Company and the Holder and/or certain other investors (the Other Holders, and together
with the Holder, the Holders) entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 2, 2024 (as
may be amended, modified, restated, restructured or supplemented from time to time, each a Securities Purchase Agreement),
pursuant to which the Holder purchased, among other things, certain senior convertible notes (as amended, modified or waived prior to
the date hereof, the Original Notes) and certain warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement) (the Original Warrants). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

B.
The Company has authorized a new series of convertible preferred stock of the Company designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,
$0.0001 par value, the terms of which are set forth in the certificate of designation for such series of preferred stock (the New
Certificate of Designations) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with any convertible preferred
shares issued in replacement thereof in accordance with the terms thereof, the Series A Preferred Stock), which
Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock, in accordance with the terms of the New Certificate of Designations.

C.
On the Effective Date, the Holder desires to exchange such Original Warrants exercisable into such aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock as set forth on the signature page of the Holder attached hereto (the Exchange Warrant) into (i) such aggregate
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as set forth on the signature page of the Holder attached hereto (the Initial
New Exchange Preferred Shares, and such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the New Certificate of Designations,
including, without limitation, upon conversion or otherwise, collectively, the Initial New Exchange Conversion Shares)
and (ii) a warrant to purchase such aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as set forth on the signature page of the
Holder attached hereto (the New Preferred Warrants, and together with the Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares,
the Initial New Primary Securities, and the New Preferred Warrants as exercised, the New Warrant Preferred
Shares, and the New Warrant Preferred Shares together with the New Exchange Preferred Shares (as defined below), the New
Preferred Shares, and such New Warrant Preferred Shares as converted into Common Stock, the New Warrant Conversion
Shares, and such Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares and New Warrant Preferred Shares, collectively, the Initial
New Preferred Shares and such Initial New Exchange Conversion Shares and New Warrant Conversion Shares, collectively, the
Initial New Conversion Shares and the Initial New Primary Securities, together with the New Warrant Preferred Shares
and New Warrant Conversion Shares, collectively, the Effective Date Exchange Securities) in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

D.
On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Holder desires to exchange such portion of the amounts outstanding under the Original Note
as set forth on the signature page of the Holder attached hereto (including principal, interest and other amounts outstanding with respect
thereto) (the Exchange Notes, and together with the Exchange Warrant, the Exchange Securities)
into such aggregate number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as set forth on the signature page of the Holder attached hereto (the
Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares, and together with the Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares, the New
Exchange Preferred Shares, and together with the New Preferred Warrants, the New Primary Securities,
and such shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of the New Certificate of Designations, including, without limitation,
upon conversion of the Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares or otherwise, collectively, the Additional New Exchange Conversion
Shares, and together with the Initial New Exchange Conversion Shares, the New Exchange Conversion Shares,
and the New Exchange Conversion Shares collectively with the New Warrant Conversion Shares, collectively, the New Conversion
Shares) as set forth on the signature page of the Holder attached hereto in reliance on the exemption from registration provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.

E.
Each of the Company and the Holder desire to effectuate such exchanges on the basis and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

F.
The Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares and the Additional New Exchange Conversion Shares are collectively referred to herein as
Closing Exchange Securities. The Effective Date Exchange Securities and the Closing Exchange Securities are collectively
referred to herein as the New Securities.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Exchange

(a)
Exchange of Securities. 

(i)
Effective Date Exchange. On the Effective Date, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Holder hereby agrees to
convey, assign and transfer the Exchange Warrant to the Company in exchange for which the Company agrees to issue the Holder the Initial
New Primary Securities (the Effective Date Exchange). As soon as commercially practicable following the Effective
Date, the Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company (or its assignee) the Exchange Warrants (or affidavit of lost
warrant in form provided upon request by the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Holder). Immediately following the issuance of
the Initial New Primary Securities to the Holder on the books and records of the Company, the Holder hereby relinquishes all rights,
title and interest in the Exchange Warrants (including any claims the Holder may have against the Company related thereto) and assigns
the same to the Company and the Exchange Warrants shall be cancelled; provided, that (i) the Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares shall
be immediately convertible by the Holder, in whole or in part, after such issuance, regardless of the date of the Holders actual
receipt of a certificate evidencing the Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares and (ii) the New Preferred Warrants shall be immediately
exercisable by the Holder, in whole or in part, after such issuance, regardless of the date of the Holders actual receipt of a
certificate evidencing the New Preferred Warrants. On the Effective Date, (A) the Holder shall have received the opinion of ArentFox
Schiff, LLP, the Companys counsel, dated as of the Effective Date, in the form and substance satisfactory to the Holder, (B) the
transfer agent of the Company and the Company shall have duly executed and delivered the irrevocable transfer agent instructions in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1, (C) the Company shall have delivered to the Holder a certified copy of the Certificate
of Incorporation (as defined below) as certified by the Delaware Secretary of State within ten (10) days of the Closing Date (including
evidence of the filing of the New Certificate of Designations), (D) the Company shall have delivered to such Holder a certificate, in
the form acceptable to such Holder, executed by the Secretary of the Company and dated as of the Effective Date, as to (i) the resolutions
authorizing the transactions contemplated hereby as adopted by the Companys board of directors in a form reasonably acceptable
to such Holder, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and (iii) the Bylaws of the Company, each as in effect at the Effective
Date. No later than five (5) Trading Days (as defined in the New Certificate of Designations) after the Effective Date, the Company shall
deliver certificates with respect to the Initial New Exchange Preferred Shares to the Holder, and (E) the Company shall have duly executed
and delivered the registration rights agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, with respect to the registration
for resale by the Holder of the New Conversion Shares (the New Registration Rights Agreement).

2

(ii)
Closing Date Exchange. On the Closing Date, pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Holder hereby agrees to convey,
assign and transfer the Exchange Note to the Company in exchange for which the Company agrees to issue the Holder the Additional New
Exchange Preferred Shares (the Closing Date Exchange, and together with the Effective Date Exchange, each an Exchange);
provided, that to the extent the Holder converts, all, or any part, of the Exchange Notes prior to the Closing Date, for each $1,000
of principal amount of Exchange Notes converted into shares of Common Stock prior to the Closing Date, the aggregate number of New Exchange
Preferred Shares to be issued in the Exchange shall reduce by one (1) New Exchange Preferred Share (it being understood and agreed by
the parties hereto that, absent any conversion of the Exchange Notes, an aggregate of [ ] New Exchange Preferred Shares shall be issuable
hereunder in the Closing Date Exchange). As soon as commercially practicable following the Closing Date, the Holder shall deliver or
cause to be delivered to the Company (or its assignee) the Exchange Notes (or affidavit of lost note in form provided upon request by
the Company and reasonably acceptable to the Holder). Immediately following the issuance of the Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares
to the Holder on the books and records of the Company, the Holder hereby relinquishes all rights, title and interest in the Exchange
Notes (including any claims the Holder may have against the Company related thereto) and assigns the same to the Company and the Exchange
Notes shall be cancelled; provided, that the Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares shall be immediately convertible by the Holder,
in whole or in part, after such issuance, regardless of the date of the Holders actual receipt of a certificate evidencing the
Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares.

(b)
Adjustment to Conversion Price of Original Notes. During the period commencing on the date hereof through, and including, the
Closing Date, pursuant to Section 7(g) of the Original Notes, the Conversion Price of the Original Notes shall be lowered to the lesser
of (x) $1.00 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar events) and (y) the Conversion
Price then in effect after giving effect to all other adjustments pursuant to Section 7 of the Original Notes.

(c)
Existing Waivers. The Holder agrees that each instance of February 28, 2025 and April 30, 2025 in
the Existing Waivers (as defined in that certain Second Amendment Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and certain
holders of the Original Notes) is hereby replaced with the ninety (90) day anniversary of the Effective Date (the New Threshold
Date); provided, however, that in the event the Company breaches this Agreement prior to the New Threshold Date, such New
Threshold Date shall be replaced with the date in which the breach occurred.

(d)
Other Documents. The Company and the Holder shall execute and/or deliver such other documents and agreements as are customary
and reasonably necessary to effectuate the Exchange.

2.
The Closing. Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 3 below, the Exchange shall take place via the electronic exchange
of documents, securities and signatures, one Business Day after the initial date such conditions are satisfied or waived by the respective
parties (or at such other time and place as the Company and the Holder mutually agree) (the Closing and such date,
the Closing Date).

3.
Closing Conditions to the Closing. 

(a)
Conditions to the Holders Obligations at the Closing. The obligation of the Holder to consummate the Closing is subject
to the fulfillment (or waiver, at the sole option of the Holder), to the Holders reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the Closing,
of each of the following conditions:

(i)
Representations and Warranties. Each and every representation and warranty of the Company set forth herein shall be true and correct
in all material respects (except where qualified by materiality or material adverse effect, which shall be true and correct in all respect)
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied
with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Holder shall have received a certificate, duly executed by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested
by the Holder in the form acceptable to the Holder.

3

(ii)
Issuance of Securities. At the Closing, the Company shall issue the Additional New Exchange Preferred Shares on the books and
records of the Company, with certificates with respect thereto delivered to the Holder no later than five (5) Trading Days after the
Closing Date.

(iii)
No Actions. No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed
before any court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, restrain, prohibit or obtain substantial damages in
respect of, this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(iv)
Proceedings and Documents. All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments
incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the Holder, and the Holder shall have received all such
counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as they may reasonably request. The Company shall have obtained
all governmental, regulatory or third-party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the Exchange, including without limitation,
those required by the Principal Market (defined hereafter), if any.

(v)
No Event of Default. On each Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the Closing Date and the Closing
Date, no Event of Default (as defined in the Original Notes) or event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute
an Event of Default shall have occurred (in each case, excluding any Events of Default waived in writing by the Holder).

(vi)
Eligible Market. On each Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the Closing Date and the Closing
Date, the Common Stock (I) shall be designated for quotation or listed on an Eligible Market (as defined in the New Certificate of Designations)
and (II) shall not have been suspended.

(vii)
Payment of Fees. The Company shall have paid Kelley Drye & Warren LLP the KDW Legal Fee Amount and Greentree Financial Group,
Inc. the Greentree Legal Fee Amounts, as applicable, in accordance with Section 10 below.

(viii)
Stockholder Approval. The Company shall have obtained the Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 18 below).

(ix)
Effective Date. The resale of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the New Registration Rights Agreement) by the Holder shall
be registered pursuant to an effective Registration Statement (as defined in the New Registration Rights Agreement) in accordance with
the terms of the New Registration Rights Agreement.

4

(x)
Conversion of Promissory Notes into Restricted Common Stock. The Company shall have caused those certain promissory notes, dated
as of November 15, 2022, payable to certain stockholders of the Company in connection with dividends payable, as set forth on Schedule
1.1(a)(x), in the aggregate amount of $4,000,000 (plus accrued interest), to be converted into restricted shares of the Common Stock
or Class B shares of common stock of the Company; provided that up to an aggregate amount of $750,000 of such promissory notes may remain
outstanding.

(b)
Additional Deliverables.

(i)
The Holder shall have received the opinion of ArentFox Schiff, LLP, the Companys counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, in the
form and substance satisfactory to the Holder.

(ii)
The Company shall have delivered to the Holder a certificate evidencing the Companys good standing issued by the Secretary of
State (or comparable office) of the State of Delaware and a certificate of existence from each jurisdiction in which the Company conducts
business and is required to qualify to do business as a foreign corporation, as of a date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date.

(iii)
The Company shall have delivered to the Holder a certified copy of the Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below) as certified by
the Delaware Secretary of State within ten (10) days of the Closing Date (including evidence of the filing of the New Certificate of
Designations).

(iv)
The Company shall have delivered to the Holder a certificate, in the form acceptable to the Holder, executed by the Secretary of the
Company and dated as of the Closing Date, as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 5(b) below as adopted by the Companys
board of directors in a form reasonably acceptable to the Holder, (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and (iii) the
Bylaws (as defined below) of the Company, each as in effect at the Closing.

(v)
The transfer agent of the Company and the Company shall have duly executed and delivered the irrevocable transfer agent instructions
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2.

(c)
Conditions to the Companys Obligations to the Closing. The obligation of the Company to consummate the Closing is subject
to the fulfillment (or waiver, at the sole option of the Company), to the Companys reasonable satisfaction, prior to or at the
Closing in question, of each of the following conditions:

(i)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Holder set forth herein shall be true and correct in
all material respects (except where qualified by materiality or material adverse effect, which shall be true and correct in all respect)
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though originally made at that time (except for representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct as of such specific date), and the Holder shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Holder at or prior to the Closing Date.

(ii)
No Actions. No action, proceeding, investigation, regulation or legislation shall have been instituted, threatened or proposed
before any court, governmental agency or authority or legislative body to enjoin, restrain, prohibit, or obtain substantial damages in
respect of, this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5

(iii)
Proceedings and Documents. All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and all documents and instruments
incident to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the Company and the Company shall have received all such
counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as the Company may reasonably request.

(iv)
Leak-Out Agreement. The Holder shall have duly executed and delivered the Leak-Out Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
D (the Leak-Out Agreement) to the Company.

4.
Amendments.

(a)
Ratifications. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Securities Purchase Agreement and each other Transaction Document
(as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and
confirmed in all respects, except that on and after the Effective Date: (i) all references in the Securities Purchase Agreement to this
Agreement, hereto, hereof, hereunder or words of like import referring to the Securities
Purchase Agreement shall mean the Securities Purchase Agreement as amended by this Agreement, and (ii) all references in the other Transaction
Documents, to the Securities Purchase Agreement, thereto, thereof, thereunder
or words of like import referring to the Securities Purchase Agreement shall mean the Securities Purchase Agreement as amended by this
Agreement.

(b)
Amendments to Transaction Documents. On and after the Effective Date, each of the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) are hereby amended as follows:

(i)
The defined term Notes is hereby amended to include the New Preferred Shares (as defined in each Amendment
and Exchange Agreement) and, for the avoidance of doubt, including the New Certificate of Designations relating to the New Preferred
Shares.

(ii)
The defined term Conversion Shares is hereby amended to include the New Conversion Shares (as defined in
each Amendment and Exchange Agreement).

6

(iii)
The defined term Amendment and Exchange Agreement shall mean this Agreement.

(iv)
The defined term Transaction Documents is hereby amended to include this Agreement.

(v)
Upon the Closing Date, Section 4(t) of the Securities Purchase Agreement shall be irrevocably waived and have no further force or effect.

(vi)
Section 7(d) of the Original Notes is hereby amended by amending and restating such Section 7(d) in its entirety as follows:

Stock
Combination Event Adjustments. If at any time and from time to time on or after the Subscription Date there occurs any stock split,
stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Stock Combination
Event, and such date thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date) and the Event Market Price is less than
the Conversion Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 7(b) above), then on the sixteenth (16th)
Trading Day immediately following such Stock Combination Event Date, the Conversion Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th)
Trading Day (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 7(b) above) shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event Market
Price. For the avoidance of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the
Conversion Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made.

(vii)
Section 30 of the Original Notes is hereby amended by adding Section 30(ggg) to the end of Section 30:

Event
Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, 120% of the quotient determined by dividing (x) the
sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) Trading Days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the fifteen
(15) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day after
such Stock Combination Event Date, divided by (y) five (5).

(viii)
The defined term Additional Closing Expiration Date in the Securities Purchase Agreement shall mean the Effective Date.

7

5.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Holder, as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are entities duly organized and validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are formed, and have the requisite power and authority to own their
properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign entity to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership
of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to
be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined below). As used
in this Agreement, Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties, assets,
liabilities, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any Subsidiary,
individually or taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in any of the other Exchange Documents or any other agreements
or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to perform any of their respective obligations under any of the Exchange Documents (as defined below). Other than the Persons
(as defined below) set forth on Schedule 5(a) the Company has no Subsidiaries. Subsidiaries means any Person
in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (A) owns any of the outstanding capital stock or holds any equity or similar interest of
such Person or (B) controls or operates all or any part of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and each of the
foregoing, is individually referred to herein as a Subsidiary. Person means an individual,
a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity
and any Governmental Entity or any department or agency thereof.

(b)
Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
(including, without limitation, the issuance of the New Primary Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, the New Preferred Shares
in accordance with the terms hereof, the reservation and issuance of the New Preferred Warrant Shares in accordance with
the terms hereof and the New Preferred Warrants and the reservation and issuance of the New Conversion Shares in accordance with the
terms of the New Certificate of Designations) under this Agreement, the New Certificate of Designations, the New Preferred Warrants,
the Leak-Out Agreement, the New Registration Rights Agreement and each of the other agreements and certificates entered into by the parties
hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the Exchange Documents).
The execution and delivery of the Exchange Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the New Primary Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, the
New Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, the reservation and issuance of the New Preferred Warrant Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof and the New Preferred Warrants and the reservation and issuance of the New Conversion Shares in accordance with
the terms of the New Certificate of Designations, have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company and, other than
such filings required under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States (the Required
Approvals) and no further filing, consent, or authorization is required by the Company or of its Board of Directors or its
shareholders. This Agreement and the other Exchange Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except
as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

8

(c)
Issuance of New Securities. The issuance of the New Preferred Warrants are duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, the New Preferred Warrants shall be duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive
or similar rights, mortgages, defects, claims, liens, pledges, charges, taxes, rights of first refusal, encumbrances, security interests
and other encumbrances (collectively Liens) with respect to the issue thereof. Upon issuance of the New Exchange
Preferred Shares in any Exchange and/or exercise of the New Preferred Warrants, as applicable, of the New Warrant Preferred Shares in
accordance with the New Preferred Warrants and, in each case, the New Certificate of Designations, the New Preferred Shares issued to
the Holder, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all preemptive or similar rights or Liens
with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Series A Preferred Stock. Upon
conversion of the New Preferred Shares in accordance with the New Certificate of Designations, the Common Stock issued to the Holder
upon such conversion of the New Preferred Shares, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
preemptive or similar rights or Liens with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a
holder of Common Stock. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Holder contained herein, the offer and issuance
by the Company of the New Primary Securities is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act. As of the Effective Date, the Company shall
have reserved from its duly authorized capital stock not less than the Effective Date Required Reserve Amount (as defined below) for
issuances of New Conversion Shares pursuant to the New Certificate of Designations and New Warrant Preferred Shares issuable pursuant
to the New Warrant Preferred Shares.

(d)
Securities Law Exemptions. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Holder contained herein, the offer
and issuance by the Company of the New Primary Securities in exchange for the Exchange Notes and Exchange Warrants is exempt from registration
under the 1933 Act, pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) thereof, and applicable state securities laws.

(e)
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(i)
The execution, delivery and performance of the Exchange Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below) (including,
without limitation, any certificate of designation contained therein), Bylaws (as defined below), certificate of formation, memorandum
of association, articles of association, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any capital
stock or other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) in any respect under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party for
which a consent or waiver has not been obtained, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including, without limitation, foreign, federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq
Capital Market (the Principal Market) and including all applicable foreign, federal and state laws, rules and regulations)
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound
or affected.

9

(ii)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent from, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration
with (other than the Required Approvals), any Governmental Entity or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in
order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its respective obligations under or contemplated by the Exchange Documents, in each
case, in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company
or any Subsidiary is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been or will be obtained or effected on or prior to the
date hereof, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are aware of any facts or circumstances which might prevent the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries from obtaining or effecting any of the registration, application or filings contemplated by the Exchange Documents.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company is not in violation of the requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge
of any facts or circumstances which could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Governmental
Entity means any nation, state, county, city, town, village, district, or other political jurisdiction of any nature, federal,
state, local, municipal, foreign, or other government, governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental
agency, branch, department, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal), multi-national organization or body; or body exercising,
or entitled to exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any
nature or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, including any entity or enterprise owned or controlled by a government or a public
international organization or any of the foregoing.

(f)
Acknowledgment Regarding Holders Acquisition of New Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is
acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Exchange Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby and that the Holder is not (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to its knowledge,
an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule thereto) (collectively, Rule
144)) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) to its knowledge, a beneficial owner of more than 10%
of the shares of Common Stock (as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act). The Company further acknowledges that the Holder
is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with respect
to the Exchange Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by the Holder or any of its representatives
or agents in connection with the Exchange Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the
Holders purchase of the New Securities. The Company further represents to the Holder that the Companys and each Subsidiarys
decision to enter into the Exchange Documents to which it is a party has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company,
each Subsidiary and their respective representatives.

10

(g)
No Placement Agent. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any placement agent or other agent in connection
with the offer or sale of the New Securities. The Company shall pay, and hold the Holder harmless against, any liability, loss or expense
(including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim.

(h)
No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances
that would cause this offering of the New Securities to require approval of stockholders of the Company under any applicable stockholder
approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on
which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated for quotation. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, their affiliates
nor any Person acting on their behalf will take any action or steps that would cause the offering of any of the New Securities to be
integrated with other offerings of securities of the Company.

(i)
Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and acknowledges that the number of New Conversion Shares will increase in certain circumstances.
The Company further acknowledges that its obligation to issue the New Conversion Shares upon conversion of the New Preferred Shares in
accordance with this Agreement and the New Certificate of Designations is, absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the Company.

(j)
Application of Takeover Protections; Rights Agreement. The Company and its board of directors have taken all necessary action,
if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, interested stockholder, business combination, poison pill (including,
without limitation, any distribution under a rights agreement), stockholder rights plan or other similar anti-takeover provision under
the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or other organizational documents or the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise
which is or could become applicable to the Holder as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the Companys issuance of the New Securities and the Holders ownership of the New Securities. The Company and
its board of directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any stockholder rights plan or similar
arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock or a change in control of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries.

11

(k)
SEC Documents; Financial Statements. During the two (2) years prior to the date hereof, the Company has filed all reports, schedules,
forms, proxy statements, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) (all of
the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits and appendices included therein and financial statements, notes and schedules
thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the SEC Documents). The
Company has delivered or has made available to the Holders or their respective representatives true, correct and complete copies of each
of the SEC Documents not available on the EDGAR system. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents,
and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto as in effect as of the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise
indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they
may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of
the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case
of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments which will not be material, either individually or in the aggregate). The
reserves, if any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances
known by the Company on the date hereof and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial
Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are not provided for by the Company in its financial statements
or otherwise. No other information provided by or on behalf of the Company to any of the Holders which is not included in the SEC Documents
(including, without limitation, information in the disclosure schedules to this Agreement) contains any untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstance
under which they are or were made. The Company is not currently contemplating to amend or restate any of the financial statements (including,
without limitation, any notes or any letter of the independent accountants of the Company with respect thereto) included in the SEC Documents
(the Financial Statements), nor is the Company currently aware of facts or circumstances which would require the
Company to amend or restate any of the Financial Statements, in each case, in order for any of the Financial Statements to be in compliance
with GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Company has not been informed by its independent accountants that they recommend
that the Company amend or restate any of the Financial Statements or that there is any need for the Company to amend or restate any of
the Financial Statements.

12

(l)
Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the Companys most recent financial statements contained in a Form 10-K or
10-Q, as applicable, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the business, assets, liabilities,
properties, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Since the date of the Companys most recent financial statements contained in a Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) declared or paid any dividends, (ii) sold any assets, individually or in the aggregate, outside of
the ordinary course of business or (iii) made any capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, outside of the ordinary course
of business. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any law or statute relating
to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, liquidation or winding up.

(m)
No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, no event, liability,
development or circumstance has occurred or exists, or is reasonably expected to exist or occur with respect to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, properties, liabilities, prospects, operations (including results thereof) or condition
(financial or otherwise), that (i) would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a registration
statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been publicly
announced, (ii) could have a material adverse effect on the Holders investment hereunder or (iii) could have a Material Adverse
Effect.

(n)
Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in
default under its Certificate of Incorporation, any certificate of designation, preferences or rights of any other outstanding series
of preferred stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Bylaws or their organizational charter, certificate of formation, memorandum
of association, articles of association, Certificate of Incorporation or certificate of incorporation or bylaws, respectively. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in
violation of any of the foregoing, except in all cases for possible violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, have
a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company is
not in violation of any of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances
that could reasonably lead to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. During the
two years prior to the date hereof, (i) the Common Stock has been listed or designated for quotation on the Principal Market, (ii) trading
in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market and (iii) except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the
Company has received no communication, written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension or delisting of
the Common Stock from the Principal Market. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits
issued by the appropriate regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses, except where the failure to possess
such certificates, authorizations or permits would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither
the Company nor any such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such certificate,
authorization or permit. There is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the
effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any acquisition of property
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the conduct of business by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted
other than such effects, individually or in the aggregate, which have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

13

(o)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, the Companys subsidiary or any director, officer, agent, employee, nor
any other person acting for or on behalf of the foregoing (individually and collectively, a Company Affiliate) have
violated the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption
laws, nor has any Company Affiliate offered, paid, promised to pay, or authorized the payment of any money, or offered, given, promised
to give, or authorized the giving of anything of value, to any officer, employee or any other person acting in an official capacity for
any Governmental Entity to any political party or official thereof or to any candidate for political office (individually and collectively,
a Government Official) or to any person under circumstances where such Company Affiliate knew or was aware of a
high probability that all or a portion of such money or thing of value would be offered, given or promised, directly or indirectly, to
any Government Official, for the purpose of:

(i)
(A) influencing any act or decision of such Government Official in his/her official capacity, (B) inducing such Government Official to
do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty, (C) securing any improper advantage, or (D) inducing such Government Official
to influence or affect any act or decision of any Governmental Entity, or

(ii)
assisting the Company or its Subsidiaries in obtaining or retaining business for or with, or directing business to, the Company or its
Subsidiaries.

(p)
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each Subsidiary is in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

(q)
Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, no current or former employee, partner, director, officer
or stockholder (direct or indirect) of the Company or its Subsidiaries, or any associate, or, to the knowledge of the Company, any affiliate
of any thereof, or any relative with a relationship no more remote than first cousin of any of the foregoing, is presently, or has ever
been, (i) a party to any transaction with the Company or its Subsidiaries (including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services by, or rental of real or personal property from, or otherwise requiring payments to, any such director,
officer or stockholder or such associate or affiliate or relative Subsidiaries (other than for ordinary course services as employees,
officers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries)) or (ii) the direct or indirect owner of an interest in any corporation,
firm, association or business organization which is a competitor, supplier or customer of the Company or its Subsidiaries (except for
a passive investment (direct or indirect) in less than 5% of the common stock of a company whose securities are traded on or quoted through
an Eligible Market (as defined in the New Certificate of Designations)), nor does any such Person receive income from any source other
than the Company or its Subsidiaries which relates to the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or should properly accrue to the
Company or its Subsidiaries. No employee, officer, stockholder or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or member of his
or her immediate family is indebted to the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
indebted (or committed to make loans or extend or guarantee credit) to any of them, other than (i) for payment of salary for services
rendered, (ii) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, and (iii) for other standard employee benefits
made generally available to all employees or executives (including stock option agreements outstanding under any stock option plan approved
by the Board of Directors of the Company).

14

(r)
Equity Capitalization. 

(i)
Definitions: 

(1)
Common Stock means (x) the Companys Class A shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (y)
any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such
common stock.

(2)
Preferred Stock means (x) the Companys blank check preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, the terms
of which may be designated by the board of directors of the Company in a certificate of designations and (y) any capital stock into which
such preferred stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such preferred stock (other than
a conversion of such preferred stock into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of such certificate of designations). 

(ii)
Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock. Schedule 5(r)(ii) sets forth as of the date hereof, the authorized, issued and
outstanding capital stock of the Company as well as all outstanding equity linked securities, including all options, warrants, restricted
stock units, Convertible Securities. No shares of Common Stock are held in the treasury of the Company. Convertible Securities
means any capital stock or other security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is at any time and under any circumstances directly
or indirectly convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any capital
stock or other security of the Company (including, without limitation, Common Stock) or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii)
Valid Issuance; Available Shares; Affiliates. All of such outstanding shares are duly authorized and have been, or upon issuance
will be, validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. The SEC Documents disclose all securities that are, as of the date hereof,
owned by Persons who are affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the 1933 Act and calculated based on the assumption that
only officers, directors and holders of at least 10% of the Companys issued and outstanding Common Stock are affiliates
without conceding that any such Persons are affiliates for purposes of federal securities laws) of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, no Person owns 10% or more of the Companys
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (calculated based on the assumption that all Convertible Securities (as defined below),
whether or not presently exercisable or convertible, have been fully exercised or converted (as the case may be) taking account of any
limitations on exercise or conversion (including blockers) contained therein without conceding that such identified Person
is a 10% stockholder for purposes of federal securities laws).

(iv)
Existing Securities; Obligations. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents: (A) none of the Companys or any Subsidiarys
shares, interests or capital stock is subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or Liens suffered or permitted by the
Company or any Subsidiary; (B) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests
or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities
or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares, interests or capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(C) except as set forth on Schedule 5(r)(iv), there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act; (D) there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries; (E) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered
by the issuance of the New Securities; and (F) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.

15

(v)
Organizational Documents. The SEC Documents disclose true, correct and complete copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the Companys bylaws,
as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Bylaws), and the terms of all Convertible Securities and the
material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.

(s)
Indebtedness and Other Contracts. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, except as set forth in the SEC Documents or
on Schedule 5(s), (i) has any outstanding debt securities, notes, credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents
or instruments evidencing Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
or may become bound, (ii) is a party to any contract, agreement or instrument, the violation of which, or default under which, by the
other party(ies) to such contract, agreement or instrument could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (iii)
has any financing statements securing obligations in any amounts filed in connection with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv)
is in violation of any term of, or in default under, any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, except where
such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, or (v) is a party to any
contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the performance of which, in the judgment of the Companys officers,
has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have any liabilities or obligations
required to be disclosed in the SEC Documents which are not so disclosed in the SEC Documents, other than those incurred in the ordinary
course of the Companys or its Subsidiaries respective businesses and which, individually or in the aggregate, do not or
could not have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement: (x) Indebtedness of any Person means,
without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase
price of property or services (including, without limitation, capital leases in accordance with GAAP) (other than trade
payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment obligations
with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures
or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses,
(E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either
case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies of the
seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary obligations
under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with GAAP, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified
as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness
has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in any property or assets (including accounts and
contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for
the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds
referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above; and (y) Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct
or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation
of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide
assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will
be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

16

(t)
Litigation. There is no action, suit, arbitration, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Market, any
court, public board, other Governmental Entity, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Common Stock or any of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
officers or directors, whether of a civil or criminal nature or otherwise, in their capacities as such, which could result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect. No director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has willfully
violated 18 U.S.C. 1519 or engaged in spoliation in reasonable anticipation of litigation. Without limitation of the foregoing,
there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving
the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The SEC
has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the
1933 Act or the 1934 Act. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Entity.

(u)
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought
or applied for, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will be unable to renew its existing
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(v)
Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs
any member of a union. The Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relations with their employees are good. No executive officer
(as defined in Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 1933 Act) or other key employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has notified
the Company or any such Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such Subsidiary or otherwise terminate such
officers employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. No current (or former) executive officer or other key employee of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality,
disclosure or proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant,
and the continued employment of each such executive officer or other key employee (as the case may be) does not subject the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment practices and benefits, terms
and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where failure to be in compliance would not, either individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

17

(w)
Title.

(i)
Real Property. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries holds good title to all real property, leases in real property, facilities
or other interests in real property owned or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the Real Property)
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable). The Real Property is free and clear of all Liens and is not subject
to any rights of way, building use restrictions, exceptions, variances, reservations, or limitations of any nature except for (a) Liens
for current taxes not yet due and (b) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not impair the present or anticipated use of
the property subject thereto. Any Real Property held under lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid,
subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property and buildings by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ii)
Fixtures and Equipment. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as applicable) has good title to, or a valid leasehold interest
in, the tangible personal property, equipment, improvements, fixtures, and other personal property and appurtenances that are used by
the Company or its Subsidiary in connection with the conduct of its business (the Fixtures and Equipment). The Fixtures
and Equipment are structurally sound, are in good operating condition and repair, are adequate for the uses to which they are being put,
are not in need of maintenance or repairs except for ordinary, routine maintenance and repairs and are sufficient for the conduct of
the Companys and/or its Subsidiaries businesses (as applicable) in the manner as conducted prior to the date hereof. Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries owns all of its Fixtures and Equipment free and clear of all Liens except for (a) liens for current
taxes not yet due and (b) zoning laws and other land use restrictions that do not impair the present or anticipated use of the property
subject thereto.

(x)
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents, patent rights, copyrights,
inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights and all applications
and registrations therefor (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now
conducted and presently proposed to be conducted. The Company does not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries
of Intellectual Property Rights of others. There is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought, or to the knowledge of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, being threatened, against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries regarding its Intellectual Property
Rights. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is aware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing
infringements or claims, actions or proceedings. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect
the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their Intellectual Property Rights.

18

(y)
Environmental Laws. (i) The Company and its Subsidiaries (A) are in compliance with any and all Environmental Laws (as defined
below), (B) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their
respective businesses and (C) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where, in each
of the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater,
land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases
of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials)
into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

(ii)
No Hazardous Materials:

(A)
have been disposed of or otherwise released from any Real Property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in violation of any Environmental
Laws; or

(B)
are present on, over, beneath, in or upon any Real Property or any portion thereof in quantities that would constitute a violation of
any Environmental Laws. No prior use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Real Property has occurred that violates any Environmental
Laws, which violation would have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii)
(iii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries knows of any other person who or entity which has stored, treated, recycled, disposed
of or otherwise located on any Real Property any Hazardous Materials, including, without limitation, such substances as asbestos and
polychlorinated biphenyls.

19

(iv)
(iv) None of the Real Properties are on any federal or state Superfund list or Liability Information System (CERCLIS)
list or any state environmental agency list of sites under consideration for CERCLIS, nor subject to any environmental related Liens.

(z)
Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has timely made or filed all foreign, federal and state income and all
other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has timely paid all taxes and other
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company is not operated in such a manner as to qualify as a passive foreign investment company, as defined
in Section 1297 of the Code.

(aa)
Internal Accounting and Disclosure Controls. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
maintains internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) that is effective
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, including that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of liabilities
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
and liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect
to any difference. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act) that are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the SEC, including, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and its principal financial officer or officers, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice or correspondence from any accountant, Governmental Entity or other Person relating to any potential material
weakness or significant deficiency in any part of the internal controls over financial reporting of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

20

(bb)
Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act
filings and is not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(cc)
Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon consummation of the sale of the New Securities will not be, an investment
company, an affiliate of an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company or an
affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(dd)
Acknowledgement Regarding Holders Trading Activity. It is understood and acknowledged by the Company that (i) following
the public disclosure of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Documents, in accordance with the terms thereof, the Holder has
not been asked by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has the Holder agreed with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
to desist from effecting any transactions in or with respect to (including, without limitation, purchasing or selling, long and/or short)
any securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold any of the
New Securities for any specified term; (ii) the Holder, and counterparties in derivative transactions to which any the
Holder is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock which was established
prior to the Holders knowledge of the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Documents; (iii) the Holder shall not be deemed
to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counterparty in any derivative transaction; and (iv)
the Holder may rely on the Companys obligation to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange,
as applicable, of the New Securities as and when required pursuant to the Exchange Documents for purposes of effecting trading in the
Common Stock of the Company. The Company further understands and acknowledges that following the public disclosure of the transactions
contemplated by the Exchange Documents pursuant to the 8-K Filing (as defined below) the Holder may engage in hedging and/or trading
activities (including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock) at various times during
the period that the New Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the value and/or number of
the New Conversion Shares deliverable with respect to the New Preferred Shares are being determined and such hedging and/or trading activities
(including, without limitation, the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock), if any, can reduce the value of
the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities are
being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of this
Agreement, the New Certificate of Designations or any other Exchange Document or any of the documents executed in connection herewith
or therewith.

(ee)
Manipulation of Price. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Person acting
on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, (i) taken any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation
of the price of any security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the New Securities,
(ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the New Securities, (iii) paid or agreed
to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or (iv) paid or agreed to pay any Person for research services with respect to any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

21

(ff)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or has ever been, and so long as any
of the New Preferred Shares are held by any of the Holders, shall become, a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Code, and the Company and each Subsidiary shall so certify upon the Holders request.

(gg)
Transfer Taxes. On the date hereof, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income or similar taxes) which are required
to be paid in connection with the issuance, exchange and transfer of the New Preferred Shares to be issued to the Holder hereunder will
be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been complied
with.

(hh)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of
a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ii)
Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the best of
the Companys knowledge (after reasonable inquiry of its officers and directors), any of the officers, directors, employees, agents
or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company
or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution
or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i) as a kickback or bribe to any Person
or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal
political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(jj)
Money Laundering. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with, and have not previously violated, the USA Patriot Act
of 2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws,
regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, without
limitation, (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons
Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained in 31 CFR,
Subtitle B, Chapter V.

22

(kk)
Management. During the past five year period, no current officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been
the subject of:

(i)
a petition under bankruptcy laws or any other insolvency or moratorium law or the appointment by a court of a receiver, fiscal agent
or similar officer for such Person, or any partnership in which such person was a general partner at or within two years before the filing
of such petition or such appointment, or any corporation or business association of which such person was an executive officer at or
within two years before the time of the filing of such petition or such appointment;

(ii)
a conviction in a criminal proceeding or a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations that do not relate
to driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence);

(iii)
any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining any such person from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities:

(1)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission or an associated person of
any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director
or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct
or practice in connection with such activity;

(2)
Engaging in any particular type of business practice; or

(3)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
securities laws or commodities laws;

(iv)
any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting
for more than sixty (60) days the right of any such person to engage in any activity described in the preceding sub paragraph, or to
be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

23

(v)
a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or other authority to have violated any securities law,
regulation or decree and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC or any other authority has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated; or

(vi)
a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated.

(ll)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the applicable stock
option plan of the Company and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such
stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys stock option
plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no policy or practice of the Company to
knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public
announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(mm)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no material disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably
anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company
and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which would be reasonably likely to affect the
Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Exchange Documents. In addition, on or prior to the date hereof,
the Company had discussions with its accountants about its financial statements previously filed with the SEC. Based on those discussions,
the Company has no reason to believe that it will need to restate any such financial statements or any part thereof.

(nn)
No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with the Holder with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Exchange Documents other than as specified in the Exchange Documents.

(oo)
Public Utility Holding Act None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a holding company, or an affiliate
of a holding company, as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding Act of 2005.

(pp)
Federal Power Act. None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation as a public utility
under the Federal Power Act, as amended.

24

(qq)
Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks,
hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate
and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries
as currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Companys business. The Company and its Subsidiaries
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards
to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax
identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number;
(ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act,
as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA);
and (v) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection
or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no breaches, violations,
outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the
duty to notify any other person or such, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same except in each
case, where such would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The
Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy
and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification except in each case, where such would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(rr)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in compliance with all applicable
state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance
with, the GDPR (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws) except in each case, where such would not, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To ensure compliance with the Privacy
Laws, the Company and its Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance
in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure,
handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company and its Subsidiaries have at all times made
all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures
made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory
rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has received notice
of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge
of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for,
in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any
order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

25

(ss)
No Consideration Paid. No commission or other remuneration has been paid by Company for soliciting the exchange of the Exchange
Notes and Exchange Warrants for the New Primary Securities as contemplated hereby.

(tt)
Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Holders or
their agents or counsel with any information that constitutes or could reasonably be expected to constitute material, non-public information
concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than the existence of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
other Exchange Documents. The Company understands and confirms that each of the Holders will rely on the foregoing representations in
effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure provided to the Holders regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries,
their businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the schedules to this Agreement, furnished by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is true and correct as of the date furnished and does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact as of the date furnished necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. All of the written information furnished after the date hereof by or
on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to the Holder pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and the other Exchange
Documents, taken as a whole, will be true and correct in all material respects as of the date on which such information is so provided
and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or
information exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, liabilities, prospects,
operations (including results thereof) or conditions (financial or otherwise), which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires
public disclosure at or before the date hereof or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly disclosed. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Holder has not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 6 below.

6.
Representations and Warranties of Holders. The Holder represents and warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof and
as of the Closing Date, as follows:

(a)
Organization and Authority. The Holder has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Holder and the consummation by Holder of the transactions contemplated
hereby has been duly authorized by Holders board of directors or other governing body. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Holder and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Holder, enforceable against Holder in accordance with
its terms.

26

(b)
Ownership of Exchange Notes and Exchange Warrants. The Holder owns the Exchange Notes (subject to any reductions in connection
with any conversion thereof prior to the Closing Date) free and clear of any Liens (other than the obligations pursuant to this Agreement,
the Transaction Documents and applicable securities laws). Solely as of the date hereof, the Holder owns the Exchange Warrants free and
clear of any Liens (other than the obligations pursuant to this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and applicable securities laws).

(c)
Reliance on Exemptions. The Holder understands that the New Securities are being offered and exchanged in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying in part
upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Holders compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments
and understandings of the Holder set forth herein and in the Exchange Documents in order to determine the availability of such exemptions
and the eligibility of the Holder to acquire the New Securities.

(d)
Validity; Enforcement. This Agreement and the Exchange Documents to which the Holder is a party have been duly and validly authorized,
executed and delivered on behalf of the Holder and shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Holder enforceable
against the Holder in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity
or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally,
the enforcement of applicable creditors rights and remedies.

(e)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Holder of this Agreement and the Exchange Documents to which the
Holder is a party, and the consummation by the Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation
of the organizational documents of the Holder or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse
of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of,
any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Holder is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws) applicable to the Holder, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii)
above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Holder to perform its obligations hereunder.

27

(f)
Transfer or Resale. The Holder understands that: (i) the New Securities have not been and, except as provided in the New Registration
Rights Agreement, are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws, are and will be offered and sold in reliance
upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving any public offering and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned
or transferred unless (A) subsequently registered thereunder, (B) the Holder shall have delivered to the Company (if requested by the
Company) an opinion of counsel, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect that such New Securities to be sold, assigned
or transferred may be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, or (C) the Holder provides the Company
with reasonable assurance that such New Securities can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144; (ii) any sale of the New
Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144, and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable,
any resale of the New Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed
to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or
the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder; and (iii) except as set forth in the New Registration Rights Agreement,
if any, neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the New Securities under the 1933 Act or any state
securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the New Securities
may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other loan or financing arrangement secured by the New Securities, subject
to the requirements of applicable laws, and such pledge of New Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of
the New Securities hereunder, and the Holder effecting a pledge of New Securities shall not be required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Exchange Document, including, without
limitation, this Section 6(f).

(g)
No Consideration Paid. No commission or other remuneration has been paid by the Holder for soliciting the exchange of the Exchange
Notes and Exchange Warrants for the New Primary Securities as contemplated hereby.

7.
Disclosure of Transaction. The Company shall, on or before 9:30 a.m., New York City Time, on the first (1st) Business
Day after the date of this Agreement, file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated hereby
in the form required by the 1934 Act and attaching the Exchange Documents, to the extent they are required to be filed under the 1934
Act, that have not previously been filed with the SEC by the Company (including, without limitation, this Agreement, the form of New
Preferred Warrant, the form of Leak-Out Agreement and the New Registration Rights Agreement) as exhibits to such filing (including all
attachments, the 8-K Filing). From and after the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company shall have disclosed all
material, non-public information (if any) provided up to such time to the Holder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective officers, directors, employees or agents. In addition, effective upon the filing of the 8-K Filing, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated
by the Exchange Documents or as otherwise disclosed in the 8-K Filing, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective officers, directors, affiliates, employees or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Holder or any of their
affiliates, on the other hand, shall terminate. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries nor the Holder shall issue any press releases or
any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby without the consent of the other party; provided,
however, the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Holder, to make a press release or other public disclosure
with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously therewith or (ii) as is required
by applicable law and regulations (provided that in the case of clause (i) the Holder shall be consulted by the Company in connection
with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its release). Without the prior written consent of the Holder (which
may be granted or withheld in the Holders sole discretion), except as required by applicable law, the Company shall not (and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries and affiliates to not) disclose the name of the Holder in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise.

28

8.
No Integration. None of the Company, its Subsidiaries, any of their affiliates, or any Person acting on their behalf shall,
directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales of any security (as defined in the Securities Act) or solicit any offers to buy any
security or take any other actions, under circumstances that would require registration of the New Securities under the Securities Act
or cause this offering of the New Securities to be integrated with such offering or any prior offerings by the Company for purposes of
Regulation D under the Securities Act.

9.
Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing or designation for quotation (as applicable) of all of the New Conversion
Shares upon the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance). The Company shall maintain the Common Stocks authorization
for quotation on the Principal Market. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action which would be reasonably
expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses
in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 9.

10.
Fees. The Company shall reimburse, on demand, (i) an aggregate non-accountable amount equal to $80,000 Kelley Drye &
Warren LLP (the KDW Legal Fee Amount) and (ii) an aggregate non-accountable amount equal to $25,000 Greentree Financial
Group, Inc (the Greentree Legal Fee Amount, together with the KDW Legal Fee Amount, the Legal Fee Amounts)
for all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with preparing and delivering this Agreement (including, without limitation,
all legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith, and due diligence in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby)
and other amounts.

11.
Blue Sky. The Company shall make all filings and reports relating to the Exchange as required under applicable securities
or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States following the date hereof, if any.

12.
Effective Date. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall be deemed effective as of such date that Company
and the Holder shall have duly executed and delivered this Agreement (the Effective Date).

13.
No Commissions. Neither the Company nor the Holder has paid or given, or will pay or give, to any person, any commission,
fee or other remuneration, directly or indirectly, in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

14.
Termination. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Effective Date has not occurred
and the Company does not deliver the New Preferred Shares to the Holder, in accordance with Section 1 hereof, then, at the election of
the Holder delivered in writing to the Company at any time after the one year anniversary of the date hereof, this Agreement shall be
terminated and be null and void ab initio and the Exchange Notes and Exchange Warrants shall not be cancelled hereunder and shall remain
outstanding as if this Agreement never existed.

29

15.
Conversion Procedures. The form of Conversion Notice (as defined in the New Certificate of Designations) included in the
New Preferred Shares sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Holder in order to exercise the New Preferred Shares.
No legal opinion or other information or instructions shall be required of the Holder to exercise the New Preferred Shares. The Company
shall honor exercises of the New Preferred Shares and shall deliver the New Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the New Preferred Shares. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Conversion Notice shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Conversion Notice form be required
in order to exercise the New Preferred Shares.

16.
Reservation of Shares. So long as any portion of the New Preferred Shares remains outstanding, the Company shall take all
action necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, no less than (a) 100% of the maximum number
of New Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the New Preferred Warrants and (b) (I) if prior to the Stockholder Approval
Date, 38,500,000 New Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the New Preferred Shares (clauses (a) and (b)(I) collectively, the
Effective Date Required Reserve Amount) or (II) if on or after the Stockholder Approval Date, 100% of the maximum
number of the New Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the New Preferred Shares then outstanding (assuming for purposes hereof
that (x) the New Preferred Shares are convertible at the Floor Price (as defined the New Certificate of Designations) then in effect,
(y) dividends on the New Preferred Shares shall accrue through January 8, 2030 and will be converted in shares of Common Stock at a dividend
conversion price equal to the Floor Price then in effect, and (z) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on
the conversion of the New Preferred Shares set forth in the New Certificate of Designations) (clause (a) and (b)(II), collectively, the
Closing Date Required Reserve Amount, and together with the Effective Date Required Reserve Amount, each a Required
Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable,
reserved pursuant to this Section 16 be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any conversion of the New Preferred Shares
or exercise of any New Preferred Warrants, as applicable. If at any time the number of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock,
as applicable, authorized and reserved for issuance by the Company is not sufficient to meet the applicable Required Reserve Amount,
the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a sufficient number of shares, including, without
limitation, calling a special meeting of shareholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Companys obligations pursuant
to the Exchange Documents, in the case of an insufficient number of authorized shares, obtain shareholder approval of an increase in
such authorized number of shares, and voting the management shares of the Company in favor of an increase in the authorized shares of
the Company to ensure that the number of authorized shares is sufficient to meet the applicable Required Reserve Amount.

17.
Pledge of New Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that the New Securities may be pledged by an Holder in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing
arrangement that is secured by the New Securities, subject to the requirements of applicable laws. The pledge of New Securities shall
not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the New Securities hereunder, and no Holder effecting a pledge of New Securities
shall be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement
or any other Exchange Document, including, without limitation, Section 6(f) hereof; provided that an Holder and its pledgee shall be
required to comply with the provisions of Section 6(f) hereof in order to effect a sale, transfer or assignment of New Securities to
such pledgee. The Company hereby agrees to execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the New Securities may reasonably request
in connection with a pledge of the New Securities to such pledgee by the Holder.

30

18.
Stockholder Approval. The Company shall either (x) if the Company shall have obtained the prior written consent of the
requisite stockholders (the Stockholder Consent) to obtain the Stockholder Approval (as defined below), inform the
stockholders of the Company of the receipt of the Stockholder Consent by preparing and filing with the SEC, as promptly as practicable
after the date hereof, but prior to the forty-fifth (45th) calendar day after the date hereof (or, if such filing is delayed by a court
or regulatory agency, in no event later than ninety (90) calendar days after the date hereof), an information statement with respect
thereto or (y) provide each stockholder entitled to vote at a special meeting of stockholders of the Company (the Stockholder
Meeting), which shall be promptly called and held not later than ninety (90) days after the date hereof (the Stockholder
Meeting Deadline), a proxy statement, in each case, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Holders and Kelley Drye & Warren
LLP, at the expense of the Company, with the Company obligated to reimburse the expenses of Kelley Drye & Warren LLP incurred in
connection therewith in an amount not exceed $5,000. The proxy statement, if any, shall solicit each of the Companys stockholders
affirmative vote at the Stockholder Meeting for approval of resolutions (Stockholder Resolutions) providing for
(i) the issuance of all of the New Securities in compliance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Capital Market (without regard
to any limitations on conversion set forth in the New Certificate of Designations), (ii) the grant of discretionary authority to the
Companys Board of Directors to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to effect one or more consolidations of the issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock, pursuant to which the shares of Common Stock would be combined and reclassified into one share of Common Stock
at a ratio within the range from 1-for-5 up to 1-for-75 (each, a Reverse Stock Split), provided that, any Reverse
Stock Split is completed no later than the first anniversary of the record date of the Stockholder Meeting and (iii) an increase of the
authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 100,000,000 to 500,000,000 (such affirmative approval being referred to herein
as the Stockholder Approval, and the date such Stockholder Approval is obtained, the Stockholder Approval
Date), and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such resolutions
and to cause the Board of Directors of the Company to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such resolutions. The Company shall
be obligated to seek to obtain the Stockholder Approval by the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Companys reasonable
best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained on or prior to the Stockholder Meeting Deadline, the Company shall cause an additional
Stockholder Meeting to be held on or prior to sixty (60) days after the Stockholder Meeting Deadline. If, despite the Companys
reasonable best efforts the Stockholder Approval is not obtained after such subsequent stockholder meetings, the Company shall cause
an additional Stockholder Meeting to be held semi-annually thereafter until such Stockholder Approval is obtained.

19.
Pledge of New Securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that the New Securities may be pledged by a Holder in connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing
arrangement that is secured by the New Securities. The pledge of New Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment
of the New Securities hereunder, and no Holder effecting a pledge of New Securities shall be required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Exchange Document, including, without
limitation, Section 6(f) hereof; provided that a Holder and its pledgee shall be required to comply with the provisions of Section 6(f)
hereof in order to effect a sale, transfer or assignment of New Securities to such pledgee. The Company hereby agrees to execute and
deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the New Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the New Securities
to such pledgee by the Holder.

31

20.
Holding Period. For the purposes of Rule 144, the Company acknowledges that the holding period of the New Exchange Preferred
Shares (and upon conversion of the New Exchange Preferred Shares, the New Exchange Conversion Shares) may be tacked onto both the holding
period of the Exchange Notes and the Exchange Warrants, and the Company agrees not to take a position contrary to this Section 20. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that, subject to the Holders representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Agreement,
New Exchange Preferred Shares (and upon conversion of the New Exchange Preferred Shares , the New Exchange Conversion Shares) shall not
be required to bear any restrictive legend and shall be freely transferable by the Holder pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144,
provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Holder shall not be an affiliate of the Company and shall not have been an affiliate during
the 90 days preceding the date of any transfer.

21.
Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

22.
Register; Transfer Agent Instructions; Legend.

(a)
Register. The Company shall maintain at its principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may
designate by notice to each Holder), a register for the New Primary Securities in which the Company shall record the name and address
of the Person in whose name the New Primary Securities has been issued (including the name and address of each transferee), the number
of New Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of any New Preferred Warrants held by such Person and the number of New Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of the New Preferred Shares held by such Person. The Company shall keep the register open and available
at all times during business hours for inspection of the Holder or its legal representatives.

(b)
Transfer Agent Instructions. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer
agent (the Transfer Agent) and, prior to obtaining any subsequent transfer agent, the Company shall issue irrevocable
instructions to any subsequent transfer agent, in each case, in a form acceptable to the Holder (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions) to issue certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at the Depository Trust Company (DTC),
registered in the name of the Holder or its respective nominee(s), for the New Conversion Shares in such amounts as specified from time
to time by the Holder to the Company upon the conversion of the New Preferred Shares. The Company represents and warrants that no instruction
other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 22(b) will be given by the Company to its Transfer
Agent with respect to the New Conversion Shares, and that the New Conversion Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books
and records of the Company, as applicable, to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Exchange Documents. If the Holder effects
a sale, assignment or transfer of the New Conversion Shares, subject to applicable laws, the Company shall permit the transfer and shall
promptly instruct its Transfer Agent to issue one or more certificates or credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC in
such name and in such denominations as specified by the Holder to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that
the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 22(b) will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 22(b) that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. The Company shall cause its counsel to issue each legal
opinion referred to in the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the Transfer Agent as follows: (i) upon each conversion of the
New Preferred Shares (unless such issuance is covered by a prior legal opinion previously delivered to the Transfer Agent), and (ii)
on each date a registration statement with respect to the issuance or resale of any of the New Conversion Shares is declared effective
by the SEC. Any fees (with respect to the Transfer Agent, counsel to the Company or otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinions
or the removal of any legends on any of the New Conversion Shares shall be borne by the Company.

32

(c)
Legends. The Holder understands that the New Primary Securities have been issued (or will be issued in the case of the New Warrant
Preferred Shares and the New Conversion Shares) pursuant to an exemption from registration or qualification under the 1933 Act and applicable
state securities laws, and except as set forth below, the New Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky
laws of any state and a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer
of such stock certificates):

[NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE][EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN][THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN] REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A)
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO
THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID
ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES
MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

(d)
Removal of Legends. Certificates evidencing New Securities shall not be required to contain the legend set forth in Section 22(c)
above or any other legend (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such New Securities is effective under the 1933 Act,
(ii) following any sale of such New Securities pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming neither the transferor nor the transferee is an affiliate
of the Company), (iii) if such New Securities are eligible to be sold, assigned or transferred under Rule 144 (provided that the Holder
provides the Company with reasonable assurances that such New Securities are eligible for sale, assignment or transfer under Rule 144
which shall not include an opinion of Holders counsel), (iv) in connection with a sale, assignment or other transfer (other than
under Rule 144), provided that the Holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel to the Holder, in a generally acceptable form,
to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer of the New Securities may be made without registration under the applicable requirements
of the 1933 Act or (v) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the 1933 Act (including, without limitation, controlling
judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the SEC). If a legend is not required pursuant to the foregoing with respect to
such New Securities, the Company shall no later than one (1) Trading Day (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or
other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the date the Holder delivers such legended certificate
representing such New Securities to the Company) following the delivery by the Holder to the Company or the transfer agent (with notice
to the Company) of a legended certificate representing such New Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed,
and otherwise in form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer, if applicable), together with any other deliveries from the
Holder as may be required above in this Section 22(d), as directed by the Holder, either: (A) provided that the Companys transfer
agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program and such New Securities are New Conversion Shares, credit
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holders or its designees balance
account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system or (B) if the Companys transfer agent is not participating
in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (FAST), issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier)
to the Holder, a certificate representing such New Securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends, registered in the
name of the Holder or its designee (the date by which such credit is so required to be made to the balance account of the Holders
or the Holders nominee with DTC or such certificate is required to be delivered to the Holder pursuant to the foregoing is referred
to herein as the Required Delivery Date, and the date such shares of Common Stock are actually delivered without
restrictive legend to the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC, as applicable, the Share Delivery Date).
The Company shall be responsible for any transfer agent fees or DTC fees with respect to any issuance of New Securities or the removal
of any legends with respect to any New Securities in accordance herewith.

33

(e)
Failure to Timely Deliver; Buy-In. If the Company fails, for any reason or for no reason, to issue and deliver (or cause to be
delivered) to the Holder (or its designee) by the Required Delivery Date, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, a certificate
for the number of New Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled and register such New Conversion Shares on the Companys
share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders
designee with DTC for such number of New Conversion Shares submitted for legend removal by the Holder pursuant to Section 22(d) above
(a Delivery Failure), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, the Company shall pay in
cash to the Holder on each day after the Share Delivery Date and during such Delivery Failure an amount equal to 2% of the product of
(A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Required Delivery Date and to which the
Holder is entitled, and (B) any trading price of the Common Stock selected by the Holder in writing as in effect at any time during the
period beginning on the date of the delivery by the Holder to the Company of the applicable New Conversion Shares and ending on the applicable
Share Delivery Date. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Required Delivery Date if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in FAST, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder and register such shares of Common Stock on the Companys
share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST, credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee
with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder submitted for legend removal by the Holder pursuant to Section
22(d) above, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder acquires (in an open market transaction, stock loan or otherwise) shares
of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder
is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with such Delivery Failure (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall, within one (1) Trading Day after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i)
pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan costs
and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any, for the shares of Common Stock so acquired) (the Buy-In Price), at which
point the Companys obligation to so deliver such certificate or credit the Holders balance account shall terminate and
such shares shall be cancelled, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates or credit
the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC representing such number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been so delivered if the Company timely complied with its obligations hereunder and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to
the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of shares of New Conversion Shares that the Company was required
to deliver to the Holder by the Required Delivery Date multiplied by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price (as defined in the New Certificate
of Designations) of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by the Holder to the
Company of the applicable New Conversion Shares and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii). Nothing shall
limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates
representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) as required pursuant to the terms hereof.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any given Delivery Failure, this Section 22(e) shall not apply to the
applicable Holder the extent the Company has already paid such amounts in full to the Holder with respect to such Delivery Failure pursuant
to the analogous sections of the New Certificate of Designations.

(f)
FAST Compliance. While the New Preferred Shares or New Preferred Warrants remain outstanding, the Company shall maintain a transfer
agent that participates in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

[The
remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]

34

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Holder and the Company have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth on the signature page of the Holder
below.

COMPANY:

TRUGOLF HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION
CORP.)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Holder and the Company have executed this Agreement as of this ___ of ______, 2025.

HOLDER:

[HOLDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Outstanding Amount of Exchange
Notes:

__________________

Aggregate Number of Shares of Common Stock
Issuable Upon Exercise of Exchange Warrants:

___________________

Aggregate Number of Initial New Exchange
Preferred Shares:

___________________

Aggregate Number of Additional New Exchange
Preferred Shares:

___________________

Aggregate Number of Shares of Series A
Preferred Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of New Preferred Warrants:

___________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATIONS OF RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES OF

SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF

TRUGOLF HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION CORP.)

I,
Christopher Jones, hereby certify that I am the Chief Executive Officer of TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)
(the Company), a corporation organized and existing under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL),
and further do hereby certify:

That
pursuant to the authority expressly conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) by the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation), and Section 151(g) of the DGCL, the
Board on March 31, 2025 adopted the following resolution determining it desirable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders
for the Company to create a series of fifty thousand (50,000) shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, none of which shares have been issued, to be issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreements (as defined in below),
in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement:

RESOLVED,
that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board, in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, a series of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company be and hereby is created pursuant to this certificate of designations (this
Certificate of Designations), and that the designation and number of shares established pursuant hereto and the
voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

TERMS
OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

1.
Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and established a series of preferred stock of the Company designated
as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock). The authorized
number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares) shall be fifty thousand (50,000)
shares (including thirty seven thousand and thirty three (37,033) Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Preferred Warrants).
Each Preferred Share shall have a par value of $0.0001 per share. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set
forth in Section 31 below.

2.
Ranking. Except to the extent that the Required Holders (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) expressly consent to the creation
of Parity Stock (as defined below) or Senior Preferred Stock (as defined below) in accordance with Section 16, all shares of capital
stock of the Company shall be junior in rank to all Preferred Shares with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and
payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company (such junior stock is referred to herein collectively as Junior
Stock). For the avoidance of doubt, the Preferred Shares will, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation,
winding-up and dissolution, rank (A) junior to the Senior Preferred Stock, (B) on parity with the Parity Stock and (C) senior to the
Junior Stock. The rights of all such shares of capital stock of the Company shall be subject to the rights, powers, preferences and privileges
of the Preferred Shares. Without limiting any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, without the prior express consent
of the Required Holders, voting separately as a single class, the Company shall not hereafter authorize or issue any additional or other
shares of capital stock that is (i) of senior rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions
and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company (collectively, the Senior Preferred Stock)
(ii) of pari passu rank to the Preferred Shares in respect of the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation,
dissolution and winding up of the Company (collectively, the Parity Stock) or (iii) any Junior Stock having a maturity
date or any other date requiring redemption or repayment of such shares of Junior Stock that is prior to the second anniversary of the
Initial Issuance Date. In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, the Preferred Shares
shall maintain their relative rights, powers, designations, privileges and preferences provided for herein and no such merger or consolidation
shall result inconsistent therewith.

3.
Dividends.

(a)
From and after the first date of issuance of any Preferred Shares (the Initial Issuance Date), the Preferred Shares
shall commence accruing dividends (Dividends) at the Dividend Rate computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve
30-day months. Dividends shall be payable in arrears on the first Trading Day of each Fiscal Quarter (each, an Dividend Date)
with the first Dividend Date being the first Trading Day of the initial Fiscal Quarter commencing after the Initial Issuance Date. Dividends
shall be payable on each Dividend Date, to each record holder (each, a Holder, and collectively, the Holders)
of Preferred Shares on the applicable Dividend Date, in shares of Common Stock (Dividend Shares) so long as no Equity
Conditions Failure exists; provided however, that the Company may, at its option following notice to each Holder, capitalize such Dividend
by increasing the Stated Value of each Preferred Share on such Dividend Date (Capitalized Dividend) or in a combination
of a Capitalized Dividend and a payment in Dividend Shares. The Company shall deliver a written notice (each, an Dividend Election
Notice) to each Holder of the Preferred Shares on or prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day immediately prior to
the applicable Dividend Date (each, an Dividend Notice Due Date) (the date such notice is delivered to all of the
Holders, the Dividend Notice Date) which notice (i) either (A) confirms that Dividend to be paid on such Dividend
Date shall be paid entirely in Dividend Shares or (B) elects to effect a Capitalized Dividend or a combination of Capitalized Dividend
and a payment in Dividend Shares and specifies the amount of Dividend that shall be a Capitalized Dividend and the amount of Dividend,
if any, that shall be paid in Dividend Shares and (ii) to the extent Dividend Shares are being issued, certifies that there has been
no Equity Conditions Failure. If an Equity Conditions Failure exists as of the Dividend Notice Date, then unless the Company has elected
to effect a Capitalized Dividend, the Dividend Election Notice shall indicate that unless such applicable Holder waives the Equity Conditions
Failure, the Dividend shall be effected as a Capitalized Dividend. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if no Equity Conditions
Failure exists as of the Dividend Notice Date, but an Equity Conditions Failure occurs at any time prior to the Dividend Date, (A) the
Company shall provide each Holder a subsequent notice to that effect and (B) unless such applicable Holder waives such Equity Conditions
Failure, the Dividend shall be paid to such Holder in cash or as a Capitalized Dividend. Dividend to be paid on a Dividend Date in Dividend
Shares shall be paid in a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares (rounded to the nearest whole share) of Common Stock equal to
the quotient of (1) the amount of Dividend payable on such Dividend Date less any Capitalized Dividend and (2) the Dividend Conversion
Price in effect on the applicable Dividend Date.

2

(b)
When any Dividend Shares are to be paid on a Dividend Date to a Holder, the Company shall (i) (A) provided that the Companys transfer
agent (the Transfer Agent) is participating in the Depository Trust Company (DTC) Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program (FAST), credit such aggregate number of Dividend Shares to which such Holder shall be
entitled to such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system,
or (B) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST, issue and deliver on the applicable Dividend Date, to the address set forth
in the register maintained by the Company for such purpose pursuant to the Exchange Agreements or to such address as specified by such
Holder in writing to the Company at least two (2) Business Days prior to the applicable Dividend Date, a certificate, registered in the
name of such Holder or its designee, for the number of Dividend Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled and (ii) with respect to
each Dividend Date, increase the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares by the amount of any Capitalized Dividend; provided that in the
event of the Conversion Floor Price Condition, on the applicable Dividend Date the Stated Value of the remaining Preferred Shares of
such Holder shall automatically increase, pro rata, by the applicable Dividend Floor Amount or, at the Companys option, the Company
shall deliver the applicable Dividend Floor Amount to such applicable Holder on the applicable Dividend Date.

(c)
Prior to the payment of Dividends on a Dividend Date, Dividends on the Preferred Shares shall accrue at the Dividend Rate and be payable
by way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with Section 4(b) or upon any
redemption in accordance with Section 9 or upon any required payment upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event. From and after the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Triggering Event, the Dividend Rate in effect with respect to such determination shall automatically
be increased to the Default Rate. In the event that such Triggering Event is subsequently cured (and no other Triggering Event then exists
(including, without limitation, for the Companys failure to pay such Dividends at the Default Rate on the applicable Dividend
Date)), the adjustment referred to in the preceding sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following
the date of such cure; provided that the Dividends as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such Triggering
Event shall continue to apply to the extent relating to the days after the occurrence of such Triggering Event through and including
the date of such cure of such Triggering Event.

4.
Conversion. At any time after the Initial Issuance Date, each Preferred Share shall be convertible into validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares), on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Section 4.

(a)
Holders Conversion Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(d), at any time or times on or after the Initial
Issuance Date, each Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding Preferred Shares held by such Holder into validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable Conversion Shares in accordance with Section 4(c) at the Conversion Rate (as defined
below). The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion. If the issuance would result in the
issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share of Common Stock up to the nearest
whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer Agent)) that may be payable with respect to
the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares.

3

(b)
Conversion Rate. Except as otherwise provided herein, the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any Preferred
Share pursuant to this Section 4 shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Share by (y) the Conversion
Price (or, with respect to the conversion of any Make-Whole Amount, the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable Conversion Date
(as defined below)) (the Conversion Rate).

(i)
For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, the term Conversion Amount means, with respect to each Preferred
Share, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the Stated Value thereof plus (2) any Additional Amount thereon
as of such date of determination plus (3) the Make-Whole Amount, if any, plus (4) any other amounts owed to such Holder
pursuant to this Certificate of Designations or any other Exchange Document (as defined in the Exchange Agreements).

(ii)
For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, the term Conversion Price means, with respect to each Preferred
Share, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $1.00, subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)
Mechanics of Conversion. The conversion of each Preferred Share shall be conducted in the following manner:

(i)
Optional Conversion. To convert one or more Preferred Shares into Conversion Shares on any date (a Conversion Date),
a Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date,
a copy of an executed notice of conversion of the Preferred Share(s) subject to such conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company. If required by Section 4(c)(ii), within two (2)
Trading Days following a conversion of any such Preferred Shares as aforesaid, such Holder shall surrender to a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company the original certificates, if any, representing the Preferred Shares (the Preferred
Share Certificates) so converted as aforesaid (or an indemnification undertaking with respect to the Preferred Shares in the
case of its loss, theft or destruction as contemplated by Section 18(b)). On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following
the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit by electronic mail an acknowledgment of confirmation and representation
as to whether such shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective and available registration statement,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, of receipt of such Conversion Notice to such Holder and the Transfer Agent,
which confirmation shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance with the terms
set forth herein. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following each date on which the Company has received a Conversion
Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a
trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share
Delivery Deadline), the Company shall (1) provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST and such shares of Common
Stock (i) (A) may then be sold by the applicable Holder pursuant to an available and effective registration statement and (B) such Holder
provides such documentation or other information evidencing the sale of the shares of Common Stock as the Company, the Transfer Agent
or legal counsel to the Company shall reasonably request (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include the requirement of a medallion
guarantee or a legal opinion) or (ii) may be sold by such Holder pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, as applicable (the Resale
Eligibility Conditions), credit such aggregate number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled pursuant
to such conversion to such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian
system, or (2) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions are not satisfied, upon the request
of such Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in such Conversion Notice, a certificate,
registered in the name of such Holder or its designee, for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder shall be entitled; provided
that in the event of the Conversion Floor Price Condition, on the applicable Conversion Date the Stated Value of the remaining Preferred
Shares of such Holder shall automatically increase, pro rata, by the applicable Make-Whole Floor Amount or, at the Companys option,
the Company shall deliver the applicable Make-Whole Floor Amount to such applicable Holder on the applicable Conversion Date. If the
number of Preferred Shares represented by the Preferred Share Certificate(s) submitted for conversion pursuant to Section 4(c)(ii)
is greater than the number of Preferred Shares being converted, then the Company shall, as soon as practicable and in no event later
than two (2) Trading Days after receipt of the Preferred Share Certificate(s) and at its own expense, issue and mail to such Holder (or
its designee) by overnight courier service a new Preferred Share Certificate or a new Book-Entry (in either case, in accordance with
Section 18(d)) representing the number of Preferred Shares not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Conversion
Shares issuable upon a conversion of Preferred Shares shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Conversion
Shares on the Conversion Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder delivers a Conversion Notice to the Company prior to the date
of issuance of Preferred Shares to such Holder, whereby such Holder elects to convert such Preferred Shares pursuant to such Conversion
Notice, the Share Delivery Deadline with respect to any such Conversion Notice shall be the later of (x) the date of issuance of such
Preferred Shares and (y) the first (1st) Trading Day after the date of such Conversion Notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Certificate of Designations or the Registration Rights Agreement, after the effective date of a Registration Statement
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and prior to a Holders receipt of the notice of a Grace Period (as defined in
the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall cause the Transfer Agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to such Holder
(or its designee) in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) with respect
to which such Holder has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the particular
Registration Statement to the extent applicable, and for which such Holder has not yet settled.

4

(ii)
Companys Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable
Share Delivery Deadline, either (I) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions are not satisfied,
to issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled
and register such Conversion Shares on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in FAST and the
Resale Eligibility Conditions are satisfied, to credit such Holders or its designees balance account with DTC for such
number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion of any Conversion Amount (as the case
may be) or (II) if the Registration Statement covering the resale of the Conversion Shares that are the subject of the Conversion Notice
(the Unavailable Conversion Shares) is not available for the resale of such Unavailable Conversion Shares and the
Company fails to promptly, but in no event later than as required pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (x) notify such Holder
and (y) deliver the shares of Common Stock electronically without any restrictive legend by crediting such aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to such Holders or its designees balance account
with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian system (the event described in the immediately foregoing clause (II) is hereinafter
referred to as a Notice Failure and together with the event described in clause (I) above, a Conversion
Failure), and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline such Holder acquires (in an open market transaction, stock loan
or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion
that such Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company in connection with such Conversion Failure
or Notice Failure, as applicable (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to such Holder, the
Company shall, within two (2) Business Days after receipt of such Holders request and in such Holders discretion, either:
(I) pay cash to such Holder in an amount equal to such Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan
costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other
Person in respect, or on behalf, of such Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation
to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such Conversion Shares) or credit to the balance account of such Holder or such
Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders
conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such Conversion Shares) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation
to so issue and deliver to such Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit the balance account
of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled
upon such Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to such Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any)
of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of
the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the date
of such issuance and payment under this clause (II) (each, a Buy-In Payment Amount). In addition to the foregoing,
if on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline either (A) the Transfer Agent is not participating in FAST or the Resale Eligibility Conditions
are not satisfied, the Company shall fail to issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a certificate and register such Conversion
Shares on the Companys share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in the FAST and the Resale Eligibility Conditions
are satisfied, the Transfer Agent shall fail to credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable,
with DTC for the number of Conversion Shares to which such Holder is entitled upon such Holders conversion hereunder or pursuant
to the Companys obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below or (B) a Notice Failure occurs, then, in addition to all other remedies
available to such Holder, (X) the Company shall pay in cash to such Holder on each day after the Share Delivery Deadline that the issuance
of such Conversion Shares is not timely effected an amount equal to 2% of the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares
not issued to such Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline and to which such Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any trading
price of the Common Stock selected by such Holder in writing as in effect at any time during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion
Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline and (Y) such Holder, upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion
Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned, as the case may be, all, or any portion, of such Preferred Shares that has not been
converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice; provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice shall not affect the Companys obligations
to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to this Section 4(c)(ii) or otherwise. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver certificates
representing Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of the Preferred Shares as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to any given Notice Failure and/or Conversion
Failure, as applicable, this Section 4(c)(ii) shall not apply to a Holder to the extent the Company has already paid such amounts
in full to such Holder with respect to such Notice Failure and/or Conversion Failure, as applicable, pursuant to the analogous sections
of the Exchange Agreement.

5

(iii)
Registration; Book-Entry. At the time of issuance of any Preferred Shares hereunder, the applicable Holder may, by written request
(including by electronic-mail) to the Company, elect to receive such Preferred Shares in the form of one or more Preferred Share Certificates
or in Book-Entry form. The Company (or the Transfer Agent, as custodian for the Preferred Shares) shall maintain a register (the Register)
for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Holders of each Preferred Share and the Stated Value of the Preferred Shares and
whether the Preferred Shares are held by such Holder in Preferred Share Certificates or in Book-Entry form (the Registered
Preferred Shares). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The
Company and each Holder of the Preferred Shares shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Preferred
Share for all purposes (including, without limitation, the right to receive payments and Dividends hereunder) notwithstanding notice
to the contrary. A Registered Preferred Share may be assigned, transferred or sold only by registration of such assignment or sale on
the Register. Upon its receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell one or more Registered Preferred Shares by such Holder
thereof, the Company shall record the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Preferred Shares
in the same aggregate Stated Value as the Stated Value of the surrendered Registered Preferred Shares to the designated assignee or transferee
pursuant to Section 18, provided that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of
such Registered Preferred Shares within two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated
to reflect such assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section
4, following conversion of any Preferred Shares in accordance with the terms hereof, the applicable Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender such Preferred Shares held in the form of a Preferred Share Certificate to the Company unless (A) the full or
remaining number of Preferred Shares represented by the applicable Preferred Share Certificate are being converted (in which event such
certificate(s) shall be delivered to the Company as contemplated by this Section 4(c)(ii)) or (B) such Holder has provided the Company
with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of Preferred Shares upon physical
surrender of the applicable Preferred Share Certificate. Each Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Stated Value
and Dividends converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) or shall
use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to such Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of a Preferred
Share Certificate upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Stated Value and Dividends converted and/or
paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such
occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy,
the records of the Company establishing the number of Preferred Shares to which the record holder is entitled shall be controlling and
determinative in the absence of manifest error. A Holder and any transferee or assignee, by acceptance of a certificate, acknowledge
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of any Preferred Shares, the number of Preferred
Shares represented by such certificate may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face thereof. Each Preferred Share
Certificate shall bear the following legend:

ANY
TRANSFEREE OR ASSIGNEE OF THIS CERTIFICATE SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF THE CORPORATIONS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING
TO THE SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, INCLUDING SECTION 4(c)(ii) THEREOF. THE NUMBER
OF SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE LESS THAN THE NUMBER OF SHARES OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK STATED ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 4(c)(ii) OF THE CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS RELATING TO THE SHARES
OF SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE.

6

(iv)
Pro Rata Conversion; Disputes. In the event that the Company receives a Conversion Notice from more than one Holder for the same
Conversion Date and the Company can convert some, but not all, of such Preferred Shares submitted for conversion, the Company shall convert
from each Holder electing to have Preferred Shares converted on such date a pro rata amount of such Holders Preferred Shares submitted
for conversion on such date based on the number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date by such Holder relative to
the aggregate number of Preferred Shares submitted for conversion on such date. In the event of a dispute as to the number of Conversion
Shares issuable to a Holder in connection with a conversion of Preferred Shares, the Company shall issue to such Holder the number of
Conversion Shares not in dispute and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 23. If a Conversion Notice delivered to the
Company would result in a breach of Section 4(d) below, and the applicable Holder does not elect in writing to withdraw, in whole,
such Conversion Notice, the Company shall hold such Conversion Notice in abeyance until such time as such Conversion Notice may be satisfied
without violating Section 4(d) below (with such calculations thereunder made as of the date such Conversion Notice was initially
delivered to the Company).

(d)
Limitation on Beneficial Ownership.

(i)
Beneficial Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any of the Preferred Shares held by a Holder, and such Holder
shall not have the right to convert any of the Preferred Shares held by such Holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Certificate
of Designations and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to
such conversion, such Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the
Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion.
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and the other
Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by such Holder and all other Attribution Parties plus
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares with respect to which the determination of
such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, nonconverted
Preferred Shares beneficially owned by such Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible preferred
stock or warrants, including the Preferred Shares) beneficially owned by such Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 4(d). For purposes of this Section 4(d), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of the Maximum
Percentage shall take into account the concurrent exercise and/or conversion, as applicable, of the unexercised or unconverted portion
of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Holder and/or any other Attribution Party, as applicable. For purposes
of determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock a Holder may acquire upon the conversion of such Preferred Shares without
exceeding the Maximum Percentage, such Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC,
as the case may be, (y) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent, if any, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number).
If the Company receives a Conversion Notice from a Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less
than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall notify such Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding and, to the extent that such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause such Holders beneficial ownership, as determined
pursuant to this Section 4(d), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, such Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares
of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of any
Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to such Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including such Preferred Shares, by such Holder and any other Attribution
Party since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common
Stock to a Holder upon conversion of such Preferred Shares results in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially
own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section
13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares so issued by which such Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate
beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall
be cancelled ab initio, and such Holder shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. Upon delivery of a written
notice to the Company, any Holder may from time to time increase (with such increase not effective until the sixty-first (61st)
day after delivery of such notice) or decrease the Maximum Percentage of such Holder to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% as
specified in such notice; provided that (i) any such increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st)
day after such notice is delivered to the Company and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to such Holder and the other
Attribution Parties and not to any other Holder that is not an Attribution Party of such Holder. For purposes of clarity, the shares
of Common Stock issuable to a Holder pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations in excess of the Maximum Percentage shall
not be deemed to be beneficially owned by such Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of
the 1934 Act. No prior inability to convert such Preferred Shares pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability
of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any subsequent determination of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph
shall not be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 4(d) to the
extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of this paragraph) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 4(d) or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of
such Preferred Shares.

7

(ii)
Principal Market Regulation. The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of any Preferred Shares or
otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue upon conversion of the Preferred Shares without breaching the Companys
obligations under the rules and regulations the listing rules of the Principal Market (the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which
may be issued without violating such rules and regulations, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall
not apply in the event that the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules and regulations
of the Principal Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount. Until such approval is obtained, no Holder
shall be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion of any Preferred Shares, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the product
of (i) the Exchange Cap as of the Initial Issuance Date multiplied by (ii) the quotient of (1) the aggregate number of Preferred Shares
issued to such Holder on the Initial Issuance Date, divided by (2) the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Shares and Parity Stock
outstanding as of the Initial Issuance Date (with respect to each Holder, the Exchange Cap Allocation). In the event
that any Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, the transferee shall be allocated a pro
rata portion of such Holders Exchange Cap Allocation with respect to such portion of such Preferred Shares so transferred, and
the restrictions of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation so allocated
to such transferee. Upon conversion in full of a Holders Preferred Shares, the difference (if any) between such Holders
Exchange Cap Allocation and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued to such Holder upon such Holders conversion in
full of such Preferred Shares shall be allocated, to the remaining holders of Preferred Shares and Parity Stock on a pro rata basis in
proportion to the shares of Common Stock underlying the shares of preferred stock of the Company then held by each such holder of Preferred
Shares and/or Parity Stock, as applicable.

(e)
Right of Alternate Conversion Upon a Triggering Event.

(i)
General. Subject to Section 4(d), at any time after the earlier of a Holders receipt of a Triggering Event Notice
(as defined below) and such Holder becoming aware of a Triggering Event (such earlier date, the Alternate Conversion Right
Commencement Date) and ending (such ending date, the Alternate Conversion Right Expiration Date, and
each such period, an Alternate Conversion Right Period) on the tenth (10th) Trading Day after the later
of (x) the date such Triggering Event is cured and (y) such Holders receipt of a Triggering Event Notice that includes (I) a reasonable
description of the applicable Triggering Event, (II) a certification as to whether, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, such Triggering
Event is capable of being cured and, if applicable, a reasonable description of any existing plans of the Company to cure such Triggering
Event and (III) a certification as to the date the Triggering Event occurred and, if cured on or prior to the date of such Triggering
Event Notice, the applicable Alternate Conversion Right Expiration Date, such Holder may, at such Holders option, by delivery
of a Conversion Notice to the Company (the date of any such Conversion Notice, each an Alternate Conversion Date),
convert all, or any number of Preferred Shares held by such Holder into shares of Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price (each,
an Alternate Conversion).

8

(ii)
Mechanics of Alternate Conversion. On any Alternate Conversion Date, a Holder may voluntarily convert any number of Preferred
Shares held by such Holder pursuant to Section 4(c) (with Alternate Conversion Price replacing Conversion Price
for all purposes hereunder with respect to such Alternate Conversion and with the applicable Required Premium multiplied by the
Conversion Amount replacing Conversion Amount in clause (x) of the definition of Conversion Rate in Section 4(b)
above with respect to such Alternate Conversion) by designating in the Conversion Notice delivered pursuant to this Section 4(f)(ii)
of this Certificate of Designations that such Holder is electing to use the Alternate Conversion Price for such conversion; provided
that in the event of the Conversion Floor Price Condition, on the applicable Alternate Conversion Date the Stated Value of the remaining
Preferred Shares of such Holder shall automatically increase, pro rata, by the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount or, at the
Companys option, the Company shall deliver the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount to such applicable Holder on the applicable
Alternate Conversion Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(f)(ii), but subject to Section 4(d),
until the Company delivers to such Holder the shares of Common Stock to which such Holder is entitled pursuant to the applicable Alternate
Conversion of such Holders Preferred Shares, such Preferred Shares may be converted by such Holder into shares of Common Stock
pursuant to Section 4(c) without regard to this Section 4(f)(ii). In the event of an Alternate Conversion pursuant to this
Section 4(f)(ii) of all, or any portion, of any Preferred Shares of a Holder, such Holders damages would be uncertain and
difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability
of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly, any redemption premium due under this Section 4(f)(ii),
together the Alternate Conversion Price used in such Alternate Conversion, as applicable, is intended by the parties to be, and shall
be deemed, a reasonable estimate of, such Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty.

5.
Triggering Events.

(a)
General. Each of the following events shall constitute a Triggering Event and each of the events in clauses
5(a)(x), 5(a)(xi), and 5(a)(xii), shall constitute a Bankruptcy Triggering Event:

(i)
the failure of the applicable Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) to be filed with the SEC on or
prior to the date that is five (5) days after the applicable Filing Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or the
failure of the applicable Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC on or prior to the date that is fifteen (15) days
after the applicable Effectiveness Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement);

(ii)
while the applicable Registration Statement is required to be maintained effective pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement,
the effectiveness of the applicable Registration Statement lapses for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop
order) or such Registration Statement (or the prospectus contained therein) is unavailable to any holder of Registrable Securities (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) for sale of all of such holders Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement, and such lapse or unavailability continues for a period of five (5) consecutive days or for more
than an aggregate of ten (10) days in any 365-day period (excluding days during an Allowable Grace Period (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement));

(iii)
the suspension from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period
of five (5) consecutive Trading Days;

9

(iv)
the Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock within five
(5) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or exercise date (as the case may be) or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder
of Preferred Shares, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention
not to comply, as required, with a request for conversion of any Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock that is requested in accordance
with the provisions of this Certificate of Designations, other than pursuant to Section 4(d) hereof;

(v)
except to the extent the Company is in compliance with Section 11(b) below, at any time following the tenth (10th) consecutive
day that a Holders Authorized Share Allocation (as defined in Section 11(a) below) is less than 200% of the number of shares
of Common Stock that such Holder would be entitled to receive upon a conversion, in full, of all of the Preferred Shares then held by
such Holder (assuming conversions at the Floor Price then in effect without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in this
Certificate of Designations);

(vi)
the Board fails to declare any Dividend to be paid on the applicable Dividend Date in accordance with Section 3;

(vii)
the Companys failure to pay to any Holder any Dividend on any Dividend Date (whether or not declared by the Board) or any other
amount when and as due under this Certificate of Designations (including, without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any
redemption payments or amounts hereunder), the Exchange Agreements or any other Exchange Document or any other agreement, document, certificate
or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (in each case, whether or not permitted
pursuant to the DGCL), except, in the case of a failure to pay Dividends when and as due, in each such case only if such failure remains
uncured for a period of at least two (2) Trading Days;

(viii)
the Company fails to remove any restrictive legend on any certificate or any shares of Common Stock issued to the applicable Holder upon
conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of any Securities (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) acquired by such Holder under the
Exchange Documents as and when required by such Securities or the Exchange Agreement, as applicable, unless otherwise then prohibited
by applicable federal securities laws, and any such failure remains uncured for at least five (5) days;

10

(ix)
the occurrence of any default under, redemption of or acceleration prior to maturity of at least an aggregate of $500,000 of Indebtedness
(as defined in the Exchange Agreement) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(x)
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted
by or against the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed
within sixty (60) days of their initiation;

(xi)
the commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the
consent by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or
the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the
Company or any Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial
Code foreclosure sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(xii)
the entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or
approving as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of
the Company or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar
document appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any
Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance
of any such decree, order, judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed
and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days;

11

(xiii)
a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money aggregating in excess of $500,000 are rendered against the Company and/or any
of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within sixty (60) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed
pending appeal, or are not discharged within sixty (60) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which
is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set forth
above so long as the Company provides each Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement
shall be reasonably satisfactory to each Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company
or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance
of such judgment;

(xiv)
the Company and/or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, either (i) fails to pay, when due, or within any applicable grace
period, any payment with respect to any Indebtedness in excess of $500,000 due to any third party (other than, with respect to unsecured
Indebtedness only, payments contested by the Company and/or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) in good faith by proper proceedings
and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP) or is otherwise in breach
or violation of any agreement for monies owed or owing in an amount in excess of $500,000, which breach or violation permits the other
party thereto to declare a default or otherwise accelerate amounts due thereunder, or (ii) suffer to exist any other circumstance or
event that would, with or without the passage of time or the giving of notice, result in a default or event of default under any agreement
binding the Company or any Subsidiary, which default or event of default would or is likely to have a material adverse effect on the
business, assets, operations (including results thereof), liabilities, properties, condition (including financial condition) or prospects
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, individually or in the aggregate;

(xv)
other than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 5(a), the Company or any Subsidiary breaches any representation
or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which
may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Exchange Document, except, in the case of a breach
of a covenant or other term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of two (2) consecutive Trading
Days;

(xvi)
a false or inaccurate certification (including a false or inaccurate deemed certification) by the Company that either (A) the Equity
Conditions are satisfied, (B) there has been no Equity Conditions Failure, or (C) as to whether any Triggering Event has occurred;

(xvii)
any breach or failure in any respect by the Company or any Subsidiary to comply with any provision of Section 13 of this Certificate
of Designations;

12

(xviii)
any Preferred Shares remain outstanding on or after January 8, 2030;

(xix)
any Change of Control occurs without the prior written consent of the Required Holders, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed;

(xx)
any Material Adverse Effect occurs; or

(xxi)
any provision of any Exchange Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be
valid and binding on or enforceable against the Company, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested, directly or indirectly,
by the Company or any Subsidiary, or a proceeding shall be commenced by the Company or any Subsidiary or any governmental authority having
jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under one or more Exchange Documents.

(b)
Notice of a Triggering Event. Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event with respect to the Preferred Shares, the Company shall
within two (2) Business Days deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day delivery specified)
(a Triggering Event Notice) to each Holder.

(c)
Mandatory Redemption upon Bankruptcy Triggering Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, and notwithstanding any
conversion that is then required or in process, upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, the Company shall immediately redeem, in cash,
each of the Preferred Shares then outstanding at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount
to be redeemed multiplied by (B) the Required Premium and (ii) the product of (X) the Conversion Rate (calculated using the lowest Alternate
Conversion Price during the period commencing on the 20th Trading Day immediately preceding such public announcement and ending on the
date the Company makes the entire redemption payment pursuant to this Section 5(b)) with respect to the Conversion Amount in effect
immediately following the date of initial public announcement (or public filing of bankruptcy documents, as applicable) of such Bankruptcy
Triggering Event multiplied by (Y) the product of (1) the Required Premium multiplied by (2) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common
Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Bankruptcy Triggering Event and ending on
the date the Company makes the entire payment required to be made under this Section 5(b), without the requirement for any notice
or demand or other action by any Holder or any other person or entity, provided that a Holder may, in its sole discretion, waive such
right to receive payment upon a Bankruptcy Triggering Event, in whole or in part, and any such waiver shall not affect any other rights
of such Holder or any other Holder hereunder, including any other rights in respect of such Bankruptcy Triggering Event or any right
to conversion (or Alternate Conversion), as applicable.

13

6.
Rights Upon Fundamental Transactions.

(a)
Assumption. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes
in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designations and the other Exchange Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 6 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required
Holders, including agreements to deliver to each holder of Preferred Shares in exchange for such Preferred Shares a security of the Successor
Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Certificate of Designations, including,
without limitation, having a stated value and dividend rate equal to the stated value and dividend rate of the Preferred Shares held
by the Holders and having similar ranking to the Preferred Shares, and reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders and (ii) the Successor
Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible
Market. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and the other Exchange Documents
referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company
and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Certificate of Designations and the other Exchange Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein and therein. In addition to the foregoing, upon consummation
of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to each Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon conversion
or redemption of the Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Common
Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Sections 7 and 15, which
shall continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, such shares of the publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity)
which each Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had all the Preferred Shares
held by each Holder been converted immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion
of the Preferred Shares contained in this Certificate of Designations), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate
of Designations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company
to waive this Section 6 to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of the Preferred Shares. The provisions of
this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any
limitations on the conversion or redemption of the Preferred Shares.

14

(b)
Notice of a Change of Control; Change of Control Election Notice. No sooner than the earlier of (x) twenty (20) Trading Days prior
to the consummation of a Change of Control or (y) the public announcement of the entry into an agreement with respect to a Change of
Control, nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of a Change of Control (the Change of Control Date),
the Company shall deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to each Holder (a Change of Control
Notice). At any time during the period beginning after a Holders receipt of a Change of Control Notice or such Holder
becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change of Control Notice is not delivered to such Holder in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on twenty (20) Trading Days after the later of (A) the date of consummation of such Change
of Control or (B) the date of receipt of such Change of Control Notice or (C) the date of the announcement of such Change of Control,
such Holder may require, by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Election Notice) to the Company
(which Change of Control Election Notice shall indicate the number of Preferred Shares subject to such election), to have the Company
exchange such Holders Preferred Shares designated in such Change of Control Election Notice for consideration equal to the Change
of Control Election Price (as defined below), to be satisfied at the Companys election (such election to pay in cash or by delivery
of the Rights (as defined below), a Consideration Election), in either (I) rights (with a beneficial ownership limitation
in the form of Section 4(d) hereof, mutatis mutandis) (collectively, the Rights), convertible in whole,
or in part, at any time, without the requirement to pay any additional consideration, at the option of the Required Holders, into such
Corporate Event Consideration (as defined below) applicable to such Change of Control equal in value to the Change of Control Election
Price (as determined with the fair market value of the aggregate number of Successor Shares (as defined below) issuable upon conversion
of the Rights to be determined in increments of 10% (or such greater percentage as the applicable Holder may notify the Company from
time to time) of the portion of the Change of Control Election Price attributable to such Successor Shares (the Successor Share
Value Increment), with the aggregate number of Successor Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights with respect to the first
Successor Share Value Increment determined based on 70% of the VWAP of the Successor Shares on the date the Rights are issued and on
each of the nine (9) subsequent Trading Days, in each case, the aggregate number of additional Successor Shares issuable upon exercise
of the Rights shall be determined based upon a Successor Share Value Increment at 70% of the VWAP of the Successor Shares in effect for
such corresponding Trading Day (such ten (10) Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the date the Rights are issued, the Rights
Measuring Period)), or (II) in cash; provided, that the Company shall not consummate a Change of Control if the Corporate
Event Consideration includes capital stock or other equity interest (the Successor Shares) either in an entity that
is not listed on an Eligible Market or an entity in which the daily share volume for the applicable Successor Shares for each of the
twenty (20) Trading Days prior to the date of consummation of such Change of Control is less than the aggregate number of Successor Shares
issuable to all Holders upon conversion in full of the applicable Rights (without regard to any limitations on conversion therein, assuming
the exercise in full of the Rights on the date of issuance of the Rights and assuming the VWAP of the Successor Shares for each Trading
Day in the Rights Measuring Period is the VWAP on the Trading Day ended immediately prior to the time of consummation of the Change of
Control). The Company shall give each Holder written notice of each Consideration Election at least twenty (20) Trading Days prior to
the time of consummation of such Change of Control. Payment of such amounts or delivery of the Rights, as applicable, shall be made by
the Company (or at the Companys direction) to each Holder on the later of (x) the second (2nd) Trading Day after the date of such
request and (y) the date of consummation of such Change of Control (or, with respect to any Right, if applicable, such later time that
holders of shares of Common Stock are initially entitled to receive Corporate Event Consideration with respect to the shares of Common
Stock of such holder). Any Corporate Event Consideration included in the Rights, if any, pursuant to this Section 6(b) is pari
passu with the Corporate Event Consideration to be paid to holders of shares of Common Stock and the Company shall not permit a payment
of any Corporate Event Consideration to the holders of shares of Common Stock without on or prior to such time delivering the Right to
the Holders in accordance herewith. Cash payments, if any, required by this Section 6(b) shall have priority to payments to
all other stockholders of the Company in connection with such Change of Control. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
6(b), but subject to Section 4(d), until the applicable Change of Control Election Price is paid in full to the applicable
Holder in cash or Corporate Event Consideration in accordance herewith, the Preferred Shares submitted by such Holder for exchange or
payment, as applicable, under this Section 6(b) may be converted, in whole or in part, by such Holder into Common Stock pursuant
to Section 4 or in the event the Conversion Date is after the consummation of such Change of Control, stock or equity interests
of the Successor Entity substantially equivalent to the Companys shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 6. In the event
of the Companys repayment or exchange, as applicable, of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section 6(b), such Holders
damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future interest rates and the
uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for a Holder. Accordingly, any Required Premium due under
this Section 6(b) is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of such Holders actual
loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in connection with any redemption
hereunder at a time a Holder is entitled to receive a cash payment under any of the other Exchange Documents, at the option of such Holder
delivered in writing to the Company, the applicable redemption price hereunder shall be increased by the amount of such cash payment
owed to such Holder under such other Exchange Document and, upon payment in full or conversion in accordance herewith, shall satisfy
the Companys payment obligation under such other Exchange Document.

15

7.
Rights Upon Issuance of Purchase Rights and Other Corporate Events.

(a)
Purchase Rights. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 8 and Section 15 below, if at any time the Company
grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata
to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then each
Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder
could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Preferred
Shares (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such
purpose that all the Preferred Shares were converted at the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) held by such
Holder immediately prior to the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such
record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale
of such Purchase Rights; provided, however, to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would
result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right
to such extent shall be held in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision,
such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable) for the benefit of such Holder until such time or
times, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
at which time or times such Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase
Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date
or other similar provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable)) to the same extent as
if there had been no such limitation.

(b)
Other Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any
Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect
to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to
ensure that each Holder will thereafter have the right, at such Holders option, to receive upon a conversion of all the Preferred
Shares held by such Holder (i) such securities or other assets (the Corporate Event Consideration) to which such
Holder would have been entitled with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by such Holder
upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the
Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designations) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of Common Stock otherwise receivable upon
such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common Stock in connection with the consummation
of such Corporate Event in such amounts as such Holder would have been entitled to receive had the Preferred Shares held by such Holder
initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a conversion
rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate of an Alternate Conversion. Provision made pursuant the preceding sentence
shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Required Holders. The provisions of this Section 7 shall apply similarly
and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of
the Preferred Shares set forth in this Certificate of Designations.

16

8.
Rights Upon Issuance of Other Securities.

(a)
Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If and whenever on or after the Exchange Date the Company grants,
issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or in accordance with this Section 8(a) is deemed to have
granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock (including the granting, issuance or sale of shares of Common Stock owned or held
by or for the account of the Company, but excluding any Excluded Securities granted, issued or sold or deemed to have been granted, issued
or sold) for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Conversion Price
in effect immediately prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (such Conversion Price then in effect
is referred to herein as the Applicable Price) (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance), then, immediately
after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For
all purposes of the foregoing (including, without limitation, determining the adjusted Conversion Price and the New Issuance Price under
this Section 8(a)), the following shall be applicable:

(i)
Issuance of Options. If the Company in any manner grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell)
any Options and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise of any such
Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise
pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the granting, issuance or sale of such Option for such price per share. For
purposes of this Section 8(a)(i), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable
upon the exercise of any such Option or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of
any such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the sum of the lowest amounts
of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance
or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon
exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest exercise price set forth in such Option for which
one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market conditions) upon the exercise of any such
Options or upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of any such Option or otherwise
pursuant to the terms thereof, minus (2) the sum of all amounts paid or payable to the holder of such Option (or any other Person) with
respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the granting, issuance or sale of such Option, upon exercise of such Option and upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of any Convertible Security issuable upon exercise of such Option or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof plus
the value of any other consideration (including, without limitation, consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or any
other property) received or receivable by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Option (or any other Person). Except as contemplated
below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such share of Common Stock or of such
Convertible Securities upon the exercise of such Options or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof or upon the actual issuance of such
shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or exchange of such Convertible Securities.

17

(ii)
Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any manner issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to issue or sell)
any Convertible Securities and the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the conversion,
exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such share of Common
Stock shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale (or the time
of execution of such agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. For the purposes
of this Section 8(a)(ii), the lowest price per share for which one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the
conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof shall be equal to (1) the lower of (x) the
sum of the lowest amounts of consideration (if any) received or receivable by the Company with respect to one share of Common Stock upon
the issuance or sale (or pursuant to the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of the Convertible Security and upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of such Convertible Security or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof and (y) the lowest conversion price set
forth in such Convertible Security for which one share of Common Stock is issuable (or may become issuable assuming all possible market
conditions) upon conversion, exercise or exchange thereof or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof minus (2) the sum of all amounts
paid or payable to the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person) with respect to any one share of Common Stock upon the
issuance or sale (or the agreement to issue or sell, as applicable) of such Convertible Security plus the value of any other consideration
received or receivable (including, without limitation, any consideration consisting of cash, debt forgiveness, assets or other property)
by, or benefit conferred on, the holder of such Convertible Security (or any other Person). Except as contemplated below, no further
adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such shares of Common Stock upon conversion, exercise or
exchange of such Convertible Securities or otherwise pursuant to the terms thereof, and if any such issuance or sale of such Convertible
Securities is made upon exercise of any Options for which adjustment of the Conversion Price has been or is to be made pursuant to other
provisions of this Section 8(a), except as contemplated below, no further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made by reason
of such issuance or sale.

(iii)
Change in Option Price or Rate of Conversion. If the purchase or exercise price provided for in any Options, the additional consideration,
if any, payable upon the issue, conversion, exercise or exchange of any Convertible Securities, or the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock increases or decreases at any time (other than
proportional changes in conversion or exercise prices, as applicable, in connection with an event referred to in Section 8(a) below),
the Conversion Price in effect at the time of such increase or decrease shall be adjusted to the Conversion Price which would have been
in effect at such time had such Options or Convertible Securities provided for such increased or decreased purchase price, additional
consideration or increased or decreased conversion rate (as the case may be) at the time initially granted, issued or sold. For purposes
of this Section 8(a)(iii), if the terms of any Option or Convertible Security (including, without limitation, any Option or Convertible
Security that was outstanding as of the Exchange Date) are increased or decreased in the manner described in the immediately preceding
sentence, then such Option or Convertible Security and the shares of Common Stock deemed issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange
thereof shall be deemed to have been issued as of the date of such increase or decrease. No adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(a)
shall be made if such adjustment would result in an increase of the Conversion Price then in effect.

18

(iv)
Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right is issued in connection
with the issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale of any other securities of the Company (as determined by the Required Holders, the
Primary Security, and such Option and/or Convertible Security and/or Adjustment Right, the Secondary Securities
and together with the Primary Security, each a Unit), together comprising one integrated transaction (or one or
more transactions if such issuances or sales or deemed issuances or sales of securities of the Company either (A) have at least one investor
or purchaser in common, (B) are consummated in reasonable proximity to each other and/or (C) are consummated under the same plan of financing),
the aggregate consideration per share of Common Stock with respect to such Primary Security shall be deemed to be the lowest of (x) the
purchase price of such Unit, (y) if such Primary Security is an Option and/or Convertible Security, the lowest price per share for which
one share of Common Stock is at any time issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Primary Security and (z) the lowest VWAP on
any Trading Day during the five (5) Trading Day period (the Adjustment Period) immediately following the public
announcement of such Dilutive Issuance (for the avoidance of doubt, if such public announcement is released prior to the opening of the
applicable Trading Market on a Trading Day, such Trading Day shall be the first Trading Day in such five Trading Day period and if any
Preferred Shares are converted, on any given Conversion Date during any such Adjustment Period, solely with respect to such Preferred
Shares converted on such applicable Conversion Date, such applicable Adjustment Period shall be deemed to have ended on, and included,
the Trading Day immediately prior to such Conversion Date). If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued
or sold for a consideration other than cash, the amount of such consideration received by the Company will be the fair value of such
consideration, except where such consideration consists of publicly traded securities, in which case the amount of consideration received
by the Company for such securities will be the arithmetic average of the VWAPs of such security for each of the five (5) Trading Days
immediately preceding the date of receipt. If any shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued to the owners
of the non-surviving entity in connection with any merger in which the Company is the surviving entity, the amount of consideration therefor
will be deemed to be the fair value of such portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving entity as is attributable to
such shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (as the case may be). The fair value of any consideration other than cash
or publicly traded securities will be determined jointly by the Company and the Required Holder. If such parties are unable to reach
agreement within ten (10) days after the occurrence of an event requiring valuation (the Valuation Event), the fair
value of such consideration will be determined within five (5) Trading Days after the tenth (10th) day following such Valuation
Event by an independent, reputable appraiser jointly selected by the Company and the Required Holder. The determination of such appraiser
shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error and the fees and expenses of such appraiser shall be borne by the Company.

19

(v)
Record Date. If the Company takes a record of the holders of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them (A) to receive
a dividend or other distribution payable in shares of Common Stock, Options or in Convertible Securities or (B) to subscribe for or purchase
shares of Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, then such record date will be deemed to be the date of the issuance or sale
of the shares of Common Stock deemed to have been issued or sold upon the declaration of such dividend or the making of such other distribution
or the date of the granting of such right of subscription or purchase (as the case may be).

(b)
Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. Without limiting any provision of Section 7
or Section 15, if the Company at any time on or after the Exchange Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination,
recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. Without limiting any provision
of Section 7 or Section 15, if the Company at any time on or after the Exchange Date combines (by any stock split, stock dividend,
stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares, the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased. Any
adjustment pursuant to this Section 8(a) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.
If any event requiring an adjustment under this Section 8(a) occurs during the period that a Conversion Price is calculated hereunder,
then the calculation of such Conversion Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(c)
Holders Right of Adjusted Conversion Price. In addition to and not in limitation of the other provisions of this Section
8(b), if the Company in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue
or sell, any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities (other than pursuant to a Permitted ATM) (any such securities, Variable
Price Securities) after the Subscription Date that are issuable pursuant to such agreement or convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for shares of Common Stock at a price which varies or may vary with the market price of the shares of Common Stock, including
by way of one or more reset(s) to a fixed price, but exclusive of such formulations reflecting share splits, share combinations, and
share dividends (each of the formulations for such variable price being herein referred to as, the Variable Price),
the Company shall provide written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier to each Holder on the date of such agreement
and/or the issuance of such shares of Common Stock, Convertible Securities or Options, as applicable. From and after the date the Company
enters into such agreement or issues any such Variable Price Securities, each Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, in
its sole discretion to substitute the Variable Price for the Conversion Price upon conversion of the Preferred Shares by designating
in the Conversion Notice delivered upon any conversion of Preferred Shares that solely for purposes of such conversion such Holder is
relying on the Variable Price rather than the Conversion Price then in effect. A Holders election to rely on a Variable Price
for a particular conversion of Preferred Shares shall not obligate such Holder to rely on a Variable Price for any future conversions
of Preferred Shares.

20

(d)
Stock Combination Event Adjustments. If at any time and from time to time on or after the Subscription Date there occurs any stock
split, stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock (each, a Stock
Combination Event, and such date thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date) and the Event Market Price
is less than the Conversion Price then in effect (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 8(b) above), then on the sixteenth
(16th) Trading Day immediately following such Stock Combination Event Date, the Conversion Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th)
Trading Day (after giving effect to the adjustment in Section 8(b) above) shall be reduced (but in no event increased) to the Event
Market Price. For the avoidance of doubt, if the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase
in the Conversion Price hereunder, no adjustment shall be made.

(e)
Other Events. In the event that the Company (or any Subsidiary) shall take any action to which the provisions hereof are not strictly
applicable, or, if applicable, would not operate to protect any Holder from dilution or if any event occurs of the type contemplated
by the provisions of this Section 8 but not expressly provided for by such provisions (including, without limitation, the granting
of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features), then the Board shall in good faith determine
and implement an appropriate adjustment in the Conversion Price so as to protect the rights of such Holder, provided that no such adjustment
pursuant to this Section 8(b) will increase the Conversion Price as otherwise determined pursuant to this Section 8, provided
further that if such Holder does not accept such adjustments as appropriately protecting its interests hereunder against such dilution,
then the Board and such Holder shall agree, in good faith, upon an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing to make
such appropriate adjustments, whose determination shall be final and binding absent manifest error and whose fees and expenses shall
be borne by the Company.

(f)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made by rounding to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th
of a share, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include shares owned or
held by or for the account of the Company, and the disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common Stock.

(g)
Voluntary Adjustment by Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time any
Preferred Shares remain outstanding, with the prior written consent of the Required Holder, reduce the then current Conversion Price
to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board.

21

(h)
Resets. If on any six month anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date (each, a Reset Date), the Conversion
Price then in effect is greater than the Closing Bid Price of the Common Stock as of such applicable Reset Date (each, a Reset
Price), immediately after the close of the Principal Market on such applicable Reset Date the Conversion Price shall automatically
lower to such applicable Reset Price.

9.
Redemption at the Companys Election. At any time, the Company shall have the right to redeem all, but not less than all,
of the Preferred Shares then outstanding (the Company Optional Redemption Amount) on the Company Optional Redemption
Date (each as defined below) (a Company Optional Redemption). The Preferred Shares subject to redemption pursuant
to this Section 9 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price (the Company Optional Redemption Price)
equal to the greater of (i) the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date and (ii) the product of (1)
the Conversion Rate with respect to the Conversion Amount being redeemed as of the Company Optional Redemption Date multiplied by (2)
the greatest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding
such Company Optional Redemption Notice Date and ending on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire
payment required to be made under this Section 9. The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under this Section 9
by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the Holders (the Company
Optional Redemption Notice and the date all of the Holders received such notice is referred to as the Company Optional
Redemption Notice Date). Such Company Optional Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable; provided that the Company Optional
Redemption Notice may be conditioned upon the consummation of a refinancing transaction or a Going Private Transaction. The Company Optional
Redemption Notice shall (x) state the date on which the Company Optional Redemption shall occur (the Company Optional Redemption
Date) which date shall not be less than ten (10) Trading Days nor more than twenty (20) Trading Days following the Company
Optional Redemption Notice Date, and (y) state the aggregate Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares which is being redeemed in such
Company Optional Redemption from such Holder and all of the other Holders of the Preferred Shares pursuant to this Section 9 on
the Company Optional Redemption Date. The Company shall deliver the applicable Company Optional Redemption Price to each Holder in cash
on the applicable Company Optional Redemption Date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, at any time prior to the date the
Company Optional Redemption Price is paid, in full, the Company Optional Redemption Amount may be converted, in whole or in part, by
any Holder into shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 4. All Conversion Amounts converted by a Holder after the Company Optional
Redemption Notice Date shall reduce the Company Optional Redemption Amount of the Preferred Shares of such Holder required to be redeemed
on the Company Optional Redemption Date. In the event of the Companys redemption of any of the Preferred Shares under this Section
9, a Holders damages would be uncertain and difficult to estimate because of the parties inability to predict future
interest rates and the uncertainty of the availability of a suitable substitute investment opportunity for such Holder. Accordingly,
any redemption premium due under this Section 9 is intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, a reasonable estimate of
such Holders actual loss of its investment opportunity and not as a penalty. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have
no right to effect a Company Optional Redemption if any Triggering Event has occurred and is continuing, but any Triggering Event shall
have no effect upon any Holders right to convert Preferred Shares in its discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect
to a Going Private Transaction, the Company may effect a Company Optional Redemption under this Section 9, but with Change
of Control Election Price replacing Company Optional Redemption Price for all purposes in this Section 9 in
connection therewith.

22

10.
Noncircumvention. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation,
bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of
securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Certificate
of Designations, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Certificate of Designations and take all action
as may be required to protect the rights of the Holders hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision
of this Certificate of Designations or the other Exchange Documents, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of
Common Stock receivable upon the conversion of any Preferred Shares above the Conversion Price then in effect, (b) shall take all such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares
of Common Stock upon the conversion of Preferred Shares and (c) shall, so long as any Preferred Shares are outstanding, take all action
necessary to reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting
the conversion of the Preferred Shares, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect
the conversion of the Preferred Shares then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein). Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Initial Issuance Date, each Holder is not permitted
to convert such Holders Preferred Shares in full for any reason (other than pursuant to restrictions set forth in Section 4(d)
hereof), the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents
or approvals as necessary to effect such conversion into shares of Common Stock.

11.
Authorized Shares.

(a)
Reservation. So long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 150% of the number
of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion, including without limitation, Alternate Conversions,
of all of the Preferred Shares then outstanding at the Floor Price then in effect (without regard to any limitations on conversions)
(the Required Reserve Amount). The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the
number of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the Holders based on the number of the Preferred Shares held by each
Holder on the Initial Issuance Date or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share
Allocation). In the event that a Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holders Preferred Shares, each
transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Common Stock reserved
and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Preferred Shares shall be allocated to the remaining Holders of Preferred Shares,
pro rata based on the number of the Preferred Shares then held by the Holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Holder may allocate its
Authorized Share Allocation to any other of the securities of the Company held by such Holder (or any of its designees) by delivery of
a written notice to the Company.

23

(b)
Insufficient Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 11(a) and not in limitation thereof, at any time while any
of the Preferred Shares remain outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common
Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Shares at least a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take
all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to
reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Preferred Shares then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence,
as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after
the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its stockholders for the approval of an increase
in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company shall provide each stockholder with
a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such increase in authorized shares of
Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such proposal (or, if a majority
of the voting power then in effect of the capital stock of the Company consents to such increase, in lieu of such proxy statement, deliver
to the stockholders of the Company an information statement that has been filed with (and either approved by or not subject to comments
from) the SEC with respect thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is
able to obtain the written consent of a majority of the shares of its issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock to approve the increase
in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining such consent and submitting
for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C. Nothing contained in Section 11(a) or this Section 11(b)
shall limit any obligations of the Company under any provision of the Exchange Agreements or Registration Rights Agreement.

12.
Voting Rights. The holders of the Preferred Shares shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time,
either as a separate series or class or together with any other series or class of share of capital stock, and shall not be entitled
to call a meeting of such holders for any purpose nor shall they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock,
except as provided in this Section 16 and Section 20 or as otherwise required by the DGCL. To the extent that under the DGCL the vote
of the holders of the Preferred Shares, voting separately as a class or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action
of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the Required Holders of the Preferred Shares, voting together in the aggregate and
not in separate series unless required under the DGCL, represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is presented or by written
consent of the Required Holders (except as otherwise may be required under the DGCL), voting together in the aggregate and not in separate
series unless required under the DGCL, shall constitute the approval of such action by both the class or the series, as applicable. Holders
of the Preferred Shares shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written consents (and copies of proxy materials
and other information sent to stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled to vote, which notice would be provided pursuant
to the Companys bylaws (the Bylaws) and the DGCL.

24

13.
Covenants.

(a)
Incurrence of Indebtedness. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
incur or guarantee, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness).

(b)
Existence of Liens. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly,
allow or suffer to exist any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets
(including accounts and contract rights) owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, Liens) other
than Permitted Liens.

(c)
Restricted Payments and Investments. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly
or indirectly, redeem, defease, repurchase, repay or make any payments in respect of, by the payment of cash or cash equivalents (in
whole or in part, whether by way of open market purchases, tender offers, private transactions or otherwise), all or any portion of any
Indebtedness (other pursuant to this Certificate of Designations) whether by way of payment in respect of principal of (or premium, if
any) or interest on, such Indebtedness or make any Investment, as applicable, if at the time such payment with respect to such Indebtedness
and/or Investment, as applicable, is due or is otherwise made or, after giving effect to such payment, (i) an event constituting a Triggering
Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) an event that with the passage of time and without being cured would constitute a Triggering
Event has occurred and is continuing.

(d)
Restriction on Redemption and Cash Dividends. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not,
directly or indirectly, redeem, repurchase or declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on any of its capital stock (other than
as required by this Certificate of Designations), provided that the cashless or net exercise of any Options or Convertible Securities,
or the withholding of Common Stock in the ordinary course of business in connection with the exercise or vesting of any employee options
or restricted stock units, shall not be deemed to be a redemption.

(e)
Restriction on Transfer of Assets. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly
or indirectly, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, spin-off, split-off, close, convey or otherwise dispose of any assets or rights
of the Company or any Subsidiary owned or hereafter acquired whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, other
than (i) sales, leases, licenses, assignments, transfers, conveyances and other dispositions of such assets or rights by the Company
and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with its past practice and (ii) sales of inventory and product in
the ordinary course of business.

25

(f)
Change in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or
indirectly, engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by or publicly contemplated
to be conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries on the Exchange Date or any business substantially related or incidental
thereto. The Company shall not, and the Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, directly or indirectly, modify its or their
corporate structure or purpose.

(g)
Preservation of Existence, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve,
its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and
in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its
business makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to become or remain duly qualified or in good standing could not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(h)
Maintenance of Properties, Etc. The Company shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve,
all of its material properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition,
ordinary wear and tear excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to materially comply, at all times with the provisions
of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or
thereunder.

(i)
Maintenance of Intellectual Property. The Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take all action necessary
or advisable to maintain all of the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries that are necessary or
material to the conduct of its business in full force and effect.

(j)
Maintenance of Insurance. The Company shall maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible
and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent and business
interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts
and covering such risks as is required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally
in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated.

(k)
Transactions with Affiliates. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into, renew, extend
or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer
or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any affiliate, except transactions in the
ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation
of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable
arms length transaction with a Person that is not an affiliate thereof.

26

(l)
Restricted Issuances. The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Required Holders,
(i) issue any Preferred Shares (other than as contemplated by the Exchange Agreements and this Certificate of Designations), (ii) issue
any other securities that would cause a breach or default under this Certificate of Designations or (iii) issue, grant or otherwise agree
to issue, as applicable, any security of the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) with a New Issuance Price less than 120% of the Floor
Price then in effect.

(m)
Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time
insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever
or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Certificate of Designations; and (B) expressly
waives all benefits or advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the
execution of any power granted to the Holders by this Certificate of Designations, but will suffer and permit the execution of every
such power as though no such law has been enacted.

(n)
Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall pay when due all material taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever
(together with any related interest or penalties) now or hereafter imposed or assessed against the Company and its Subsidiaries or their
respective assets or upon their ownership, possession, use, operation or disposition thereof or upon their rents, receipts or earnings
arising therefrom (except where the failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall file on or before the due date therefor all personal property tax
returns (except where the failure to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Subsidiaries may contest, in good faith and by appropriate proceedings,
taxes for which they maintain adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP.

(o)
PCAOB Registered Auditor. At all times any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall have engaged an independent
auditor to audit its financial statements that is registered with (and in compliance with the rules and regulations of) the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board.

(p)
Section 3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction. So long as any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, the Company shall not enter into
any transaction or arrangement structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (other than the cashless exercise of Options in the ordinary course of business and the conversion of the
Companys Class B common stock into Common Stock) (a 3(a)(9) Transaction) or Section 3(a)(10) of the 1933
Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction). In the event that the Company does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock
related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while any Preferred Shares remain outstanding, an additional special dividend
shall immediately accrue with respect to any such Preferred Shares then outstanding equal to 10% of the Stated Value of such Preferred
Shares as of such date of determination.

27

(q)
Independent Investigation. At the request of the Required Holders either (x) at any time when a Triggering Event has occurred
and is continuing, (y) upon the occurrence of an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering
Event or (z) at any time such Required Holders reasonably believe a Triggering Event may have occurred or be continuing, the Company
shall hire an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Company and approved by such Holder (such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) to investigate as to whether any breach of this Certificate of Designations has occurred (the Independent
Investigator). If the Independent Investigator determines that such breach of this Certificate of Designations has occurred,
the Independent Investigator shall notify the Company of such breach and the Company shall deliver written notice to each Holder of such
breach. In connection with such investigation, the Independent Investigator may, during normal business hours, inspect all contracts,
books, records, personnel, offices and other facilities and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, to the extent available
to the Company after the Company uses reasonable efforts to obtain them, the records of its legal advisors and accountants and any books
of account, records, reports and other papers not contractually required of the Company to be confidential or secret, or subject to attorney-client
or other evidentiary privilege, and the Independent Investigator may make such copies and inspections thereof as the Independent Investigator
may reasonably request. The Company shall furnish the Independent Investigator with such financial and operating data and other information
with respect to the business and properties of the Company as the Independent Investigator may reasonably request. The Company shall
permit the Independent Investigator to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company with, and to make proposals and furnish
advice with respect thereto to, the Companys officers, directors, key employees and independent public accountants or any of them
(and by this provision the Company authorizes said accountants to discuss with such Independent Investigator the finances and affairs
of the Company and any Subsidiaries), all at such reasonable times, upon reasonable notice, and as often as may be reasonably requested.

14.
Liquidation, Dissolution, Winding-Up. In the event of a Liquidation Event, the Holders shall be entitled to receive in cash out
of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders (the Liquidation
Funds), before any amount shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of Junior Stock, but pari passu with any Parity Stock
then outstanding, an amount per Preferred Share equal to the greater of (A) 125% of the Conversion Amount of such Preferred Share on
the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such Holder would receive if such Holder converted such Preferred Share into Common
Stock immediately prior to the date of such payment, provided that if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due
to the Holders and holders of shares of Parity Stock, then each Holder and each holder of Parity Stock shall receive a percentage of
the Liquidation Funds equal to the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to such Holder and such holder of Parity Stock as a liquidation
preference, in accordance with their respective certificate of designations (or equivalent), as a percentage of the full amount of Liquidation
Funds payable to all holders of Preferred Shares and all holders of shares of Parity Stock. To the extent necessary, the Company shall
cause such actions to be taken by each of its Subsidiaries so as to enable, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the proceeds of a
Liquidation Event to be distributed to the Holders in accordance with this Section 14. All the preferential amounts to be paid to
the Holders under this Section 14 shall be paid or set apart for payment before the payment or setting apart for payment of any
amount for, or the distribution of any Liquidation Funds of the Company to the holders of shares of Junior Stock in connection with a
Liquidation Event as to which this Section 14 applies.

28

15.
Distribution of Assets. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7 and Section 8, if the Company shall declare
or make any dividend or other distributions of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to any or all holders of shares of Common
Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property
or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction)
(the Distributions), then each Holder, as holders of Preferred Shares, will be entitled to such Distributions as
if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the Preferred Shares (without taking
into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of the Preferred Shares and assuming for such purpose that the Preferred
Share was converted at the Alternate Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately prior to the date on which a record
is taken for such Distribution or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined
for such Distributions (provided, however, that to the extent that such Holders right to participate in any such
Distribution would result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then such Holder shall not
be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent of any such excess) and the
portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of such Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would
not result in such Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times, if any, such Holder
shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution
held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

16.
Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue Preferred Shares. In addition to any other rights provided by law, except where the vote
or written consent of the holders of a greater number of shares is required by law or by another provision of the Certificate of Incorporation,
without first obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose or the written consent without a meeting of the
Required Holders, voting together as a single class, the Company shall not: (a) amend or repeal any provision of, or add any provision
to, its Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws, or file any certificate of designations or articles of amendment of any series of shares
of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions
provided for the benefit of the Preferred Shares hereunder, regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the
Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized
number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; (c) without limiting any provision of Section 2, create or authorize (by
reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of Senior Preferred Stock or Parity Stock; (d) purchase, repurchase or redeem
any shares of Junior Stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and options and other equity
awards granted under such plans (that have in good faith been approved by the Board)); (e) without limiting any provision of Section
2, pay dividends or make any other distribution on any shares of any Junior Stock; (f) issue any Preferred Shares other than as
contemplated hereby or pursuant to the Exchange Agreement; or (g) without limiting any provision of Section 14, whether or not prohibited
by the terms of the Preferred Shares, circumvent a right of the Preferred Shares hereunder.

29

17.
Transfer of Preferred Shares. A Holder may offer, sell or transfer some or all of its Preferred Shares without the consent of
the Company subject only to the provisions of Section 6(f) of the Exchange Agreement.

18.
Reissuance of Preferred Share Certificates and Book Entries.

(a)
Transfer. If any Preferred Shares are to be transferred, the applicable Holder shall surrender the applicable Preferred Share
Certificate to the Company (or, if the Preferred Shares are held in Book-Entry form, a written instruction letter to the Company), whereupon
the Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section
18(d)) (or evidence of the transfer of such Book-Entry), registered as such Holder may request, representing the outstanding number
of Preferred Shares being transferred by such Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding number of Preferred Shares is being transferred,
a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance with Section 18(d)) to such Holder representing the outstanding number of Preferred
Shares not being transferred (or evidence of such remaining Preferred Shares in a Book-Entry for such Holder). Such Holder and any assignee,
by acceptance of the Preferred Share Certificate or evidence of Book-Entry issuance, as applicable, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of Section 4(c)(i) following conversion or redemption of any of the Preferred Shares, the outstanding number of
Preferred Shares represented by the Preferred Shares may be less than the number of Preferred Shares stated on the face of the Preferred
Shares.

(b)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Preferred Share Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Preferred Share Certificate (as to which a written certification and the indemnification
contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking
by the applicable Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation
of such Preferred Share Certificate, the Company shall execute and deliver to such Holder a new Preferred Share Certificate (in accordance
with Section 18(d)) representing the applicable outstanding number of Preferred Shares.

(c)
Preferred Share Certificate and Book-Entries Exchangeable for Different Denominations and Forms. Each Preferred Share Certificate
is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the applicable Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Preferred Share
Certificate or Preferred Share Certificate(s) or new Book-Entry (in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing, in the aggregate,
the outstanding number of the Preferred Shares in the original Preferred Share Certificate, and each such new Preferred Share Certificate
and/or new Book-Entry, as applicable, will represent such portion of such outstanding number of Preferred Shares from the original Preferred
Share Certificate as is designated in writing by such Holder at the time of such surrender. Each Book-Entry may be exchanged into one
or more new Preferred Share Certificates or split by the applicable Holder by delivery of a written notice to the Company into two or
more new Book-Entries (in accordance with Section 18(d)) representing, in the aggregate, the outstanding number of the Preferred
Shares in the original Book-Entry, and each such new Book-Entry and/or new Preferred Share Certificate, as applicable, will represent
such portion of such outstanding number of Preferred Shares from the original Book-Entry as is designated in writing by such Holder at
the time of such surrender.

30

(d)
Issuance of New Preferred Share Certificate or Book-Entry. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Preferred Share Certificate
or a new Book-Entry pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations, such new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry
(i) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such Preferred Share Certificate or in such Book-Entry, as applicable, the number of
Preferred Shares remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry being issued pursuant to
Section 18(a) or Section 18(c), the number of Preferred Shares designated by such Holder) which, when added to the number of
Preferred Shares represented by the other new Preferred Share Certificates or other new Book-Entry, as applicable, issued in connection
with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Preferred Shares remaining outstanding under the original Preferred Share Certificate
or original Book-Entry, as applicable, immediately prior to such issuance of new Preferred Share Certificate or new Book-Entry, as applicable,
and (ii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Preferred Share Certificate or in such new Book-Entry, as
applicable, which is the same as the issuance date of the original Preferred Share Certificate or in such original Book-Entry, as applicable.

19.
Remedies, Characterizations, Other Obligations, Breaches and Injunctive Relief. The remedies provided in this Certificate of Designations
shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Certificate of Designations and any of the other Exchange
Documents, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall
limit any Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of
this Certificate of Designations. No failure on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or
remedy of a Holder at law or equity or under this Certificate of Designations or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election
of such Holders rights or remedies under such documents or at law or equity. The Company covenants to each Holder that there shall
be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by a Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). No failure
on the part of a Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof;
nor shall any single or partial exercise by such Holder of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof
or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of any Holder at law or equity
or under Preferred Shares or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election of such Holders rights or remedies under
such documents or at law or equity. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable
harm to the Holders and that the remedy at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event
of any such breach or threatened breach, each Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance
and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such
case without the necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information
and documentation to a Holder that is requested by such Holder to enable such Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the
terms and conditions of this Certificate of Designations.

31

20.
Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If (a) any Preferred Shares are placed in the hands of an attorney for collection
or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or a Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under
this Certificate of Designations with respect to the Preferred Shares or to enforce the provisions of this Certificate of Designations
or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings affecting Company creditors
rights and involving a claim under this Certificate of Designations, then the Company shall pay the costs reasonably incurred by such
Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that no amounts
due under this Certificate of Designations with respect to any Preferred Shares shall be affected, or limited, by the fact that the purchase
price paid for each Preferred Share was less than the original Stated Value thereof.

21.
Construction; Headings. This Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holders
and shall not be construed against any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Certificate of Designations are for convenience
of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Certificate of Designations. Unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof.
The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall be construed broadly
as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder, hereof
and words of like import refer to this entire Certificate of Designations instead of just the provision in which they are found. Unless
expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Certificate of Designations. Terms used in this Certificate
of Designations and not otherwise defined herein, but defined in the other Exchange Documents, shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms on the Initial Issuance Date in such other Exchange Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by the Required Holders.

22.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of a Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. This Certificate of Designations shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by
the Company and all Holders and shall not be construed against any Person as the drafter hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained in this Section 22 shall permit any waiver of any provision of Section 4(d).

32

23.
Dispute Resolution.

(a)
Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i)
In the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Bid Price, a Closing Sale Price, a Conversion Price, a Dividend Conversion Price, an Alternate
Conversion Price, a VWAP or a fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of a Conversion Rate, or the applicable redemption price
(as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company or
the applicable Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within
two (2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by such Holder at any time after
such Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If such Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such
dispute relating to such Closing Bid Price, such Closing Sale Price, such Conversion Price, such Dividend Conversion Price, such Alternate
Conversion Price, such VWAP or such fair market value, or the arithmetic calculation of such Conversion Rate or such applicable redemption
price (as the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or
such Holder (as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or such Holder (as the case may be), then such Holder may, with the consent
of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), select an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve
such dispute.

(ii)
Such Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 23 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in
each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which
such Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being
understood and agreed that if either such Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the
Dispute Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled
to (and hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect
to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered
to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and such
Holder or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor such Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any
written documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

33

(iii)
The Company and such Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and such
Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses
of such investment bank shall be borne by the party in whose favor the investment bank decides such dispute or, in the event that the
investment bank determines that the applicable calculation is in between the amounts submitted by the Company and such Holder, then half
of such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Company and half of such fees and expenses shall be borne by the Holder, and such investment
banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(b)
Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 23 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate
between the Company and each Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under Delaware Rapid Arbitration
Act, as amended, (ii) the terms of this Certificate of Designations and each other applicable Exchange Document shall serve as the basis
for the selected investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby
expressly authorized) to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made
by such investment bank in connection with its resolution of such dispute and in resolving such dispute such investment bank shall apply
such findings, determinations and the like to the terms of this Certificate of Designations and any other applicable Exchange Documents,
(iii) the applicable Holder (and only such Holder with respect to disputes solely relating to such Holder), in its sole discretion, shall
have the right to submit any dispute described in this Section 23 to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington Delaware,
in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this Section 23 and (iv) nothing in this Section 23 shall limit such Holder
from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies (including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described
in this Section 23).

24.
Notices; Currency; Payments.

(a)
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Certificate of Designations
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest of: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon
receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending
party and the sending party does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail
could not be delivered to such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day
delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing address and e-mail address for any
such communications to the Company shall be: 60 North 1400 West. Centerville, Utah Attention: Christopher Jones, e-mail address: chrjones@trugolf.com,
or such other mailing address and/or e-mail address as the Company has specified by written notice given to each of the Holders in accordance
with this Section 24 not later than five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. The mailing address and e-mail address
for any such communications to any Holder shall be as set forth on such Holders respective signature page to the Exchange Agreement,
or such other mailing address and/or e-mail address as such Holder has specified by written notice given to the Company in accordance
with this Section 24 not later than five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A)
given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders
e-mail containing the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence
of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
respectively.

34

(b)
The Company shall provide each Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Certificate of Designations, including
in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefore. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
shall give written notice to each Holder (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Conversion Price, setting forth in reasonable detail,
and certifying, the calculation of such adjustment and (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes
its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, or (B) for determining rights to
vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made
known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to such Holder.

(c)
Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this Certificate of Designations are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars),
and all amounts owing under this Certificate of Designations shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies
(if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange
Rate means, in relation to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Certificate of Designations,
the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed
that where an amount is calculated with reference to, or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such
period of time).

(d)
Payments. Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Certificate of Designations,
unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by wire transfer
of immediately available funds pursuant to wire transfer instructions that Holder shall provide to the Company in writing from time to
time. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Certificate of Designations is due on any day which is not a Business
Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.

25.
Waiver of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and
all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Certificate of
Designations and the Exchange Agreement.

35

26.
Governing Law. This Certificate of Designations shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning
the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by, the internal laws
of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware
or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Except
as otherwise required by Section 23 above, the Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an
inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein (i) shall be deemed or operate to preclude any Holder
from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations
to such Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of such Holder or (ii) shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, any provision of Section 23 above. THE
COMPANY AND EACH HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

27.
Judgment Currency.

(a)
If for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 27 referred to as the Judgment Currency)
an amount due in U.S. Dollars under this Certificate of Designations, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on
the Trading Day immediately preceding:

(i)
the date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii)
the date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of
which such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 27(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion
Date).

(b)
If in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 27(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the
Exchange Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party
shall pay such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange
Rate prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment
Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

36

(c)
Any amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Certificate of Designations.

28.
TAXES.

(a)
All payments made by the Company hereunder or under any other Exchange Document shall be made in accordance with the terms of the respective
Exchange Document and shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, withholding, deduction or other defense. Without limiting the foregoing,
all such payments shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding (i) taxes imposed on the net income of a Holder
by the jurisdiction in which such Holder is organized or where it has its principal lending office, (ii) with respect to any payments
made by the Company hereunder, taxes (including, but not limited to, backup withholding) to the extent such taxes are imposed due to
the failure of the applicable recipient of such payment to provide the Company with whichever (if any) is applicable of valid and properly
completed and executed IRS Forms W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8ECI, and/or W-8IMY, when requested in writing by the Company, and (iii) with
respect to any payments made by the Company, taxes to the extent such taxes are imposed due to the failure of the applicable recipient
of such payment to comply with FATCA (all such nonexcluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities,
collectively or individually, Taxes). If the Company shall be required to deduct or to withhold any Taxes from or
in respect of any amount payable hereunder or under any other Exchange Document:

(i)
the amount so payable shall be increased to the extent necessary so that after making all required deductions and withholdings (including
Taxes on amounts payable to a Holder pursuant to this sentence) such Holder receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received
had no such deduction or withholding been made,

(ii)
the Company shall make such deduction or withholding,

(iii)
the Company shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law,
and

(iv)
as promptly as possible thereafter, the Company shall send such Holder an official receipt (or, if an official receipt is not available,
such other documentation as shall be satisfactory to such Holder, as the case may be) showing payment. In addition, the Company agrees
to pay any present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from
any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Preferred
Shares or any other Exchange Document (collectively, Other Taxes).

37

(b)
The Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold each Holder and each of their affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents and advisors (each, an Indemnified Party) each Indemnified Party harmless from and against Taxes
or Other Taxes (including, without limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section
28) paid by any Indemnified Party as a result of any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement
of, or otherwise with respect to, this Preferred Shares or any other Exchange Document, and any liability (including penalties, interest
and expenses for nonpayment, late payment or otherwise) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other
Taxes were correctly or legally asserted. This indemnification shall be paid within thirty (30) days from the date on which such Holder
makes written demand therefor, which demand shall identify the nature and amount of such Taxes or Other Taxes.

(c)
If the Company fails to perform any of its obligations under this Section 28, the Company shall indemnify such Holder for any taxes,
interest or penalties that may become payable as a result of any such failure. The obligations of the Company under this Section 28
shall survive the repayment and/or conversion, as applicable, in full of the Preferred Shares and all other amounts payable with respect
thereto.

(d)
If any Indemnified Party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to
which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 28 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 28),
it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section
28 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including taxes) of such Indemnified
Party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying
party, upon the request of such Indemnified Party, shall repay to such Indemnified Party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph
(d) (plus any penalties, interest, or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such Indemnified
Party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (d),
in no event will the Indemnified Party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (d) the payment
of which would place the Indemnified Party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Indemnified Party would have been in if
the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph (d) shall not be construed to require any
Indemnified Party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the
indemnifying party or any other Person.

38

29.
Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall
be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such
provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Certificate of Designations so long as this Certificate of
Designations as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter
hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective
expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred
upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s)
with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

30.
Maximum Payments. Without limitation Section 9(d) of the Exchange Agreement, nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish
or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that
the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess
of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the applicable Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

31.
Stockholder Matters; Amendment.

(a)
Stockholder Matters. Any stockholder action, approval or consent required, desired or otherwise sought by the Company pursuant
to the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, this Certificate of Designations or otherwise with respect to the issuance of Preferred
Shares may be effected by written consent of the Companys stockholders or at a duly called meeting of the Companys stockholders,
all in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations of the DGCL. This provision is intended to comply with the applicable sections
of the DGCL permitting stockholder action, approval and consent affected by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

(e)
Amendment. Except for Section 4(d)(i), which may not be amended or waived hereunder, this Certificate of Designations or
any provision hereof may be amended by obtaining the affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such purpose, or written consent without
a meeting in accordance with the DGCL, of the Required Holders, voting separate as a single class, and with such other stockholder approval,
if any, as may then be required pursuant to the DGCL and the Certificate of Incorporation. Except
(a) to the extent otherwise expressly provided in this Certificate of Designations or the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to
voting or approval rights of a particular class or series of capital stock or (b) to the extent otherwise provided pursuant to the DGCL,
the holders of each outstanding class or series of shares of the Company shall not be entitled to vote as a separate voting group on
any amendment to the terms of this Certificate of Designations with respect to which such class or series would otherwise be entitled
under the DGCL to vote as a separate voting group.

32.
Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Certificate of Designations, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

39

(b)
1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c)
Additional Amount means, as of the applicable date of determination, with respect to each Preferred Share, all declared
and unpaid Dividends on such Preferred Share.

(d)
Adjustment Right means any right granted with respect to any securities issued in connection with, or with respect
to, any issuance or sale (or deemed issuance or sale in accordance with Section 8(a)) of shares of Common Stock (other than rights
of the type described in Section 7(a) hereof) that could result in a decrease in the net consideration received by the Company in
connection with, or with respect to, such securities (including, without limitation, any cash settlement rights, cash adjustment or other
similar rights).

(e)
Affiliate or Affiliated means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or
indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition
that control of a Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person
whether by contract or otherwise.

(f)
Alternate Conversion Price means, with respect to any Alternate Conversion that price which shall be the lowest
of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii)
the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 90% of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Day period
ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the delivery or deemed delivery of the applicable Conversion Notice (such
period, the Alternate Conversion Measuring Period). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any
stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the
Common Stock during such Alternate Conversion Measuring Period.

(g)
Alternate Conversion Floor Amount means an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the higher of
(I) the highest price that the Common Stock trades at on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Alternate Conversion Date
and (II) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common
Stock delivered (or to be delivered) to such Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline with respect to such Alternate Conversion
from (II) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the applicable Conversion Amount that such Holder has elected to be the subject of the
applicable Alternate Conversion, by (y) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

(h)
Applicable Date means the earlier to occur of (A) the effective date of a registration statement registering the
resale by the Holders of the Required Registration Amount (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) of the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares then outstanding and (B) the date the Preferred Shares are eligible to be resold by
the Holders (assuming such Holders are not then affiliates of the Company) without restriction under Rule 144 of the 1933 Act (in each
case, without regard to any limitations on exercise herein).

40

(i)
Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or agreement which has been approved by the Board prior to or
subsequent to the Exchange Date pursuant to which shares of Common Stock and standard options to purchase Common Stock may be issued
to any employee, officer, consultant or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

(j)
Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including,
any funds, feeder funds or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Initial Issuance Date, directly or indirectly
managed or advised by a Holders investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of such Holder or any of the foregoing, (iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with such Holder
or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated
with such Holders and the other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of
the foregoing is to subject collectively such Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage.

(k)
Black Scholes Consideration Value means the value of the applicable Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right
(as the case may be) as of the date of issuance thereof calculated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the OV
function on Bloomberg utilizing (i) an underlying price per share equal to the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading
Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the execution of definitive documents with respect to the issuance of such Option,
Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (ii) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate
for a period equal to the remaining term of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be) as of the date
of issuance of such Option, Convertible Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be), (iii) a zero cost of borrow and (iv) an expected
volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg (determined
utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the date of issuance of such Option, Convertible
Security or Adjustment Right (as the case may be).

(l)
Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(m)
Book-Entry means each entry on the Register evidencing one or more Preferred Shares held by a Holder in lieu of
a Preferred Share Certificate issuable hereunder.

41

(n)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification,
commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any Governmental Authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(o)
Cash of the Company and its Subsidiaries on any date shall be determined from such Persons books maintained
in accordance with GAAP, and means, without duplication, the cash, cash equivalents and Eligible Marketable Securities accrued by the
Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis on such date.

(p)
Change of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct
or indirect, wholly-owned Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
of the shares of Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and,
directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the
authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity
or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely
for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(q)
Change of Control Election Price means, with respect to any given Change of Control, such price equal to the greatest
of (i) the product of (A) the Required Premium multiplied by (B) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares subject to the applicable
election, as applicable, (ii) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being redeemed or exchanged, as applicable,
multiplied by (B) the quotient determined by dividing (I) the greatest Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock during the period
beginning on the date immediately preceding the earlier to occur of (1) the consummation of the applicable Change of Control and (2)
the public announcement of such Change of Control and ending on the date such Holder delivers the Change of Control Election Notice by
(II) the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect, and (iii) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount of the Preferred Shares being
redeemed multiplied by (B) the quotient of (I) the aggregate cash consideration and the aggregate cash value of any non-cash consideration
per share of Common Stock to be paid to such holders of the shares of Common Stock upon consummation of such Change of Control (any such
non-cash consideration constituting publicly-traded securities shall be valued at the highest of the Closing Sale Price of such securities
as of the Trading Day immediately prior to the consummation of such Change of Control, the Closing Sale Price of such securities on the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control and the Closing Sale Price of such securities
on the Trading Day immediately prior to the public announcement of such proposed Change of Control) divided by (II) the Conversion Price
then in effect.

42

(r)
Closing Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing
bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the
Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price
(as the case may be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time,
as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the
last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where
such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade
price, respectively, of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by
Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of
the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be
calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price (as the
case may be) of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holders.
If the Company and the Required Holders are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved
in accordance with the procedures in Section 23. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

(s)
Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Exchange Agreement, which date is the date the Company initially
issued the Preferred Shares pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement.

(t)
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(u)
Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii)
any capital stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such
common stock.

(v)
Contingent Obligation means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that
Person with respect to any Indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary purpose or intent of the
Person incurring such liability, or the primary effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that such liability
will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will
be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto.

(w)
Conversion Floor Price Condition means that the relevant Alternate Conversion Price or Dividend Conversion Price
is being determined based on clause (x) of such definitions.

43

(x)
Convertible Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any
circumstances, directly or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof
to acquire, any shares of Common Stock.

(y)
Default Rate means, as applicable, (i) with respect to any payments of any Dividends hereunder in cash, fifteen
percent (15%) per annum or (ii) with respect to any conversions of Dividends hereunder into shares (or otherwise satisfaction of any
amounts outstanding hereunder in any non-cash consideration), eighteen percent (18%) per annum.

(z)
Dividend Conversion Price means, with respect to any given Dividend Date, that price which shall be the lowest of
(i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on the applicable Dividend Date, (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 90%
of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the five (5) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately
preceding the applicable Dividend Date (such period, the Dividend Conversion Measuring Period). All such determinations
to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately
decreases or increases the Common Stock during such Dividend Conversion Measuring Period.

()
Dividend Floor Amount means an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the higher of (I) the highest
price that the Common Stock trades at on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Dividend Date and (II) the applicable Dividend
Conversion Price and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered (or to be delivered)
to such Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline with respect to such Dividend Date from (II) the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the applicable aggregate amount of such Dividend, by (y) the applicable Dividend Conversion Price without giving effect to clause
(x) of such definition.

(bb)
Dividend Rate means, as of any date of determination, ten percent (10%) per annum; provided, that if such Dividends
are being paid in shares of Common Stock hereunder, such Dividends shall recalculated in connection with such issuance of shares of Common
Stock at a deemed rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum; provided, further, that each of the forgoing rates shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time in accordance with Section 3.

(cc)
Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(dd)
Eligible Marketable Securities as of any date means marketable securities which would be reflected on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and which are permitted under the
Companys investment policies as in effect on the Issuance Date or approved thereafter by the Companys Board of Directors.

44

(ee)
Equity Conditions means, with respect to an given date of determination: (i) on each day during the period beginning
five Trading Days prior to such applicable date of determination and ending on and including such applicable date of determination either
(x) one or more Registration Statements filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement shall be effective and the prospectus contained
therein shall be available on such applicable date of determination (with, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock previously
sold pursuant to such prospectus deemed unavailable) for the resale of all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the
event requiring this determination, as applicable, in the event requiring this determination at the Alternate Conversion Price then in
effect (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein) (each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount),
in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement and there shall not have been during such period any
Grace Periods (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) or (y) all Registrable Securities shall be eligible for sale pursuant
to Rule 144 (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) without the need for registration under any applicable federal or state securities
laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Preferred Shares) and no Current Information Failure (as defined
in the Registration Rights Agreement) exists or is continuing; (ii) on each day during the period beginning thirty calendar days prior
to the applicable date of determination and ending on and including the applicable date of determination (the Equity Conditions
Measuring Period), the Common Stock (including all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Shares) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not have been suspended from trading on
an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the applicable date of determination
due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible Market have been threatened (with a reasonable
prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance and hearing periods) or reasonably likely
to occur or pending as evidenced by (A) a writing by such Eligible Market notifying the Company of its intent to delist the Company (and
not solely a notification that the Company has fallen below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Eligible Market) or (B)
the Company falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements (after taking into effect the receipt of proceeds from the transaction
subject to these Equity Conditions) of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation with
no available grace period for curing such deficiencies, as applicable; (iii) during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company
shall have delivered all shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares on a timely basis as set forth in Section
4 hereof and all other shares of capital stock required to be delivered by the Company on a timely basis as set forth in the other
Exchange Documents; (iv) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination may be issued in
full without violating Section 4(d) hereof; (v) any shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event requiring determination
may be issued in full without violating the rules or regulations of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated
for quotation (as applicable); (vi) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, no public announcement of a pending, proposed
or intended Fundamental Transaction shall have occurred which has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated; (vii) the Company shall
have no knowledge of any fact that would reasonably be expected to cause (1) any Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to the Registration Rights Agreement to not be effective or the prospectus contained therein to not be available for the resale of the
applicable Required Minimum Securities Amount of Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
or (2) any Registrable Securities to not be eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144 without the need for registration under any applicable
federal or state securities laws (in each case, disregarding any limitation on conversion of the Preferred Shares) and no Current Information
Failure exists or is continuing, (viii) none of the Holders shall be in possession of any material, non-public information provided to
any of them by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates, employees, officers, representatives, agents
or the like; (ix) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company otherwise shall have been in compliance with
each, and shall not have breached any representation or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject
to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any
Exchange Document, including, without limitation, the Company shall not have failed to timely make any payment pursuant to any Exchange
Document; (x) there shall not have occurred any Volume Failure or Price Failure as of such applicable date of determination; (xi) on
the applicable date of determination (A) no Authorized Share Failure shall exist or be continuing and the applicable Required Minimum
Securities Amount of shares of Common Stock are available under the certificate of incorporation of the Company and reserved by the Company
to be issued pursuant to this Certificate of Designations and (B) all shares of Common Stock to be issued in connection with the event
requiring this determination may be issued in full without resulting in an Authorized Share Failure; (xii) on each day during the Equity
Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred and there shall not exist a Triggering Event or an event that with the passage
of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering Event; or (xiii) the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the event
requiring the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions are duly authorized and listed and eligible for trading without restriction on an
Eligible Market.

45

(ff)
Equity Conditions Failure means on the date of determination, the Equity Conditions have not been satisfied (or
waived in writing by the Holder).

(gg)
Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock Combination Event Date, 120% of the quotient determined by dividing
(x) the sum of the VWAP of the Common Stock for each of the five (5) Trading Days with the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the
fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) Trading Day
after such Stock Combination Event Date, divided by (y) five (5).

(hh)
Exchange Agreements means, collectively, those certain exchange agreements, each by and between the Company and
an initial Holder, as may be amended from time in accordance with the terms thereof.

(ii)
Exchange Documents shall have the meaning as set forth in the Exchange Agreements.

(jj)
Exchange Date means April [], 2025.

(kk)
Excluded Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase Common Stock issued to directors,
officers, consultants or employees of the Company for services rendered to the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved
Stock Plan (as defined above), provided that (A) all such issuances (taking into account the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of such options) after the Subscription Date in any calendar year pursuant to this clause (i) do not, in the aggregate, exceed more than
20% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Subscription Date and (B) the exercise price of any such options
is not lowered, none of such options are amended to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions
of any such options are otherwise materially changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Holders; (ii) shares of Common Stock
issued upon the conversion or exercise of Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued
pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) issued prior to the Subscription Date, provided that the conversion
price of any such Convertible Securities (other than standard options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan
that are covered by clause (i) above) is not lowered, none of such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard options to
purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are amended to increase the number
of shares issuable thereunder and none of the terms or conditions of any such Convertible Securities or Options (other than standard
options to purchase Common Stock issued pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan that are covered by clause (i) above) are otherwise materially
changed in any manner that adversely affects any of the Holders; (iii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Shares (including any Preferred Shared issued or issuable upon exercise of the Preferred Warrants) or otherwise pursuant to the terms
of this Certificate of Designations; (iv) any shares of Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated March 31, 2023, as amended and restated through the Subscription Date, with DMAC Merger Sub Inc., a Nevada corporation and newly
formed wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Bright Vision Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and (v) any shares of
Common Stock issued or issuable in connection with any bona fide strategic or commercial alliances, acquisitions, mergers, licensing
arrangements, and strategic partnerships, provided, that (1) the primary purpose of such issuance is not to raise capital as reasonably
determined, and (2) the purchaser or acquirer or recipient of the securities in such issuance solely consists of either (I) the actual
participants in such strategic or commercial alliance, strategic or commercial licensing arrangement or strategic or commercial partnership,
(II) the actual owners of such assets or securities acquired in such acquisition or merger or (III) the stockholders, partners, employees,
consultants, officers, directors or members of the foregoing Persons, in each case, which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an
operating company or an owner of an asset, in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company
additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, and (IV) the number or amount of securities issued to such Persons by the
Company shall not be disproportionate to each such Persons actual participation in (or fair market value of the contribution to)
such strategic or commercial alliance or strategic or commercial partnership or ownership of such assets or securities to be acquired
by the Company, as applicable.

46

(ll)
FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Certificate of Designation (or any amended
or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations
or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities
and implementing such Sections of the Code.

(mm)
Fiscal Quarter means each of the fiscal quarters adopted by the Company for financial reporting purposes that correspond
to the Companys fiscal year as of the date hereof that ends on December 31.

(nn)
Floor Price means $0.07 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations and
similar events), or, subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, such lower price as the Company and the Required Holders
may agree, from time to time.

(oo)
Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries,
Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the
surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject
to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that
is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject
Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock
such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or
exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities,
individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or
Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding;
or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one
or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment,
conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise
in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common
Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such
Subject Entities as of the date of this Certificate of Designations calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject
Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form
merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of
the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more
related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent,
or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this
definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

47

(pp)
GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.

(qq)
Going Private Transaction means any Change of Control (i) pursuant to which, the Company (and the Successor Entity,
if applicable) ceases to have any securities registered under the 1934 Act or (ii) that results in the purchase and/or cancellation of
all of the Common Stock of the Company solely for cash (and not in whole, or in part, for any other securities of any Person).

(rr)
Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5
thereunder.

(ss)
Governmental Authority means any federal, foreign, state, county, municipal, provincial, or local governmental authority,
court, judicial body, arbitration tribunal, government or self-regulatory organization, commission, tribunal or organization, or any
regulatory, administrative, or other agency, or any political or other subdivision, department, commission, board, bureau, branch, division,
ministry, or instrumentality of any of the foregoing.

(tt)
Indebtedness means of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations
issued, undertaken or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services, including, without limitation, capital leases
in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied for the periods covered thereby (other
than trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), (C) all reimbursement or payment
obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds,
debentures or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, assets
or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as
financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights
and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property),
(F) all monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection with United States generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all indebtedness referred to
in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise,
to be secured by) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever
in or upon any property or assets (including accounts and contract rights) with respect to any asset or property owned by any Person,
even though the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and
(H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G)
above.

(uu)
Intellectual Property Rights means, with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, all of their rights or licenses
to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, original works of authorship, patents,
patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property
rights and all applications and registrations therefor.

(vv)
Investment means any beneficial ownership (including stock, partnership or limited liability company interests)
of or in any Person, or any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person or the acquisition of all, or substantially all, of the
assets of another Person or the purchase of any assets of another Person for greater than the fair market value of such assets.

(ww)
Liquidation Event means, whether in a single transaction or series of transactions, the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or such Subsidiaries the assets of which constitute all or substantially all of
the assets of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

48

(xx)
Make-Whole Amount means, as of any given date, with respect to any given Preferred Shares, and as applicable, in
connection with any conversion, redemption or other repayment hereunder, an amount equal to the amount of additional Dividends that would
accrue on any outstanding Preferred Shares at the Dividend Rate then in effect assuming for calculation purposes that such converted,
redeemed or repaid Preferred Shares remained outstanding through and including the five year anniversary of the applicable date of issuance
of such applicable Preferred Shares.

(vv)
Make-Whole Floor Amount means an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the higher of (I) the highest
price that the Common Stock trades at on the Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Conversion Date and (II) the applicable Alternate
Conversion Price and (B) the difference obtained by subtracting (I) the number of shares of Common Stock delivered (or to be delivered)
to such Holder on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline with respect to such conversion of such Make-Whole Amount included in the applicable
Conversion Amount that such Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable conversion from (II) the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) such Make-Whole Amount included in the applicable Conversion Amount that such Holder has elected to be the subject of the applicable
conversion, by (y) the applicable Alternate Conversion Price without giving effect to clause (x) of such definition.

(zz)
Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, liabilities, operations,
results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, individually or taken
as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or on the other Exchange Documents, or by the agreements and instruments to be
entered into in connection therewith or on the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Exchange Documents.

(aaa)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible
Securities.

(bbb)
Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose
common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent
Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(ccc)
Permitted A/R Indebtedness means Indebtedness arising pursuant to an accounts receivable and/or purchase order factoring
facility in which the sole recourse of such Indebtedness is to such accounts receivable and/or purchase order supporting such Indebtedness,
in an aggregate amount not to exceed the difference of (x) $2 million and (y) the aggregate amount of any other Permitted Additional
Indebtedness then outstanding.

(ddd)
Permitted ATM shall mean an at-the-market offering within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities
Act, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5 million, pursuant to an agreement approved in writing by the Required Holders pursuant to
which the Company may issue and sell shares of Common Stock from time to time after the date hereof both (x) at a price per share of
Common Stock no less than 150% of the Floor Price and (y) an aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold on any Trading Day not to
exceed 5% of the aggregate daily trading volume of the Common Stock on such applicable Trading Day.

49

(eee)
Permitted Additional Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company (including, without limitation, any Permitted
A/R Indebtedness), in an aggregate amount outstanding not to exceed $2 million, sourced from Chris Jones or affiliates of the Company
or through accounts receivable or purchase order factoring; provided that, at no time any Permitted Additional Indebtedness remains outstanding
either (x) the Company fails to be in full compliance with the NASDAQ continuing listing standards and (y) the terms, conditions or existence
of such Indebtedness could not reasonably be expected to result in the Companys failure to comply in full with the NASDAQ continuing
listing standards at any time such Indebtedness remains outstanding.

(fff)
Permitted Indebtedness means (i) Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 5(s) to the Exchange Agreement, as in effect
as of the Subscription Date, (ii) Indebtedness secured by Permitted Liens or unsecured but as described in clauses (iv) and (v) of the
definition of Permitted Liens and (iii) Permitted Additional Indebtedness.

(ggg)
Permitted Liens means (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary
course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation
of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business
with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (iv)
Liens (A) upon or in any equipment acquired or held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the purchase price of such equipment
or Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition or lease of such equipment, or (B) existing on such equipment
at the time of its acquisition, provided that the Lien is confined solely to the property so acquired and improvements thereon, and the
proceeds of such equipment, in either case, with respect to Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000, (v) Liens incurred
in connection with the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens of the type described in clause (iv) above,
provided that any extension, renewal or replacement Lien shall be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal
amount of the Indebtedness being extended, renewed or refinanced does not increase, (vi) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities
arising as a matter of law to secure payments of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, (vii) Liens on any accounts
receivable and/or purchase order supporting Permitted A/R Indebtedness then outstanding; and, (viii) Liens arising from judgments, decrees
or attachments in circumstances not constituting a Triggering Event under Section 5(a)(xiii).

(hhh)
Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(iii)
Preferred Warrants shall have the meaning as set forth in the Exchange Agreements.

50

(jjj)
Price Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the VWAP of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination fails to exceed
75% of the Conversion Price on such date of determination (excluding for such purpose any temporary reductions in the Conversion Price
made in accordance with Section 8(g)) (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other
similar transactions occurring after the Subscription Date). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during any such measuring period.

(kkk)
Principal Market means, as of any time of determination, the principal trading market, if any, in which the shares
of Common Stock then trade.

(lll)
Registration Rights Agreement means that certain registration rights agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by
and among the Company and the initial holders of the Preferred Shares relating to, among other things, the registration of the resale
of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Certificate of Designations,
as may be amended from time to time.

(mmm)
Required Premium means (x) solely if in connection with a Change of Control at a time no other Triggering Event
exists, 105% or (y) otherwise, 125%.

(nnn)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(ooo)
Securities shall mean the Preferred Shares and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred
Shares.

(ppp)
Stated Value shall mean $1,000 per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations,
reorganizations, reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions or other similar events occurring after the Initial Issuance Date with
respect to the Preferred Shares.

(qqq)
Subsequent Placement means any direct, or indirect, issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase,
or otherwise disposal of (or announcement of any issuance, offer, sale, grant of any option or right to purchase or other disposition
of) any equity security or any equity-linked or related security (including, without limitation, any equity security (as
that term is defined under Rule 405 promulgated under the 1933 Act), any Convertible Securities, any debt, any preferred stock or any
purchase rights) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(rrr)
Stock Combination Event means the occurrence at any time and from time to time on or after the Subscription Date
of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the Common Stock.

(sss)
Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

51

(ttt)
Subscription Date means April [ ], 2025.

(uuu)
Subsidiary shall have the meaning set forth in the Exchange Agreement.

(vvv)
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holders, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting
from or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Required Holders, the Parent Entity) with which
such Fundamental Transaction shall have been entered into.

(www)
Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the
Common Stock, any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading
market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded,
provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or
market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange
or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during
the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the applicable
Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New
York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

(xxx)
Volume Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the aggregate daily dollar trading volume
(as reported on Bloomberg) of the Common Stock on the Principal Market on any Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending
on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination (such period, the Volume Failure Measuring Period),
is less than $50,000.

(yyy)
VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or,
if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic
bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as
reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the
average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in
The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated
for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined by the Company and the Required Holders. If the Company and the Required Holders are unable to agree upon the fair
market value of such security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 23. All such determinations
shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction
during such period.

52

33.
Disclosure. Upon receipt or delivery by the Company of any notice in accordance with the terms of this Certificate of Designations,
unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business Day
immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form
8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the applicable Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or promptly
(but no later than the next Business Day) following receipt of notice from such Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such
written indication in such notice (or notification from the Company promptly (but no later than the next Business Day) following receipt
of notice from such Holder), such Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the notice does not constitute material,
non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing contained in this Section 32 shall limit any
obligations of the Company, or any rights of any Holder, under Section 7 of the Exchange Agreement.

34.
Absence of Trading and Disclosure Restrictions. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Holder is a fiduciary or agent of
the Company and that each Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company
or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement
signed by an officer of such Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such
an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that each Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by
the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any
such information to any third party.

[The
remainder of the page is intentionally left blank]

53

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Certificate of Designations of the Certificate of Incorporation of TruGolf Holdings, Inc.
(f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.) to be signed by its Chief Executive Officer on this 21st day of April, 2025.

TruGolf Holdings,
Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)

By: 

Name: Christopher Jones

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT
I

TRUGOLF
HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION CORP.)

CONVERSION
NOTICE

Reference
is made to the Certificate of Designations of the Certificate of Incorporation of TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition
Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company) establishing the terms, preferences and rights of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, $0.0001 par value (the Preferred Shares) of the Company (the Certificate of Designations).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Certificate of Designations, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of Preferred
Shares indicated below into shares of common stock, $0.0001 value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company,
as of the date specified below.

Date
of Conversion: 

Aggregate
number of Preferred Shares to be converted: 

Aggregate
Stated Value of such Preferred Shares to be converted: 

Aggregate
accrued and unpaid Dividends with respect to such Preferred Shares to be converted: 

AGGREGATE
CONVERSION AMOUNT TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please
confirm the following information:

Conversion
Price: 

Number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

If this
Conversion Notice is being delivered with respect to an Alternate Conversion, check here if Holder is electing to use the following
Alternate Conversion Price: _____________________

Please issue the Common Stock into which the applicable Preferred Shares are being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date: _____________ __,

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: __________________________________________

E-mail Address:

EXHIBIT
II

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges this Conversion Notice, (b) certifies that the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock [are][are
not] eligible to be resold by the applicable Holder either (i) pursuant to Rule 144 (subject to such Holders execution and delivery
to the Company of a customary 144 representation letter) or (ii) an effective and available registration statement and (c) hereby directs
_________________ to issue the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the Transfer Agent Instructions dated
_____________, 20__ from the Company and acknowledged and agreed to by ________________________.

TRUGOLF
HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP

MEDICINE
ACQUISITION CORP.)

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

TruGolf
Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)

Warrant
to Purchase

Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock

Preferred
Warrant No.: PW-[ ]

Date
of Issuance: February 2, 2024 (Issuance Date)

Date
of Exchange: April __, 2025

TruGolf
Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that,
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [BUYER],
the registered holder hereof or its permitted assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth
below, to purchase from the Company, at the Exercise Price (as defined below) then in effect, upon exercise of this Warrant to Purchase
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued in exchange, transfer
or replacement hereof, the Warrant), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, but not after 11:59 p.m.,
New York time, on the Expiration Date (as defined below), [________](subject to adjustment as provided herein) fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Warrant Preferred Shares). This Warrant is one of the Warrants
(as defined in the Exchange Agreement (as defined below)) to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Exchange Preferred
Warrants) issued pursuant to those certain Amendment and Exchange Agreements, dated April __, 2025 (the Exchange
Date), each by and between the Company and a holder of Exchange Warrants (as defined in the Exchange Agreements) (the Exchange
Agreements, and such Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and the Holder, the Exchange Agreement).
Except as otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 16.

1.
EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)
Mechanics of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder on any day on or
after the Issuance Date (an Exercise Date), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via e-mail or otherwise) of
a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Exercise Notice), of the Holders
election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Warrant
Preferred Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price) in cash or via wire transfer
of immediately available funds. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise
hereunder. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Warrant Preferred Shares shall have the
same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining
number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Warrant Preferred Shares
shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Warrant Preferred Shares in accordance
with the terms hereof. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice
(or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade
of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on the applicable Exercise Date), the Company shall issue and deliver (via reputable overnight
courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for
the number of Warrant Preferred Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise
Notice and the release, at the direction of the Holder, of a wire (or irrevocable wire instructions to send the wire as soon as commercially
practicable, but in no event later than the next Trading Day) of the Aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (the Exercise
Conditions), the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Preferred
Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised (including, without limitation, the right to convert such Warrant Preferred
Shares), irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Preferred Shares (as the case may be). If a
certificate with respect to this Warrant is delivered to the Company in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1(a) and
the number of Warrant Preferred Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Preferred
Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then, at the request of the Holder, the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event
later than one (1) Business Day after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares purchasable immediately prior
to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Preferred Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No
fractional Warrant Preferred Shares are to be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of Warrant Preferred Shares
to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar
taxes, costs and expenses that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares upon exercise of
this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Companys failure to deliver Warrant Preferred Shares to the Holder on or prior
to the later of (i) one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable Exercise Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to
the 1934 Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade of such Warrant Preferred Shares initiated on
the applicable Exercise Date) and (ii) the date of the Companys receipt of the Aggregate Exercise Price (such later date, the
Share Delivery Deadline) shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may convert the Warrant Preferred Shares into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations
at any time, at the option of the Holder, following its satisfaction of the applicable Exercise Conditions (whether or not a certificate
with respect to such Warrant Preferred Shares has been delivered to the Holder on or prior to such time of conversion). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, at any time after the Holder shall have exercised [ ] (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
recapitalizations and similar events) of the Warrant Preferred Shares hereunder, no Exercise Notice shall be valid (and such Exercise
Notice shall not be deemed to have been delivered hereunder) until such time as the Company shall have executed and delivered to the
Holder the consent and acknowledgement attached hereto as Exhibit B.

(b)
Exercise Price. For purposes of this Warrant, Exercise Price means $900 per each Warrant Preferred Share,
subject to adjustment as provided herein.

(c)
Disputes. In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Exercise Price or the arithmetic calculation of the number of
Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company shall promptly issue to the Holder the number of Warrant
Preferred Shares that are not disputed and resolve such dispute in accordance with Section 12.

(d)
Forced Exercise.

(i)
General. At any time after the Exchange Date, so long as no Equity Conditions Failure then exists (unless waived in writing by
the Holder) (each such applicable date, a Forced Exercise Eligibility Date), the Company shall have the right to
require the Holder to exercise this Warrant into up to such aggregate number of fully paid, validly issued and non-assessable Warrant
Preferred Shares equal to [ ] Warrant Preferred Shares (the Maximum Forced Exercise Share Amount), as designated
in the applicable Forced Exercise Notice (as defined below) to be issued and delivered in accordance with Section 1(a) hereof (each,
a Forced Exercise). The Company may exercise its right to require a Forced Exercise under this Section 1(d) by delivering
a written notice thereof, at one, or more times, by electronic mail to all, but not less than all, of the holders of Exchange Preferred
Warrants (each, a Forced Exercise Notice, and the date thereof, each a Forced Exercise Notice Date)
on a Forced Exercise Eligibility Date. For purposes of Section 1(a) hereof, Forced Exercise Notice shall be deemed to replace
Exercise Notice for all purposes thereunder as if the Holder delivered an Exercise Notice to the Company on the Forced
Exercise Notice Date, mutatis mutandis. Each Forced Exercise Notice shall be irrevocable. Each Forced Exercise Notice shall state
(i) the Trading Day selected for the Forced Exercise in accordance with this Section 1(d), which Trading Day shall be the second (2nd)
Trading Day (or such earlier date as the Holder may designate to the Company in writing) following the applicable Forced Exercise Notice
Date (each, a Forced Exercise Date), (ii) the aggregate portion of this Warrant and the Exchange Preferred Warrants
subject to forced exercise from the Holder and all of the holders of the Exchange Preferred Warrants pursuant to this Section 1(d) (and
analogous provisions under the Exchange Preferred Warrants), (iii) the Maximum Forced Exercise Share Amount applicable to the Holder
(including calculations and any other documents reasonably requested by the Holder with respect thereto) and (iv) that there has been
no Equity Conditions Failure (or specifying any such Equity Conditions Failure that then exists, with an acknowledgement that unless
such Equity Conditions are waived, in whole or in part, such Forced Exercise Notice will be invalid). Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, if an Equity Conditions Failure occurs at any time after a Forced Exercise Notice Date and prior to the time of consummation
of such applicable Forced Exercise, (A) the Company shall provide the Holder a subsequent notice to that effect and (B) unless the Holder
waives the applicable Equity Conditions Failure, the Forced Exercise shall be cancelled and the applicable Forced Exercise Notice shall
be null and void. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Triggering Event has occurred and continuing, unless such Triggering Event (as defined
in the Certificate of Designations) has been waived, in whole or in part, in writing by the Holder, Company shall have no right to effect
a Forced Exercise; provided, that such Triggering Event, as applicable, shall have no effect upon the Holders right to exercise
this Warrant in its discretion.

2

(ii)
Pro Rata Exercise Requirement. If the Company elects to cause a Forced Exercise of this Warrant pursuant to this Section 1(d),
then it must simultaneously take the same action in the same proportion with respect to all of the Exchange Preferred Warrants.

(e)
Reservation of Shares. So long as this Warrant remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times keep reserved for issuance
under this Warrant a number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at least equal to 100% of the maximum number of shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as shall be necessary to satisfy the Companys obligation to issue shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock under the Exchange Preferred Warrants then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercise) (the Required
Reserve Amount); provided that at no time shall the number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock reserved pursuant
to this Section 1(d) be reduced other than proportionally in connection with any exercise or redemption of Exchange Preferred Warrants
or such other event covered by Section 2(a) below. The Required Reserve Amount (including, without limitation, each increase in the number
of shares so reserved) shall be allocated pro rata among the holders of the Exchange Preferred Warrants based on number of shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of Exchange Preferred Warrants held by each holder on the Closing Date (without
regard to any limitations on exercise) or increase in the number of reserved shares, as the case may be (the Authorized Share
Allocation). In the event that a holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such holders Exchange Preferred Warrants,
each transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such holders Authorized Share Allocation. Any shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock reserved and allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Exchange Preferred Warrants shall be allocated to the remaining
holders of Exchange Preferred Warrants, pro rata based on the number of Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Exchange
Preferred Warrants then held by such holders (without regard to any limitations on exercise). If, notwithstanding the foregoing, and
not in limitation thereof, at any time while any of the Exchange Preferred Warrants remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient
number of authorized and unreserved shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve the Required
Reserve Amount (an Authorized Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase
the Companys authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve
the Required Reserve Amount for all the Exchange Preferred Warrants then outstanding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure, but in no event later than sixty (60)
days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting of its shareholders for the approval of
an increase in the number of authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. In connection with such meeting, the Company
shall provide each shareholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its shareholders approval of such
increase in authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the shareholders
that they approve such proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such time of an Authorized Share Failure, the Company is able
to obtain the written consent of a majority of its issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to approve the
increase in the number of authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company may satisfy this obligation by obtaining
such consent and submitting for filing with the SEC an Information Statement on Schedule 14C.

3

2.
ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF WARRANT PREFERRED SHARES. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Preferred Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2.

(a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time on or after the Exchange Date, (i) pays a stock dividend on one or more
classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable
in Warrant Preferred Shares, (ii) subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes
of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a larger number of shares or (iii) combines (by combination, reverse stock split
or otherwise) one or more classes of its then outstanding Warrant Preferred Shares into a smaller number of shares then in each such
case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Warrant Preferred Shares outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii)
of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. If any event requiring
an adjustment under this paragraph occurs during the period that an Exercise Price is calculated hereunder, then the calculation of such
Exercise Price shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect such event.

(b)
Number of Warrant Preferred Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number
of Warrant Preferred Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that
after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant Preferred Shares shall be the
same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment (without regard to any limitations on exercise contained
herein).

(c)
Voluntary Adjustment By Company. Subject to the rules and regulations of the Principal Market, the Company may at any time during
the term of this Warrant, with the prior written consent of the Holder, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for
any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company.

4

3.
FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS.

(a)
Fundamental Transactions. The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity
assumes in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Exchange Documents (as defined in the Exchange
Agreements) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(a) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory
to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including agreements to deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Warrant, including, without limitation, which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock equivalent to
the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account
the relative value of the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such adjustments to the number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting
the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction) and (ii) the Successor Entity
(including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market.
Upon the consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and
after the date of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Exchange Documents referring to
the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Exchange Documents with the same effect as if such Successor
Entity had been named as the Company herein. Upon consummation of each Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to
the Holder confirmation that there shall be issued upon exercise of this Warrant at any time after the consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property)
issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction, such shares of publicly traded common stock
(or its equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder would have been entitled to receive upon the
happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been completely exercised (and the underlying Warrant Preferred
Shares completely converted) immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion
of the Warrant Preferred Shares), as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder
may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the Company to waive this Section 3(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction
without the assumption of this Warrant. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation
of each Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets
with respect to or in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate
provision to insure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon an exercise of this Warrant and conversion of the
underlying Warrant Preferred Shares at any time after the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction but prior to the Expiration
Date, in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property) issuable upon the exercise of the
Warrant and conversion of the underlying Warrant Preferred Shares prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such shares of stock, securities,
cash, assets or any other property whatsoever (including warrants or other purchase or subscription rights) which the Holder would have
been entitled to receive upon the happening of the applicable Fundamental Transaction had this Warrant been exercised and converted into
Warrant Preferred Shares immediately prior to the applicable Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the exercise
of this Warrant). Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.

5

(b)
Application. The provisions of this Section 3 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and Corporate
Events and shall be applied as if this Warrant (and any such subsequent warrants) were fully exercisable and without regard to any limitations
on the exercise of this Warrant.

4.
NONCIRCUMVENTION. The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation
(as defined in the Exchange Agreement), Bylaws (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions
of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any Warrant Preferred Shares receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the
Exercise Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly
and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Preferred Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant.

5.
WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Holder, solely in its capacity
as a holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company
for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in its capacity as the Holder
of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action
(whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock, consolidation, merger, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice
of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Preferred Shares
which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed
as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder
of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company, except to the extent required, from
time to time, pursuant to Section 1(d) herein. Notwithstanding this Section 5, the Company shall provide the Holder with copies of the
same notices and other information given to the stockholders of the Company generally, contemporaneously with the giving thereof to the
stockholders. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if after the sixty (60) calendar day anniversary of the Exchange Date,
the Holder is not permitted to exercise this Warrant in full for any reason, the Company shall use its best efforts to promptly remedy
such failure, including, without limitation, obtaining such consents or approvals as necessary to permit such exercise into shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.

6.
REISSUANCE OF WARRANTS.

(a)
Transfer of Warrant. If this Warrant is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company, whereupon the
Company will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)), registered as
the Holder may request, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares being transferred by the Holder and,
if less than the total number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant is being transferred, a new Warrant (in accordance
with Section 6(d)) to the Holder representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Preferred Shares not being transferred.

(b)
Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss,
theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall
suffice as such evidence), and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary and reasonable form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing the right to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares
then underlying this Warrant.

(c)
Exchangeable for Multiple Warrants. This Warrant is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Warrant or Warrants (in accordance with Section 6(d)) representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the
number of Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant, and each such new Warrant will represent the right to purchase such
portion of such Warrant Preferred Shares as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender; provided, however, no warrants
for fractional Warrant Preferred Shares shall be given.

(d)
Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant (i) shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant, the right
to purchase the Warrant Preferred Shares then underlying this Warrant (or in the case of a new Warrant being issued pursuant to Section
6(a) or Section 6(c), the Warrant Preferred Shares designated by the Holder which, when added to the number of Warrant Preferred Shares
underlying the other new Warrants issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the number of Warrant Preferred Shares then
underlying this Warrant), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance
Date, (iv) shall have an exchange date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Exchange Date, and (v)
shall have the same rights and conditions as this Warrant.

6

7.
NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Exchange Agreement). The Company shall provide
the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions taken pursuant to this Warrant (other than the issuance of Warrant Preferred Shares
upon exercise in accordance with the terms hereof), including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder (i) immediately upon each adjustment
of the Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Preferred Shares, setting forth in reasonable detail, and certifying, the calculation
of such adjustment(s), (ii) at least fifteen (15) days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record for
determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information
shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder, (iii) at least ten (10) Trading
Days prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction and (iv) within one (1) Business Day of the occurrence of a Triggering
Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), setting forth in reasonable detail any material events with respect to such Triggering
Event and any efforts by the Company to cure such Triggering Event. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or
contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), the
Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the SEC (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) pursuant to a Current Report on Form
8-K. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides material non-public information to the Holder that is not simultaneously filed
in a Current Report on Form 8-K and the Holder has not agreed to receive such material non-public information, the Company hereby covenants
and agrees that the Holder shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents with respect to, or a duty to any of the foregoing not to trade on the basis of,
such material non-public information. It is expressly understood and agreed that the time of execution specified by the Holder in each
Exercise Notice shall be definitive and may not be disputed or challenged by the Company.

8.
DISCLOSURE. Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance
with the terms of this Warrant, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute
material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York
city time on the Business Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information
on a Current Report on Form 8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice
(or immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice
(or notification from the Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information
contained in the notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Nothing
contained in this Section 8 shall limit any obligations of the Company, or any rights of the Holder, under Section 7 of the Exchange
Agreement.

7

9.
ABSENCE OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent
of the Company and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company
or (b) refrain from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement
signed by an officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such
an executed, written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by
the Company, may possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any
such information to any third party.

10.
AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may be amended and the Company may take
any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the
written consent of the Holder. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the
waiving party.

11.
SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by
a court of competent jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended
to apply to the broadest extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Warrant so long as this Warrant as so modified continues to express, without
material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability
of the provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or
the practical realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as
close as possible to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

12.
GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the
construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Warrant shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware,
without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to the Company at the address set
forth in Section 9(f) of the Securities Purchase Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
of process and notice thereof. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting
in Wilmington, Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder
from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect on the Companys obligations
to the Holder, to realize on any collateral or any other security for such obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling
in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR
THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8

13.
CONSTRUCTION; HEADINGS. This Warrant shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Holder and shall not be construed
against any Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Warrant are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or
affect the interpretation of, this Warrant. Terms used in this Warrant but defined in the other Exchange Documents shall have the meanings
ascribed to such terms on the date of the Exchange Agreement in such other Exchange Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing
by the Holder.

14.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

(a)
Submission to Dispute Resolution.

(i)
In the case of a dispute relating to the Exercise Price or fair market value or the arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred
Shares (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the Company
or the Holder (as the case may be) shall submit the dispute to the other party via electronic mail (A) if by the Company, within two
(2) Business Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by the Holder, at any time after the
Holder learned of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Company are unable to promptly resolve such dispute
relating to such Exercise Price or such fair market value or such arithmetic calculation of the number of Warrant Preferred Shares (as
the case may be), at any time after the second (2nd) Business Day following such initial notice by the Company or the Holder
(as the case may be) of such dispute to the Company or the Holder (as the case may be), then the Holder may, at its sole option, select
an independent, reputable investment bank to resolve such dispute.

(ii)
The Holder and the Company shall each deliver to such investment bank (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance
with the first sentence of this Section 12 and (B) written documentation supporting its position with respect to such dispute, in each
case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which the
Holder selected such investment bank (the Dispute Submission Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being
understood and agreed that if either the Holder or the Company fails to so deliver all of the Required Dispute Documentation by the Dispute
Submission Deadline, then the party who fails to so submit all of the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and
hereby waives its right to) deliver or submit any written documentation or other support to such investment bank with respect to such
dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based solely on the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to
such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Company and the Holder
or otherwise requested by such investment bank, neither the Company nor the Holder shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written
documentation or other support to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

9

(iii)
The Company and the Holder shall cause such investment bank to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Company and the
Holder of such resolution no later than ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. Such investment
banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent manifest error.

(iv)
Any reasonable costs and/or fees, including all reasonable attorneys fees of all parties and/or the reasonable fees of the investment
bank, shall be paid at the resolution of the dispute by the losing party.

(b)
Miscellaneous. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) this Section 13 constitutes an agreement to arbitrate between
the Company and the Holder (and constitutes an arbitration agreement) under the rules then in effect under the Delaware Rapid Arbitration
Act, as amended, (ii) the terms of this Warrant and each other applicable Exchange Document shall serve as the basis for the selected
investment banks resolution of the applicable dispute, such investment bank shall be entitled (and is hereby expressly authorized)
to make all findings, determinations and the like that such investment bank determines are required to be made by such investment bank
in connection with its resolution of such dispute, in its sole discretion, the Holder shall have the right to submit any dispute described
in this Section 12 to any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware in lieu of utilizing the procedures set forth in this
Section 12 and (iii) nothing in this Section 12 shall limit the Holder from obtaining any injunctive relief or other equitable remedies
(including, without limitation, with respect to any matters described in this Section 12).

15.
REMEDIES, CHARACTERIZATION, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Warrant shall be
cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under this Warrant and the other Exchange Documents, at law or in equity (including
a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the right of the Holder to pursue actual
and consequential damages for any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Warrant. The Company covenants to the Holder
that there shall be no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided
for herein with respect to payments, exercises and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the
Holder and shall not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof).
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy
at law for any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach,
the holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary,
preliminary and permanent injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the
necessity of proving actual damages and without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation
to the Holder that is requested by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Warrant (including, without limitation, compliance with Section 2 hereof). The issuance of shares and certificates for shares
as contemplated hereby upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder or such shares for any issuance tax
or other costs in respect thereof, provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than the Holder or its agent on its behalf.

10

16.
PAYMENT OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS.
If (a) this Warrant is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or is collected or enforced through any legal
proceeding or the holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Warrant or to enforce the provisions of this Warrant
or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the company or other proceedings affecting company creditors
rights and involving a claim under this Warrant, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the Holder for such collection, enforcement
or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding, including, without limitation, attorneys
fees and disbursements. 

17.
TRANSFER . This Warrant may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without the consent of the Company.

18.
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
1933 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b)
1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c)
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a
Person means the power directly or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors of such Person or direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(d)
Bloomberg means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification,
commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f)
Certificate of Designations means that certain Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company, dated as of April [__], 2025, as amended from time to time.

(g)
Common Stock means (i) the Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and (ii) any capital
stock into which such common stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such common stock.

(h)
Eligible Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market, or the Principal Market.

11

(i)
Equity Conditions means, with respect to an given date of determination: (i) on such applicable date of determination
one or more registration statements (each, the Forced Exercise Registration Statement) filed pursuant to the New
Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) shall be effective and the prospectus contained therein shall be
available on such applicable date of determination (with, for the avoidance of doubt, any shares of Common Stock previously sold pursuant
to such prospectus deemed unavailable) for the resale of all shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares) issuable
upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection
with the event requiring such determination, without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations,
at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect (such applicable aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock, each, a Required Minimum Securities Amount) in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement
and there shall not have been during such period any Grace Periods (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement); (ii) on each day
during the period beginning thirty (30) calendar days prior to the applicable date of determination and ending on and including the applicable
date of determination (the Equity Conditions Measuring Period), the Common Stock (including all shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and the Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued
in the event requiring this determination) is listed or designated for quotation (as applicable) on an Eligible Market and shall not
have been suspended from trading on an Eligible Market (other than suspensions of not more than two (2) days and occurring prior to the
applicable date of determination due to business announcements by the Company) nor shall delisting or suspension by an Eligible Market
have been threatened (with a reasonable prospect of delisting occurring after giving effect to all applicable notice, appeal, compliance
and hearing periods) or reasonably likely to occur or pending as evidenced by (A) a writing by such Eligible Market or (B) the Company
falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated
for quotation (as applicable) (or, any such failure to comply with the minimum listing maintenance requirements would cease to exists
after giving effect to the consummation of the Forced Exercise pursuant to which this determination is being made); (iii) during the
Equity Conditions Measuring Period, the Company shall have delivered all Warrant Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
on a timely basis as set forth in Section 1 hereof and all other shares of capital stock required to be delivered by the Company on a
timely basis as set forth in the other Exchange Documents; (iv) any Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with the event
requiring determination (and the Required Minimum Securities Amount of Conversion Shares related thereto and issuable upon conversion
of the Preferred Shares (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then outstanding (in each case, without regard to any limitations
on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations and at the Floor Price then in effect) may be issued in full without violating
the rules or regulations of the Eligible Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or designated for quotation (as applicable);
(v) on each day during the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, no public announcement of a pending, proposed or intended Fundamental
Transaction shall have occurred which has not been abandoned, terminated or consummated; (vi) the Company shall have no knowledge of
any fact that would reasonably be expected to cause the applicable Forced Exercise Registration Statement to not be effective or the
prospectus contained therein to not be available for the resale by the Holder of the Required Minimum Securities Amount of Conversion
Shares related to all Preferred Shares then outstanding and any Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with such determination,
respectively, and no Current Public Information Failure (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) exists or is continuing; (vii)
the Holder shall not be in possession of any material, non-public information provided to any of them by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective affiliates, employees, officers, representatives, agents or the like; (viii) on each day during the Equity
Conditions Measuring Period, the Company otherwise shall have been in compliance with each, and shall not have breached any representation
or warranty in any material respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which
may not be breached in any respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of any Exchange Document, including, without limitation,
the Company shall not have failed to timely make any payment pursuant to any Exchange Document; (ix) there shall not have occurred any
Volume Failure or Price Failure as of such applicable date of determination; (x) on the applicable date of determination (A) no Authorized
Share Failure shall exist or be continuing, (B) all Warrant Preferred Shares to be issued in connection with the event requiring this
determination may be issued in full without resulting in an Authorized Share Failure (as defined in Section 1(e) above) and (C) the issuance
of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of such Warrant Preferred Shares and the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then
outstanding (assuming, for such purpose, that all the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred
Shares are converted at the Floor Price then in effect and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate
of Designations) will not result in an Authorized Share Failure (as defined in the Certificate of Designations); (xi) on each day during
the Equity Conditions Measuring Period, there shall not have occurred and there shall not exist a Triggering Event (as defined in the
Certificate of Designations) or an event that with the passage of time or giving of notice would constitute a Triggering Event; (xii)
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all of the Preferred Shares issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreements and issuable
upon exercise of the Exchange Preferred Warrants are duly authorized and listed and eligible for trading without restriction on an Eligible
Market (assuming, for such purpose, that all the Preferred Shares then outstanding and such Warrant Preferred Shares are converted at
the Floor Price then in effect and without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Certificate of Designations); (xiii)
no bone fide dispute shall exist, by and between any of holder of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or Exchange Preferred Warrants,
the Company, the Principal Market (or such applicable Eligible Market in which the Common Stock of the Company is then principally trading)
and/or FINRA with respect to any term or provision of the Certificate of Designations, any Exchange Preferred Warrant or any other Exchange
Document and (xiv) the Company shall have obtained the Stockholder Approval (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), which shall remain
in full force and effect as of such date of determination.

12

(j)
Equity Conditions Failure means that on each day during the period commencing twenty (20) Trading Days prior to
the applicable Forced Exercise Notice Date through and including the applicable Forced Exercise Date, the Equity Conditions have not
been satisfied (or waived in writing by the Holder).

(k)
Expiration Date means the date that is the second (2nd) anniversary of the Exchange Date (or such later date as
extended by written consent of the Company and the Holder) or, if such date falls on a day other than a Trading Day or on which trading
does not take place on the Principal Market (a Holiday), the next date that is not a Holiday.

(l)
Fundamental Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries,
Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the
surviving corporation) another Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X) to one or more Subject Entities, or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject
to or have its Common Stock be subject to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that
is accepted by the holders of at least either (x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of
Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject
Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock
such that all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or
exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities,
individually or in the aggregate, acquire, either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or
Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding;
or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify
its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one
or more related transactions, allow any Subject Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment,
conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange, reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise
in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common
Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such
Subject Entities as of the date of this Warrant calculated as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not
outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other
transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders
of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions,
the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the
intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity
with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective
or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or transaction.

13

(m)
Group means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5
thereunder.

(n)
Holder Pro Rata Amount means a fraction (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate number of shares of Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock issued to the Holder on the Exchange Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate number of shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued to pursuant to the Exchange Agreements on the Exchange Date.

(o)
Parent Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose
common stock or equivalent equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent
Entity, the Person or Parent Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(p)
Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization, any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(q)
Price Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the VWAP of the Common Stock on any Trading
Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination fails to exceed
$0.25 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions occurring after
the Exchange Date). All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations
or other similar transactions during any such measuring period.

(r)
Principal Market means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(s)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(t)
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock means (i) the Companys Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0001
par value per share, issued and issuable pursuant to the Series A Certificate of Designations and (ii) any capital stock into which such
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have been changed or any share capital resulting from a reclassification of such Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock.

(u)
Subject Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(v)
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

14

(w)
Trading Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the
Common Stock, any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading
market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded,
provided that Trading Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or
market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange
or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during
the hour ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or
(y) with respect to all determinations other than price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which
The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto) is open for trading of securities.

(x)
Volume Failure means, with respect to a particular date of determination, the aggregate daily dollar trading volume
(as reported on Bloomberg) of the Common Stock on the Principal Market on any Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Day period ending
on the Trading Day immediately preceding such date of determination (such period, the Volume Failure Measuring Period),
is less than $75,000 (as adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions
occurring after the Exchange Date).

(a)
VWAP means, for any security as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the Principal
Market (or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for such security, then on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded), during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its VAP function (set to 09:30 start time and 16:00 end time) or,
if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic
bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 9:30 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time, as
reported by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the
average of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported in
The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices). If the VWAP cannot be calculated
for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as
mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such
security, then such dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures in Section 12. All such determinations shall be appropriately
adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction during such period.

[signature
page follows]

15

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to be duly executed as of the
Exchange Date set out above.

TruGolf Holdings,
Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A

EXERCISE
NOTICE

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS

WARRANT TO PURCHASE SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

TRUGOLF
HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION CORP.)

The
undersigned holder hereby elects to exercise the Warrant to Purchase Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, No. [ ]
(the Warrant) of TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company)
as specified below. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

1.
Payment of Exercise Price. The Holder shall pay the Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company
in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

2.
Delivery of Warrant Preferred Shares. The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for
its benefit, as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue
to: 

Date: _____________ __, 

Name of Registered Holder 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Tax ID: __________________________

E-mail Address: ___________________

EXHIBIT
B

CONSENT
AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The
Company hereby acknowledges receipt of the attached Exercise Notice and consents to such exercise of the Warrant in accordance therewith.

Dated:
______________

TRUGOLF HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION
CORP.)

By:

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.4

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of April __, 2025, is by and among TruGolf Holdings,
Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation with offices located at 60 North 1400 West, Centerville, UT 84014
(the Company), and the undersigned buyers (each, a Buyer, and collectively, the Buyers).

RECITALS

A.
In connection with that certain Amendment and Exchange Agreement by and among the Company and the Buyer, dated as of April ___, 2025
(the Exchange Agreement), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement,
in exchange for certain securities then held by each Buyer to issue to each Buyer (i) the New Exchange Preferred Shares (as defined in
the Exchange Agreement), which will be convertible into certain New Conversion Shares (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) in accordance
with the terms of the Certificate of Designations (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) and (ii) the New Warrant Preferred Shares (as
defined in the Exchange Agreement), which will be convertible into New Warrant Conversion Shares (as defined in the Exchange Agreement)
in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations (as defined in the Exchange Agreement).

B.
To induce the Buyers to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain
registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
statute (collectively, the 1933 Act), and applicable state securities laws.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the Buyers hereby agree as follows:

1.
Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Exchange Agreement. As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)
Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New
York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification,
commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(b)
Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Exchange Agreement.

(c)
Effective Date means the date that the applicable Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC.

(d)
Effectiveness Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant
to Section 2(a), the earlier of the (A) ninetieth (90th) calendar day after the Stockholder Approval Date and (B) second (2nd) Business
Day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will
not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be
required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the earlier of the (A) ninetieth (90th) calendar day following the date
on which the Company was required to file such additional Registration Statement and (B) second (2nd) Business Day after the date the
Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or
will not be subject to further review.

(e)
Filing Deadline means (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section
2(a), the fifteenth (15) calendar day after the Stockholder Approval Date and (ii) with respect to any additional Registration Statements
that may be required to be filed by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the date on which the Company was required to file such additional
Registration Statement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(f)
Investor means a Buyer or any transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities, New Preferred Shares, and/or
New Preferred Warrants (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), as applicable, to whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement
and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and any transferee or assignee thereof
to whom a transferee or assignee of any Registrable Securities, New Preferred Shares, and/or New Preferred Warrants, as applicable, assigns
its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9.

(g)
Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust,
an unincorporated organization or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(h)
register, registered, and registration refer to a registration effected
by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 and the declaration
of effectiveness of such Registration Statement(s) by the SEC.

(i)
Registrable Securities means (i) the New Warrant Conversion Shares, and (ii) any capital stock of the Company issued
or issuable with respect to the New Warrant Conversion Shares, including, without limitation, (1) as a result of any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise and (2) shares of capital stock of the Company into which the shares
of Common Stock (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) are converted or exchanged, without regard to any limitations on conversion
of the New Warrant Conversion Shares.

2

(j)
Registration Statement means a registration statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the
1933 Act covering Registrable Securities.

(k)
Required Holders shall have the meaning as set forth in the Exchange Agreement.

(l)
Required Registration Amount means 100% of the maximum number of New Warrant Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion
of the New Warrant Preferred Shares (assuming for purposes hereof that (w) the New Preferred Warrants (as defined in the Exchange Agreement)
have been exercised into such aggregate number of New Warrant Preferred Shares equal to the number of New Warrant Preferred Shares as
the Investor shall have the right to exercise into without the consent of the Company, (x) the New Warrant Preferred Shares are convertible
at the Floor Price (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) then in effect, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account
any limitations on the conversion of the New Warrant Preferred Shares set forth in the Certificate of Designations), all subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 2(d) and/or Section 2(f).

(m)
Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the Company
to the public without registration.

(n)
Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time,
or any other similar or successor rule or regulation of the SEC providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis.

(o)
SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

2.
Registration.

(a)
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare and, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Filing Deadline,
file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities, provided that
such initial Registration Statement shall register for resale at least the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Registration
Amount as of the date such Registration Statement is initially filed with the SEC; provided further that if Form S-3 is unavailable for
such a registration, the Company shall use such other form as is required by Section 2(c). Such initial Registration Statement, and each
other Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall contain (except if otherwise directed
by the Required Holders) the Selling Stockholders and Plan of Distribution sections in substantially
the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. The Company shall use its best efforts to have such initial Registration Statement, and
each other Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, declared effective by the SEC as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for such Registration Statement.

3

(b)
Legal Counsel. Subject to Section 5 hereof, Kelley Drye & Warren LLP, counsel solely to the lead investor (Legal
Counsel) shall review and oversee any registration, solely on behalf of the lead investor, pursuant to this Section 2.

(c)
Ineligibility to Use Form S-3. In the event that Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities
hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 or another appropriate form reasonably
acceptable to the Required Holders and (ii) undertake to register the resale of the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such
form is available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of all Registration Statements then in effect until such
time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the
SEC and the prospectus contained therein is available for use.

(d)
Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under any Registration Statement is insufficient
to cover all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered by such Registration Statement or an Investors allocated portion
of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(h), the Company shall amend such Registration Statement (if permissible), or file
with the SEC a new Registration Statement (on the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover at least the
Required Registration Amount as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the filing of such amendment or new Registration
Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than fifteen (15) days after the necessity therefor arises
(but taking account of any Staff position with respect to the date on which the Staff will permit such amendment to the Registration
Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case may be) to be filed with the SEC). The Company shall use its best efforts
to cause such amendment to such Registration Statement and/or such new Registration Statement (as the case may be) to become effective
as soon as practicable following the filing thereof with the SEC, but in no event later than the applicable Effectiveness Deadline for
such Registration Statement. For purposes of the foregoing provision, the number of shares available under a Registration Statement shall
be deemed insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock available
for resale under the applicable Registration Statement is less than the product determined by multiplying (i) the Required Registration
Amount as of such time by (ii) 0.90. The calculation set forth in the foregoing sentence shall be made without regard to any limitations
on conversion, amortization and/or redemption of the New Warrant Preferred Shares or exercise of the New Preferred Warrants (and such
calculation shall assume (A) that the New Warrant Preferred Shares are then convertible in full into shares of Common Stock at the then
prevailing Conversion Rate (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), (B) the New Warrant Preferred Shares remain outstanding through
the scheduled Maturity Date (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) and no redemptions of the New Warrant Preferred Shares occur
prior to the scheduled Maturity Date and (C) the New Preferred Warrants have been exercised in full on the Closing Date).

4

(e)
Effect of Failure to Maintain Effectiveness of any Registration Statement. If (i), other than during an Allowable Grace Period
(as defined below), on any day after the Effective Date of a Registration Statement sales of all of the Registrable Securities required
to be included on such Registration Statement (disregarding any reduction pursuant to Section 2(f)) cannot be made pursuant to such Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, because of a failure to keep such Registration Statement effective, a failure to disclose such
information as is necessary for sales to be made pursuant to such Registration Statement, a suspension or delisting of (or a failure
to timely list) the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) or any other limitations imposed
by the Principal Market, or a failure to register a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock or by reason of a stop order) or the
prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason (a Maintenance Failure) or (ii) if a Registration
Statement is not effective for any reason or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use for any reason, and either (x)
the Company fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements of Rule 144(c)(1), including, without limitation, the failure to satisfy
the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (y) the Company has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i)
or becomes such an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Current
Public Information Failure) as a result of which any of the Investors are unable to sell Registrable Securities without restriction
under Rule 144 (including, without limitation, volume restrictions), then, as partial relief for the damages to any holder by reason
of any such delay in, or reduction of, its ability to sell the underlying shares of Common Stock (which remedy shall not be exclusive
of any other remedies available at law or in equity, including, without limitation, specific performance), the Company shall pay to each
holder of Registrable Securities relating to such Registration Statement an amount in cash equal to two percent (2%) of such Investors
Purchase Price under the Securities Purchase Agreement (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) (1) on the date of such Maintenance Failure
or Current Public Information Failure, as applicable, and (2) on every thirty (30) day anniversary of (I) a Maintenance Failure until
such Maintenance Failure is cured and (II) a Current Public Information Failure until the earlier of (x) the date such Current Public
Information Failure is cured and (y) such time that such public information is no longer required pursuant to Rule 144 (in each case,
pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty (30) days). The payments to which a holder of Registrable Securities shall be entitled
pursuant to this Section 2(e) are referred to herein as Registration Delay Payments. Following the initial Registration
Delay Payment for any particular event or failure (which shall be paid on the date of such event or failure, as set forth above), without
limiting the foregoing, if an event or failure giving rise to the Registration Delay Payments is cured prior to any thirty (30) day anniversary
of such event or failure, then such Registration Delay Payment shall be made on the third (3rd) Business Day after such cure. In the
event the Company fails to make Registration Delay Payments in a timely manner in accordance with the foregoing, such Registration Delay
Payments shall bear interest at the rate of two percent (2%) per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Registration Delay Payments shall be owed to an Investor (other than with respect to a Maintenance Failure resulting
from a suspension or delisting of (or a failure to timely list) the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market) with respect to any
period during which all of such Investors Registrable Securities may be sold by such Investor without restriction under Rule 144
(including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or
Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable).

5

(f)
Offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event the staff of the SEC (the Staff)
or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an
offering of securities by, or on behalf of, the Company, or in any other manner, such that the Staff or the SEC do not permit such Registration
Statement to become effective and used for resales in a manner that does not constitute such an offering and that permits the continuous
resale at the market by the Investors participating therein (or as otherwise may be acceptable to each Investor) without being named
therein as an underwriter, then the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included in such Registration Statement
by all Investors until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective as aforesaid.
In making such reduction, the Company shall reduce the number of shares to be included by all Investors on a pro rata basis (based upon
the number of Registrable Securities otherwise required to be included for each Investor) unless the inclusion of shares by a particular
Investor or a particular set of Investors are resulting in the Staff or the SECs by or on behalf of the Company
offering position, in which event the shares held by such Investor or set of Investors shall be the only shares subject to reduction
(and if by a set of Investors on a pro rata basis by such Investors or on such other basis as would result in the exclusion of the least
number of shares by all such Investors); provided, that, with respect to such pro rata portion allocated to any Investor, such Investor
may elect the allocation of such pro rata portion among the Registrable Securities of such Investor. In addition, in the event that the
Staff or the SEC requires any Investor seeking to sell securities under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement to
be specifically identified as an underwriter in order to permit such Registration Statement to become effective, and such
Investor does not consent to being so named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement, then, in each such case, the Company shall
reduce the total number of Registrable Securities to be registered on behalf of such Investor, until such time as the Staff or the SEC
does not require such identification or until such Investor accepts such identification and the manner thereof. Any reduction pursuant
to this paragraph will first reduce all Registrable Securities other than those issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. In the event
of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, an affected Investor shall have the right to require, upon delivery
of a written request to the Company signed by such Investor, the Company to file a registration statement within twenty (20) days of
such request (subject to any restrictions imposed by Rule 415 or required by the Staff or the SEC) for resale by such Investor in a manner
acceptable to such Investor, and the Company shall following such request cause to be and keep effective such registration statement
in the same manner as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement for registration statements hereunder, in each case until such time as:
(i) all Registrable Securities held by such Investor have been registered and sold pursuant to an effective Registration Statement in
a manner acceptable to such Investor or (ii) all Registrable Securities may be resold by such Investor without restriction (including,
without limitation, volume limitations) pursuant to Rule 144 (taking account of any Staff position with respect to affiliate
status) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or (iii) such
Investor agrees to be named as an underwriter in any such Registration Statement in a manner acceptable to such Investor as to all Registrable
Securities held by such Investor and that have not theretofore been included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement (it being
understood that the special demand right under this sentence may be exercised by an Investor multiple times and with respect to limited
amounts of Registrable Securities in order to permit the resale thereof by such Investor as contemplated above).

6

(g)
Piggyback Registrations. Without limiting any obligation of the Company hereunder or under the Exchange Agreement, if there is
not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities or the prospectus contained therein is not available
for use and the Company shall determine to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement or offering statement relating to an
offering for its own account or the account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than on Form S-4 or Form
S-8 (each as promulgated under the 1933 Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection
with any acquisition of any entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with the Companys stock option or other
employee benefit plans), then the Company shall deliver to each Investor a written notice of such determination and, if within fifteen
(15) days after the date of the delivery of such notice, any such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in
such registration statement or offering statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such Investor requests to be registered;
provided, however, the Company shall not be required to register any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(g) that are eligible
for resale pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction (including, without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current
public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) or that are the subject of a then-effective Registration
Statement.

(h)
Allocation of Registrable Securities. The initial number of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement and
any increase in the number of Registrable Securities included therein shall be allocated pro rata among the Investors based on the number
of Registrable Securities held by each Investor at the time such Registration Statement covering such initial number of Registrable Securities
or increase thereof is declared effective by the SEC. In the event that an Investor sells or otherwise transfers any of such Investors
Registrable Securities, each transferee or assignee (as the case may be) that becomes an Investor shall be allocated a pro rata portion
of the then-remaining number of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for such transferor or assignee (as the
case may be). Any shares of Common Stock included in a Registration Statement and which remain allocated to any Person which ceases to
hold any Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall be allocated to the remaining Investors, pro rata based
on the number of Registrable Securities then held by such Investors which are covered by such Registration Statement.

(i)
No Inclusion of Other Securities. The Company shall in no event include any securities other than Registrable Securities on any
Registration Statement filed in accordance herewith without the prior written consent of the Required Holders. Until the expiration of
the Registration Period, the Company shall not enter into any agreement providing any registration rights to any of its security holders.

7

3.
Related Obligations.

The
Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of
disposition thereof, and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

(a)
The Company shall promptly prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement with respect to all the Registrable Securities (but
in no event later than the applicable Filing Deadline) and use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective
as soon as practicable after such filing (but in no event later than the Effectiveness Deadline). Subject to Allowable Grace Periods,
the Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective (and the prospectus contained therein available for use) pursuant to Rule
415 for resales by the Investors on a delayed or continuous basis at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) at all times
until the earlier of (i) the date as of which all of the Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities required to be covered
by such Registration Statement (disregarding any reduction pursuant to Section 2(f)) without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 (including,
without limitation, volume restrictions) and without the need for current public information required by Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2),
if applicable) or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement (the Registration Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company
shall ensure that, when filed and at all times while effective, each Registration Statement (including, without limitation, all amendments
and supplements thereto) and the prospectus (including, without limitation, all amendments and supplements thereto) used in connection
with such Registration Statement (1) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in
which they were made) not misleading and (2) will disclose (whether directly or through incorporation by reference to other SEC filings
to the extent permitted) all material information regarding the Company and its securities. The Company shall submit to the SEC, within
one (1) Business Day after the later of the date that (i) the Company learns that no review of a particular Registration Statement will
be made by the Staff or that the Staff has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement (as the case may be) and (ii) the
consent of Legal Counsel is obtained pursuant to Section 3(c) (which consent shall be immediately sought), a request for acceleration
of effectiveness of such Registration Statement to a time and date not later than twenty-four (24) hours after the submission of such
request. The Company shall respond in writing to comments made by the SEC in respect of a Registration Statement as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than fifteen (15) days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the SEC that an amendment is required in
order for a Registration Statement to be declared effective.

(b)
Subject to Section 3(r) of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including, without limitation,
post-effective amendments) and supplements to each Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with each such Registration
Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep each such
Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period for such Registration Statement, and, during such period,
comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company required to be
covered by such Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance
with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement; provided, however,
by 8:30 a.m. (New York time) on the Business Day immediately following each Effective Date, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance
with Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act the final prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to the applicable Registration
Statement (whether or not such a prospectus is technically required by such rule). In the case of amendments and supplements to any Registration
Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by
reason of the Company filing a report on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q or Form 10-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the 1934 Act), the Company shall, if permitted under the applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC, have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments or supplements
with the SEC on the same day on which the 1934 Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend or supplement
such Registration Statement.

8

(c)
The Company shall (A) permit Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor to review and comment upon (i) each Registration
Statement at least five (5) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and (ii) all amendments and supplements to each Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, the prospectus contained therein) (except for Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any similar or successor reports) within a reasonable number of days prior to their filing
with the SEC, and (B) not file any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which Legal Counsel or any
legal counsel for any other Investor reasonably objects. The Company shall not submit a request for acceleration of the effectiveness
of a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or to any prospectus contained therein without the prior consent of
Legal Counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall promptly furnish to Legal Counsel and legal counsel
for each other Investor, without charge, (i) copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the Staff to the Company or its representatives
relating to each Registration Statement, provided that such correspondence shall not contain any material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), (ii) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC,
one (1) copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s) and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial
statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon
the effectiveness of each Registration Statement, one (1) copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments
and supplements thereto. The Company shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel and legal counsel for each other Investor in performing
the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 3.

(d)
The Company shall promptly furnish to each Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement, without
charge, (i) after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one (1) copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment(s)
and supplement(s) thereto, including, without limitation, financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference,
if requested by an Investor, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) upon the effectiveness of each Registration Statement,
ten (10) copies of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number
of copies as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time) and (iii) such other documents, including, without limitation, copies
of any preliminary or final prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition
of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor.

(e)
The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification applies,
the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue
sky laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including,
without limitation, post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain
the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations
and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable
to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, the Company shall not be required in connection
therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify
but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service
of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each
Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration
or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction
in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

9

(f)
The Company shall notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor in writing of the happening of any event,
as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration Statement,
as then in effect, may include an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that
in no event shall such notice contain any material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), and, subject
to Section 3(r), promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement and such prospectus contained therein to correct
such untrue statement or omission and deliver ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each
other Investor and each Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor or such Investor
may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and each Investor
in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, when a Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel, legal counsel
for each other Investor and each Investor by e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), and when the Company
receives written notice from the SEC that a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment will be reviewed by the SEC, (ii)
of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, (iii)
of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate; and
(iv) of the receipt of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for any additional information relating
to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related prospectus. The Company shall respond as promptly
as practicable to any comments received from the SEC with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto (it being understood
and agreed that the Companys response to any such comments shall be delivered to the SEC no later than fifteen (15) Business Days
after the receipt thereof).

(g)
The Company shall (i) use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of each Registration
Statement or the use of any prospectus contained therein, or the suspension of the qualification, or the loss of an exemption from qualification,
of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal
of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and (ii) notify Legal Counsel, legal counsel for each other Investor and
each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice
of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

10

(h)
If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such
Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, at the request of any Investor, the Company shall furnish to such Investor, on the
date of the effectiveness of such Registration Statement and thereafter from time to time on such dates as an Investor may reasonably
request (i) a letter, dated such date, from the Companys independent certified public accountants in form and substance as is
customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors,
and (ii) an opinion, dated as of such date, of counsel representing the Company for purposes of such Registration Statement, in form,
scope and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors.

(i)
If any Investor may be required under applicable securities law to be described in any Registration Statement as an underwriter and such
Investor consents to so being named an underwriter, upon the written request of such Investor, the Company shall make available for inspection
by (i) such Investor, (ii) legal counsel for such Investor and (iii) one (1) firm of accountants or other agents retained by such Investor
(collectively, the Inspectors), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents and
properties of the Company (collectively, the Records), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector,
and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any Inspector may reasonably request;
provided, however, each Inspector shall agree in writing to hold in strict confidence and not to make any disclosure (except to such
Investor) or use of any Record or other information which the Companys board of directors determines in good faith to be confidential,
and of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (1) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct
a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required under the 1933 Act, (2) the release of such Records
is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (3) the
information in such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Exchange Agreement). Such Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure
of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice
to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective
order for, the Records deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between the Company and such Investor,
if any) shall be deemed to limit any Investors ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent
with applicable laws and regulations.

(j)
The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required to be disclosed in
such Registration Statement pursuant to the 1933 Act, (iii) the release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other
final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information has been made generally
available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Company agrees
that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body
of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such Investor, at such Investors
expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

11

(k)
Without limiting any obligation of the Company under the Exchange Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts either to (i) cause
all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities
of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted
under the rules of such exchange, (ii) secure designation and quotation of all of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration
Statement on an Eligible Market (as defined in the Exchange Agreement), or (iii) if, despite the Companys best efforts to satisfy
the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) the Company is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding clauses (i) or (ii), without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, to use its best efforts to arrange for at least two market makers to register with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA) as such with respect to such Registrable Securities. In addition, the Company shall cooperate
with each Investor and any broker or dealer through which any such Investor proposes to sell its Registrable Securities in effecting
a filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by such Investor. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection
with satisfying its obligations under this Section 3(k).

(l)
The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable, facilitate
the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be
offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts (as the case may be)
as the Investors may reasonably request from time to time and registered in such names as the Investors may request.

(m)
If requested by an Investor, the Company shall as soon as practicable after receipt of notice from such Investor and subject to Section
3(r) hereof, (i) incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as an Investor reasonably requests
to be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with
respect to the number of Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of
the offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment;
and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement or prospectus contained therein if reasonably requested by an Investor
holding any Registrable Securities.

(n)
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be registered with
or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.

(o)
The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after the
close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of
Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first day of the Companys fiscal quarter
next following the applicable Effective Date of each Registration Statement.

12

(p)
The Company shall otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in connection with any
registration hereunder.

(q)
Within one (1) Business Day after a Registration Statement which covers Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC, the
Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities
(with copies to the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration Statement) confirmation that such Registration
Statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(r)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (but subject to the last sentence of this Section 3(r)), at any time after the Effective
Date of a particular Registration Statement, the Company may delay the disclosure of material, non-public information concerning the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good faith opinion of the board of directors of
the Company, in the best interest of the Company and, in the opinion of counsel to the Company, otherwise required (a Grace
Period), provided that the Company shall promptly notify the Investors in writing of the (i) existence of material, non-public
information giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each such notice the Company shall not disclose the content of such material,
non-public information to any of the Investors) and the date on which such Grace Period will begin and (ii) date on which such Grace
Period ends, provided further that (I) no Grace Period shall exceed ten (10) consecutive days and during any three hundred sixty five
(365) day period all such Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of thirty (30) days, (II) the first day of any Grace Period must
be at least five (5) Trading Days after the last day of any prior Grace Period and (III) no Grace Period may exist during the sixty (60)
Trading Day period immediately following the Effective Date of such Registration Statement (provided that such sixty (60) Trading Day
period shall be extended by the number of Trading Days during such period and any extension thereof contemplated by this proviso during
which such Registration Statement is not effective or the prospectus contained therein is not available for use) (each, an Allowable
Grace Period). For purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, such Grace Period shall begin on and include
the date the Investors receive the notice referred to in clause (i) above and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors
receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) above and the date referred to in such notice. The provisions of Section 3(g) hereof shall
not be applicable during the period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of each Grace Period, the Company shall again be bound
by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise thereto unless such material, non-public information
is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3(r), the Company shall cause its transfer
agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement
in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale, and delivered
a copy of the prospectus included as part of the particular Registration Statement to the extent applicable, prior to such Investors
receipt of the notice of a Grace Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

13

(s)
The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by each Investors of its Registrable
Securities pursuant to each Registration Statement.

(t)
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary or affiliate thereof shall identify any Investor as an underwriter in any public disclosure or
filing with the SEC, the Principal Market or any Eligible Market and any Buyer being deemed an underwriter by the SEC shall not relieve
the Company of any obligations it has under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Exchange Agreement);
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit the Company from including the disclosure found in the Plan of Distribution
section attached hereto as Exhibit B in the Registration Statement.

(u)
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would have the effect of impairing
the rights granted to the Buyers in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

4.
Obligations of the Investors.

(a)
At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first anticipated filing date of each Registration Statement, the Company shall notify each
Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such Investor with respect to such Registration Statement. It shall
be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the
Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the
Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as shall be reasonably
required to effect and maintain the effectiveness of the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents
in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

(b)
Each Investor, by such Investors acceptance of the Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of each Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor
has notified the Company in writing of such Investors election to exclude all of such Investors Registrable Securities
from such Registration Statement.

(c)
Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment
is required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4(c), the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended
shares of Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Agreement in connection with any sale
of Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt
of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(g) or the first sentence of Section 3(f)
and for which such Investor has not yet settled.

5.
Expenses of Registration.

All
reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting
fees, FINRA filing fees (if any) and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company. The Company shall
reimburse Legal Counsel for its fees and disbursements in connection with registration, filing or qualification pursuant to Sections
2 and 3 of this Agreement which amount shall be limited to $10,000 for each such registration, filing or qualification.

14

6.
Indemnification.

(a)
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor and each
of its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) and each Person,
if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act and each of the directors, officers, shareholders,
members, partners, employees, agents, advisors, representatives (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding the lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling Persons (each, an Indemnified
Person), against any losses, obligations, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges,
costs (including, without limitation, court costs, reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense and investigation), amounts
paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental,
administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or
may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or
actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made
in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in
which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration Statement,
or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with
the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light
of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the
Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation
thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any violation of
this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, Violations). Subject
to Section 6(c), the Company shall reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable,
for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim
by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation
of such Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the
Company pursuant to Section 3(d); and (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected
without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall remain
in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer
of any of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

(b)
In connection with any Registration Statement in which an Investor is participating, such Investor agrees to severally and not jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of
its directors, each of its officers who signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to
which any of them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise
out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case, to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon
and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with such Registration
Statement; and, subject to Section 6(c) and the below provisos in this Section 6(b), such Investor will reimburse an Indemnified Party
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim;
provided, however, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in
Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent
of such Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided further that such Investor shall be liable under
this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result
of the applicable sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of any of the Registrable
Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

15

(c)
Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement
of any action or proceeding (including, without limitation, any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under
this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have
the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person
or the Indemnified Party (as the case may be); provided, however, an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall
have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by the indemnifying party if: (i) the
indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (ii) the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume
the defense of such Claim and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case
may be) in any such Claim; or (iii) the named parties to any such Claim (including, without limitation, any impleaded parties) include
both such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) and the indemnifying party, and such Indemnified Person or such
Indemnified Party (as the case may be) shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same
counsel were to represent such Indemnified Person or such Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party (in which case, if such Indemnified
Person or such Indemnified Party (as the case may be) notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel
at the expense of the indemnifying party, then the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense thereof and such
counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party, provided further that in the case of clause (iii) above the indemnifying party
shall not be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one (1) separate legal counsel for such Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party (as the case may be). The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) shall reasonably cooperate
with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may
be) which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case
may be) reasonably apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying
party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent; provided, however,
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be), consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any
settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may be) of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation,
and such settlement shall not include any admission as to fault on the part of the Indemnified Party. Following indemnification as provided
for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person (as the case may
be) with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure
to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve
such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (as the case may be) under this Section 6, except
to the extent that the indemnifying party is materially and adversely prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d)
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

16

(e)
The indemnity and contribution agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified
Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject
to pursuant to the law.

7.
Contribution.

To
the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law;
provided, however: (i) no contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification
under the fault standards set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement, (ii) no Person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which
Person is guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall
be entitled to contribution from any Person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation;
and (iii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the amount of net proceeds received by such
seller from the applicable sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 7, no Investor shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such Investor from the applicable sale of the Registrable Securities subject to the Claim exceeds the amount
of any damages that such Investor has otherwise been required to pay, or would otherwise be required to pay under Section 6(b), by reason
of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

8.
Reports Under the 1934 Act.

With
a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144, the Company agrees to:

(a)
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(b)
file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long
as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood and agreed that nothing herein shall limit any obligations of
the Company under the Exchange Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable provisions
of Rule 144; and

(c)
furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the
Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting, submission and posting requirements of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company
with the SEC if such reports are not publicly available via EDGAR, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to
permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

17

9.
Assignment of Registration Rights.

All
or any portion of the rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by each Investor to any transferee or assignee (as
the case may be) of all or any portion of such Investors Registrable Securities or New Warrant Preferred Shares if: (i) such Investor
agrees in writing with such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) to assign all or any portion of such rights, and a copy of such
agreement is furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may be); (ii) the Company
is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment (as the case may be), furnished with written notice of (a) the name and
address of such transferee or assignee (as the case may be), and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are
being transferred or assigned (as the case may be); (iii) immediately following such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) the
further disposition of such securities by such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) is restricted under the 1933 Act or applicable
state securities laws if so required; (iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii)
of this sentence such transferee or assignee (as the case may be) agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions
contained herein; (v) such transfer or assignment (as the case may be) shall have been made in accordance with the applicable requirements
of the Exchange Agreement, Certificate of Designations or the New Preferred Warrants (as the case may be); and (vi) such transfer or
assignment (as the case may be) shall have been conducted in accordance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.

10.
Amendment of Registration Rights.

Provisions
of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and the Required Holders; provided that any such amendment or waiver
that complies with the foregoing, but that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Investor. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company, provided
that no such amendment shall be effective to the extent that it (1) applies to less than all of the holders of Registrable Securities
or (2) imposes any obligation or liability on any Investor without such Investors prior written consent (which may be granted
or withheld in such Investors sole discretion). No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification
of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration (other than the reimbursement of legal fees) also is offered to all
of the parties to this Agreement.

11.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
Solely for purposes of this Agreement, a Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns, or is deemed
to own, of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more
Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received
from such record owner of such Registrable Securities.

18

(b)
Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in
writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic
mail (provided that such sent email is kept on file (whether electronically or otherwise) by the sending party and the sending party
does not receive an automatically generated message from the recipients email server that such e-mail could not be delivered to
such recipient); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each
case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The mailing addresses and e-mail addresses for such communications shall be:

If
to the Company:

TruGolf
Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)

60
North 1400 West

Centerville,
UT 84014

Telephone:
(801) 298-1997

Attention:
Chief Executive Officer

E-Mail:
chrjones@trugolf.com

With
a copy (for informational purposes only) to:

ArentFox
Schiff LLP

1717
K Street NW

Washington,
DC 20006

Attn:
Cavas S. Pavri

Telephone
No.: (202) 724-6847

Email:
cavas.pavri@afslaw.com

If
to the Transfer Agent:

Equiniti
Trust Company, LLC

48
Wall Street, Floor 23

New
York, NY 10005

Attention:
Felix Orihuela and John Baker

E-Mail:
Felix.Orihuela@equiniti.com

If
to Legal Counsel:

Kelley
Drye & Warren LLP

3
World Trade Center

175
Greenwich Street

New
York, NY 10007

Telephone:
(212) 808-7540

Facsimile:
(212) 808-7897

Attention:
Michael A. Adelstein, Esq.

E-mail:
madelstein@kelleydrye.com

19

If
to a Buyer, to its mailing address and/or email address set forth on the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement
(as defined in the Exchange Agreement), with copies to such Buyers representatives as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or
to such other mailing address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified
by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change, provided that Kelley Drye &
Warren LLP shall only be provided notices sent to the lead investor. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such
notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders e-mail containing
the time, date and recipients e-mail or (C) provided by a courier or overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of
personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(c)
Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof. The Company and each Investor acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur
in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise
breached. It is accordingly agreed that each party hereto shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches
of the provisions of this Agreement by any other party hereto and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof (without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required), this being in addition to any other remedy
to which any party may be entitled by law or equity.

(d)
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal
laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Wilmington Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder
or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees
not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT
TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

20

(e)
If any provision of this Agreement is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest
extent that it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change,
the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the
provision(s) in question does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical
realization of the benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations
to replace the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible
to that of the prohibited, invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

(f)
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced
herein and therein constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto and thereto solely with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein.
This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto and thereto and the instruments referenced
herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto solely with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof; provided, however, nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (or shall be deemed
to) (i) have any effect on any agreements any Investor has entered into with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the date
hereof with respect to any prior investment made by such Investor in the Company, (ii) waive, alter, modify or amend in any respect any
obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any rights of or benefits to any Investor or any other Person in any agreement
entered into prior to the date hereof between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and any Investor and all such agreements
shall continue in full force and effect or (iii) limit any obligations of the Company under any of the other Transaction Documents.

(g)
Subject to compliance with Section 9 (if applicable), this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted
successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. This Agreement is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any Person, other than the parties hereto, their respective permitted successors and assigns and the Persons referred to in Sections
6 and 7 hereof.

(h)
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Unless
the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular and
plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include and words of like import shall
be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein, hereunder,
hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Agreement instead of just the provision in which they are found.

(i)
This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by an email which contains a portable document
format (.pdf) file of an executed signature page, such signature page shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

21

(j)
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k)
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Section 10, terms used
in this Agreement but defined in the other Transaction Documents shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on the Closing Date in
such other Transaction Documents unless otherwise consented to in writing by each Investor.

(l)
All consents and other determinations required to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise
specified in this Agreement, by the Required Holders, determined as if all of the outstanding New Warrant Preferred Shares then held
by the Investors have been converted for Registrable Securities without regard to any limitations on redemption, amortization and/or
conversion of the New Warrant Preferred Shares, and the New Preferred Warrants have been exercised in full.

(m)
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

(n)
The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken
by any Investor pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors
do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that
the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Investors are not acting in concert or as a group,
and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or any of the other the Transaction Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including,
without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect
to the obligations of the Company contained herein was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or decision of any Investor,
and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor. It is expressly
understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and
an Investor, solely, and not between the Company and the Investors collectively and not between and among Investors.

[signature
page follows]

22

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

TRUGOLF
HOLDINGS, INC. (F/K/A DEEP MEDICINE ACQUISITION CORP.)

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Buyer and the Company have caused their respective signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to
be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BUYERS:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A

FORM
OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF
REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______________________

______________________

______________________

Attention:
_____________

Re: TruGolf
Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.)

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

[We
are][I am] counsel to TruGolf Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Deep Medicine Acquisition Corp.), a Delaware corporation (the Company),
and have represented the Company in connection with that certain Amendment and Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement)
entered into by and among the Company and the buyers named therein (collectively, the Holders) pursuant to which the Company
issued to the Holders series A convertible preferred stock (the New Preferred Shares) convertible into the
Companys shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock) and warrants exercisable
for additional New Preferred Shares (the New Preferred Warrants, and the shares of New Preferred Shares underlying
such warrants, the New Warrant Preferred Shares). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company also has entered
into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Holders (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the
Company agreed, among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), including
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the New Warrant Preferred Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement, on ____________
___, 20__, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form [S-1][S-3] (File No. 333-_____________) (the Registration Statement)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the Registrable Securities which names each of
the Holders as a selling stockholder thereunder.

In
connection with the foregoing, [we][I] advise you that [a member of the SECs staff has advised [us][me] by telephone that [the
SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER
DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS]] [an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS]
on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS]] has been posted on the web site of the SEC at www.sec.gov] and [we][I] have no knowledge, after a review
of information posted on the website of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov/litigation/stoporders.shtml, that any stop order suspending its
effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Registrable
Securities are available for resale under the 1933 Act pursuant to the Registration Statement.

This
letter shall serve as our standing opinion to you that the shares of Common Stock underlying the New Warrant Preferred Shares are freely
transferable by the Holders pursuant to the Registration Statement. You need not require further letters from us to effect any future
legend-free issuance or reissuance of such shares of Common Stock to the Holders as contemplated by the Companys Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions dated _________ __, 20__.

Very
truly yours,

[ISSUERS
COUNSEL]

By: 

CC: 

EXHIBIT
B

SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS

The
shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those issuable to the selling stockholders upon conversion of the
new warrant preferred shares. For additional information regarding the issuance of the new preferred warrants and the new warrant preferred
shares underlying the new preferred warrants, see Exchange Agreement above. We are registering the shares of common stock
in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the new warrant
preferred shares issued pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within
the past three years.

The
table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership (as determined under Section 13(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder) of the shares of common stock held by each
of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by the selling stockholders,
based on their respective ownership of shares of common stock, preferred shares, as of ________, 20__, assuming conversion of the preferred
shares held by each such selling stockholder on that date but taking account of any limitations on conversion set forth therein.

The
third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders and does not take in account
any limitations on conversion of the preferred shares set forth therein set forth therein.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the holders of the preferred shares, this prospectus generally covers
the resale of 100% of the maximum number of shares of common stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the new warrant preferred shares
issued and issuable assuming that the new preferred warrants have been exercised into such aggregate number of new warrant preferred
shares equal to the sum of (a) the Maximum Foced Exercise Share Amount (as set forth in the new preferred warrants) plus (b) the number
of new warrant preferred shares as the stockholder shall have the right to exercise into without our consent (without regard to any limitations
on conversion contained in the certificate of designations solely for the purpose of such calculation) at the floor price of $[ 
] in effect as of [ ]. Because the conversion price and the floor price of the preferred shares may be adjusted, the number
of shares that will actually be issued may be more or less than the number of shares being offered by this prospectus. The fourth column
assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.

Under
the terms of the certificate of designations, a selling stockholder may not convert the preferred shares to the extent (but only to the
extent) such selling stockholder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock which would exceed
4.99% of the outstanding shares of the Company. The number of shares in the second column reflects these limitations. The selling stockholders
may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name of Selling Stockholder Number
of Shares of Common Stock Owned Prior to Offering Maximum
Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus Number
of Shares of Common Stock of Owned After Offering

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

We
are registering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the new warrant preferred shares to permit the resale of these
shares of common stock by the holders of the new warrant preferred shares from time to time after the date of this prospectus. We will
not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholders of the shares of common stock, although we will receive the
exercise price of any new preferred warrants exercised by the selling stockholders. We will bear all fees and expenses incident to our
obligation to register the shares of common stock.

The
selling stockholders may sell all or a portion of the shares of common stock held by them and offered hereby from time to time directly
or through one or more underwriters, broker-dealers or agents. If the shares of common stock are sold through underwriters or broker-dealers,
the selling stockholders will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agents commissions. The shares of common
stock may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, at varying prices
determined at the time of sale or at negotiated prices. These sales may be effected in transactions, which may involve crosses or block
transactions, pursuant to one or more of the following methods:

on
any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed
or quoted at the time of sale;

in
the over-the-counter market;

in
transactions otherwise than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter market;

through
the writing or settlement of options, whether such options are listed on an options exchange
or otherwise;

ordinary
brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block
trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position
and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases
by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an
exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately
negotiated transactions;

short
sales made after the date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC;

broker-dealers
may agree with a selling security holder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated
price per share;

a
combination of any such methods of sale; and

any
other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The
selling stockholders may also sell shares of common stock under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if
available, rather than under this prospectus. In addition, the selling stockholders may transfer the shares of common stock by other
means not described in this prospectus. If the selling stockholders effect such transactions by selling shares of common stock to or
through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, such underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions in the form of discounts,
concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders or commissions from purchasers of the shares of common stock for whom they may
act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal (which discounts, concessions or commissions as to particular underwriters, broker-dealers
or agents may be in excess of those customary in the types of transactions involved). In connection with sales of the shares of common
stock or otherwise, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short
sales of the shares of common stock in the course of hedging in positions they assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares
of common stock short and deliver shares of common stock covered by this prospectus to close out short positions and to return borrowed
shares in connection with such short sales. The selling stockholders may also loan or pledge shares of common stock to broker-dealers
that in turn may sell such shares.

The
selling stockholders may pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the new warrant preferred shares or shares of common stock
owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell
the shares of common stock from time to time pursuant to this prospectus or any amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or
other applicable provision of the Securities Act amending, if necessary, the list of selling stockholders to include the pledgee, transferee
or other successors in interest as selling stockholders under this prospectus. The selling stockholders also may transfer and donate
the shares of common stock in other circumstances in which case the transferees, donees, pledgees or other successors in interest will
be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

To
the extent required by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the selling stockholders and any broker-dealer participating
in the distribution of the shares of common stock may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities
Act, and any commission paid, or any discounts or concessions allowed to, any such broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting commissions
or discounts under the Securities Act. At the time a particular offering of the shares of common stock is made, a prospectus supplement,
if required, will be distributed, which will set forth the aggregate amount of shares of common stock being offered and the terms of
the offering, including the name or names of any broker-dealers or agents, any discounts, commissions and other terms constituting compensation
from the selling stockholders and any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to broker-dealers.

Under
the securities laws of some states, the shares of common stock may be sold in such states only through registered or licensed brokers
or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares of common stock may not be sold unless such shares have been registered or qualified
for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with.

There
can be no assurance that any selling stockholder will sell any or all of the shares of common stock registered pursuant to the registration
statement, of which this prospectus forms a part.

The
selling stockholders and any other person participating in such distribution will be subject to applicable provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, to the extent applicable,
Regulation M of the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of common stock by the selling
stockholders and any other participating person. To the extent applicable, Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged
in the distribution of the shares of common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of common stock. All
of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making
activities with respect to the shares of common stock.

We
will pay all expenses of the registration of the shares of common stock pursuant to the registration rights agreement, estimated to be
$[ ] in total, including, without limitation, Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees and expenses of compliance with
state securities or blue sky laws; provided, however, a selling stockholder will pay all underwriting discounts and selling
commissions, if any. We will indemnify the selling stockholders against liabilities, including some liabilities under the Securities
Act in accordance with the registration rights agreements or the selling stockholders will be entitled to contribution. We may be indemnified
by the selling stockholders against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act that may arise from any written
information furnished to us by the selling stockholder specifically for use in this prospectus, in accordance with the related registration
rights agreements or we may be entitled to contribution.

Once
sold under the registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part, the shares of common stock will be freely tradable in the
hands of persons other than our affiliates.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>trug-20250421.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>trug-20250421_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>trug-20250421_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40970

Entity Registrant Name TruGolf
Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001857086

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3269086

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 60 North 1400 West

Entity Address, City or Town Centerville

Entity Address, State or Province UT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 84014

City Area Code (801)

Local Phone Number 298-1997

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol TRUG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trugolf.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
trug-20250421.xsd 
trug-20250421_lab.xml 
trug-20250421_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-005787-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001857086 

2025-04-21 
2025-04-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001857086 
8-K 
2025-04-21 
TruGolf Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-40970 
85-3269086 
60 North 1400 West 
Centerville 
UT 
84014 
(801) 
298-1997 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
TRUG 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>