<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-032991.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-032991.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417163009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-032991
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Triller Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001769624
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38909
		FILM NUMBER:		25847700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-893-5090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7119 WEST SUNSET BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 782
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90046

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Group Holding Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20221115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AGBA Acquisition Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190304
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0238486-8ka1_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

true000176962400017696242025-04-112025-04-110001769624ILLR:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-04-112025-04-110001769624ILLR:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember2025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K/A

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

April 11, 2025

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported)

TRILLER GROUP INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 001-38909 33-1473901

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

7119 West Sunset Boulevard, Suite 782

Los Angeles, CA 90046

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (310) 893-5090

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value ILLR NASDAQ Capital Market

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share ILLRW NASDAQ Capital Market

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR
230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

This Amendment No. 1 on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment
No. 1) is being filed to amend the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Initial Form 8-K) filed by Triller
Group Inc. (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 29,
2025. As previously reported in the Initial Form 8-K, the Company disclosed that it had entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
PIPE Purchase Agreement) with KCP Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Purchaser),
for a private placement offering (the January Private Placement) of an aggregate of $14,000,000 in shares of common
stock and warrants of the Company. In connection with the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company issued a warrant and the parties entered
into a registration rights agreement with respect to the shares to be issued to the Purchaser and issuable upon exercise of such warrant.

The January Private Placement was not consummated. The parties have
executed a Note Purchase Agreement in the amount of $10,000,000, and upon funding of this transaction, the parties will terminate the
agreements that were described in the Initial Form 8-K.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Private Note Placement

On April 11, 2025, the Company
and the Purchaser entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the NPA), pursuant to which the Purchaser
will subscribe for a $10,000,000 convertible note to be issued by the Company (the Private Note Placement). Upon
and subject to the funding of the Private Note Placement, (i) the Company will issue and deliver to the Purchaser a convertible note
in the principal amount of $10,000,000 (the Note), (ii) the Company will issue and deliver to the Purchaser a warrant
to purchase 10,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock (Common Stock) at an exercise price of $1.00 per
share (the Warrant), (iii) the Company and the Purchaser will execute and deliver a registration rights agreement
(the Registration Rights Agreement) and (iv) the Company, the Purchaser and Mr. Roger C. Kennedy will execute and
deliver a termination agreement as to certain documents that were executed in connection with the January Private Placement (the Termination
Agreement). The Private Note Placement is expected to close on or about April 21, 2025.

The NPA contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of the parties, and the closing of the Private Note Placement is subject to customary closing
conditions.

The Note, when issued
and delivered to the Purchaser, will mature on the two year anniversary of its date of issuance. Interest on the Note will accrue at
an annual rate equal to the U.S. Prime Rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal) plus 2.0%, and will be payable at maturity.
The Note will be convertible into shares of Common Stock on the occurrence of certain events described therein, in each instance at
a 20% discount to the 5-day daily dollar volume weighted average price of the Common Stock.

The Warrant, when issued and
delivered to the Purchaser, will become exercisable on the one year anniversary of the Companys next Qualified Equity Financing
(as defined in the NPA) and will remain exercisable for five years from the date of issuance.

The Note, the Common Stock
into which the Note may be converted into in the future, and the Common Stock issuable under the Warrant are sometimes collectively referred
to herein as the Placement Securities.

The Registration Rights
Agreement, when executed and delivered, will require the Company to file, on or prior to the 60th calendar day following the date of
the Registration Rights Agreement (the Filing Deadline), a resale registration statement (the Resale
Registration Statement) with the SEC to register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable to the Purchaser upon
the conversion of the Note and the exercise of the Warrant. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause such Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as promptly as practicable
after the filing thereof, but in any event prior to the 120th day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. All
expenses incurred in connection with the registrations and offerings contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, and certain
attorneys fees incurred by the Purchaser or permitted transferees of Placement Securities, shall be borne by the Company, and all selling expenses incurred in connection
with any registration shall be borne by the Purchaser or permitted transferees of Placement Securities.

1

The Termination Agreement,
when executed, shall terminate the PIPE Purchase Agreement, as well as the warrant and registration rights agreement which were executed
simultaneously with the PIPE Purchase Agreement on January 24, 2025, and also will terminate the Director Indemnification Agreement (as
defined below).

The foregoing description
of the NPA is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document (or form thereof), which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1
and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

The information contained
above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Based in part upon the representations of the Purchaser in
the NPA, the offering and sale of the Placement Securities is exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, and corresponding
provisions of state securities or blue sky laws. The sale of the Placement Securities by the Company in the Private Note
Placement has not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and the Placement Securities may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. The sale
of such securities does not involve a public offering and was made without general solicitation or general advertising. In the NPA, the
Purchaser represented that it is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act,
and it is acquiring the Placement Securities for investment purposes only and not with a view to any resale, distribution or other disposition
of the Placement Securities in violation of the United States federal securities laws.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain
Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the PIPE
Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser had the right to designate an individual to the board of directors of the Company (the
Board). Upon the execution of the Termination Agreement, the Company and the Purchaser will acknowledge that it
has not and will not designate any such individual to the Board. The Termination Agreement also will terminate the director
indemnification agreement entered into by the Company and Mr. Roger C. Kennedy on January 24, 2025 (the Director
Indemnification Agreement).

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Exhibit

10.1 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: /s/ Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Name: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Title: Acting Chief Financial Officer

Dated: April 17, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023848601ex10-1_triller.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 11, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

SENIOR SUBORDINATED SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE
AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Senior Subordinated Secured
Convertible Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of April 11, 2025, is by and between Triller
Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and KCP Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempt company (the
Purchaser). Each of the Purchaser and the Company is sometimes referred to herein each as a Party,
and collectively as the Parties.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to issue to the Purchaser (a) a senior secured convertible note in the principal amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000), in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Note) and a warrant to purchase ten million (10,000,000) shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C
(the Warrant and together with the Note and the Shares (as defined below), the Securities),
and the Purchaser desires to subscribe for the Note and the Warrant, each in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note (the Conversion Shares) and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrant (the Warrant Shares) are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the Shares;

WHEREAS, in connection with
the consummation of the Transactions, the Parties also will execute and deliver, among other things, (a) a Registration Rights Agreement,
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the Registration Rights Agreement), (b) a Pledge
Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Pledge Agreement), (c) a Subordination
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G, also to be countersigned by Giant Wisdom Ventures Limited (Giant
Wisdom) and (d) an agreement terminating that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2024, substantially
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit H, also to be countersigned by Mr. Roger C. Kennedy (the Termination Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board) has deemed it advisable and has authorized the issuance of the Securities and the consummation
of the other Transactions contemplated under the Transaction Documents; and

WHEREAS, the Note and the
Warrant are not, and, subject to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Shares will not be, registered under the United States
Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), and the Note and the Warrant are being offered and sold pursuant to
an exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation
D thereunder.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Purchaser
agrees as follows:

ARTICLE I

PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 1.1 Issuance,
Sale and Purchase of Securities. Upon the terms and conditions in this Agreement, the Company is issuing to the Purchaser, and the
Purchaser has agreed to purchase and accept, the Note and the Warrant, free and clear of any Liens.

Section 1.2 Closing.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein at the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer,
immediately available funds equal to the purchasers Note subscription amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000) (the Purchasers
Subscription Amount), and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser the Note and the Warrant, and the Company and the Purchaser
shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 1.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions
set forth in Section 1.3 and Section 1.4, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing documentation.
Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Note and the Warrant pursuant to this Section 1.2.

Section 1.3 Deliveries.

(a) On
or prior to the trading date of Closing (the Closing Date), the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to
the Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Note, duly executed by the Company;

(iii) the
Warrant registered in the name of the Purchaser, duly executed by the Company;

(iv) counterpart
to the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(v) counterpart
to the Pledge Agreement, duly executed by the Pledgor (as defined in the Pledge Agreement);

(vi) counterpart
to the Subordination Agreement, duly executed by the Company and Giant Wisdom;

(vii) counterpart
to the Termination Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(viii) wire
instructions for payment of the Purchasers Subscription Amount; and

(ix) the
certificate contemplated by Section 1.4(b)(v).

2

(b) On
or prior to the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, as applicable, the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii) counterpart
to the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser;

(iii) counterpart
to the Pledge Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser;

(iv) counterpart
to the Subordination Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser

(v) a
counterpart to the Termination Agreement, duly executed by Purchaser and Mr. Roger C. Kennedy;

(vi) the
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account of the Company specified in the Companys wire instructions;
and

(vii) the
certificate contemplated by Section 1.4(a)(iv).

Section 1.4 Closing
Conditions.

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder as to the Purchaser in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being
met by the Purchaser (any of which may be waived in writing by the Company in its sole discretion):

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving
effect to any materiality qualifiers therein, including any Purchaser Material Adverse Effect) as of the Closing (unless made as of a
specific date therein, in which case as of such date), except where the failure of any such representations and warranties to be so true
and correct would not reasonably be expected to have a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect as to the Purchaser;

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 1.3(b)(i), Section 1.3(b)(ii), Section 1.3(b)(iii), Section
1.3(b)(iv), Section 1.3(b)(v), Section 1.3(b)(vi) and Section 1.3(b)(vii) of this Agreement;

(iv) the
delivery by the Purchaser of a certificate, duly executed by the Purchaser, certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 1.4(a)(i)
and Section 1.4(a)(ii) have been satisfied.

3

(b) The
obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met by the Company
(any of which may be waived as to the Purchaser solely in writing by the Purchaser in its sole discretion):

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Company (A) set forth in Section 2.1(a), Section 2.1(b), Section 2.1(c),
Section 2.1(d), Section 2.1(e), Section 2.1(k), Section 2.1(l), and Section 2.1(o) (collectively, the
Company Fundamental Representations) shall be true and correct in all respects (without giving effect to any materiality
qualifiers therein, including any Company Material Adverse Effect) as of the Closing (unless made as of a specific date therein, in which
case as of such date), and (B) set forth in this Agreement, other than the representations and warranties specified in clause (A),
shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Company
Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of the Closing (unless made as of a specific date therein, in which case as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 1.3(a) of this Agreement;

(iv) there
shall have been no Company Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof;

(v) the
delivery by the Company to the Purchaser of a certificate, duly executed by the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Section
1.4(b)(i), Section 1.4(b)(ii) and Section 1.4(b)(iv) have been satisfied;

(vi) the
Company shall have obtained all governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any, necessary for the sale of the
Securities; and

(vii) the
Shares (A) shall be approved and designated for quotation or listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to official notice of issuance,
and (B) the Common Stock shall not be suspended, in each case, as of the Closing, by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market from trading
on the Nasdaq Capital Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market have been threatened, as of the Closing, either
(1) in writing by the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market or (2) by falling below the minimum listing maintenance requirements of the Nasdaq
Capital Market.

4

ARTICLE II

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 2.1 Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser, except as otherwise set forth in the correspondingly
numbered section of the confidential disclosure letter delivered by the Company to the Purchaser prior to the execution of this Agreement
(the Company Disclosure Letter), as follows:

(a) Organization
and Power. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties
and assets and to carry on its business as is currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation or
default of any provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 15, 2024 (the Certificate of Incorporation),
the Companys current Bylaws or any other organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the
Company Organizational Documents). Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business
and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
property owned by it makes such qualification necessary and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification, except to the extent that the failure
to be so qualified and in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Due
Issuance of the Note and Warrant. The Note and the Warrant have been duly and validly authorized and, when issued and paid for pursuant
to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable and free and clear of all Liens and issued in compliance with all
applicable securities Laws. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section 2.2(f) hereof, the offer and
sale by the Company of the Note and the Warrant is exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(c) Authority
and Validity. The Company has full power and authority to and has taken all necessary corporate action required to enter into, execute
and deliver this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and each agreement, certificate, document and instrument to be executed and
delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the performance by it of its obligations hereunder
and thereunder have been duly authorized by all requisite actions on its part, including by the Board.

(d) Enforcement;
Noncontravention. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights
generally, and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.
Neither the execution, the delivery of or the performance of any obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents,
nor the consummation of the Transactions, will violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, Order, decree,
ruling, charge, or other restriction of any Governmental Authority or Law to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject.
Neither the execution, delivery by or performance of any obligations under the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents,
nor the consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor compliance by the Company with any of the terms and conditions hereof or
of any other Transaction Document, will (A) contravene, conflict with or violate any existing federal, state, county or local Law, rule
or regulation or any Order applicable to, or binding upon, it, (B) contravene, conflict with, violate or constitute a default under, any
agreement, indenture, instrument or other Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party or result in the creation
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (C) result in a violation or breach of
the Company Organizational Documents.

5

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser in Section 2.2(e) and
Section 2.2(f), neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the
consummation by the Company of the Transactions, nor the performance by the Company of this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents
in accordance with its terms requires the filing, consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration with, or the giving notice
to, any Governmental Authority or other public body or authority, except the filing of a Form D and current report on Form 8-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) or the listing of the Shares with the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(f) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements.

(i) The
Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements (including registration statements, proxy statements or otherwise) and other
documents (including all amendments, exhibits and schedules thereto) required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and
the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period
as the Company was required by Law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and any other applicable
Law, and none of the SEC Reports (including, when filed), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports (A) were prepared in all material
respects in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and fairly present in all
material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods shown (subject, in the case of unaudited quarterly financial
statements, to normal year-end adjustments) and (B) comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.

(ii) The
Company has established and maintains, and at all times since January 1, 2022 has maintained, (A) systems of internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act in
all material respects and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, its principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (3) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements
general or specific authorization; and (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (B) a system of disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company
in reports that it files with the SEC pursuant to the SECs rules and forms is recorded and reported on a timely basis in all material
respects, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys
management as reasonably appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Companys disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the times indicated in the SEC Reports, and the Companys internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of the times indicated in the SEC Reports and, at such times, the Company was not aware of any material weaknesses in
its internal control over financial reporting. Since January 1, 2022, to the knowledge of the Company, there has not been any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who have a significant role in
the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

6

(g) No
General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any person or entity acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

(h) No
Integrated Offering. None of the Company nor its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any Person acting on its or their
behalf, has made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause
the offering or issuance of the Securities under this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the
Securities Act that would result in none of Regulation D or any other applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act
to be available, nor will the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance of the Securities under this
Agreement to be integrated with other offerings by the Company.

(i) No
Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise), except liabilities expressly reserved against in the consolidated balance sheet (or the notes
thereto) of the Company and its Subsidiaries included in the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024 (the Balance Sheet Date).

(j) Absence
of Certain Changes. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been any Company Material Adverse Effect.

7

(k) Equity
Capitalization.

(i) As
of the execution of this Agreement, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (A) 1,400,000,000 shares of Common Stock
and (B) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (Preferred Stock), including 11,803,398
shares of preferred class A stock (the Series A-1 Preferred Stock) and 35,000 shares of super voting preferred class
B stock having a par value of $0.001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock). As of the execution of this Agreement,
(1) 175,346,582 shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding, (2) an additional 23,730,637 shares of Common Stock were issued to
the Company as escrow agent and held as treasury shares for purposes of potential liabilities, (3) 16,908,828 restricted stock units
of the Company were outstanding pursuant to which a maximum of 16,908,828 shares of Common Stock could be issued and (4) 11,832,655 shares
of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, including 11,801,804 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and 30,851 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock. As of the Closing, [10,000,000] shares of Common Stock will be reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Warrant.

(ii) All
of such issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
The Note and the Warrant are not and will not be subject to preemptive rights or any restrictions on transfer under applicable Law or
any contract to which the Company is a party, other than those under applicable securities Laws and this Agreement, and will be free and
clear of all stock transfer, documentary, sales and use, registration, recording, stamp and similar Tax (Transfer Taxes)
under applicable Law of the United States (or any political subdivision thereof) and Liens. The Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares
will be, as of the Closing, duly reserved for issuance and, when issued upon conversion or exercise in accordance with the terms of the
Note and the Warrant, respectively, will be duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, validly issued,
fully paid, nonassessable and free and clear of all Liens and, assuming the accuracy of each of the representations and warranties of
the Purchaser set forth in Section 2.2, issued in compliance with all applicable securities Laws in all material respects and will
not be subject to preemptive rights or any restrictions on transfer under applicable Law or any contract to which the Company is a party,
other than those under applicable securities Laws, and will be free and clear of all Transfer Taxes under applicable Law of the United
States (or any political subdivision thereof) and Liens.

(iii) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities or other contracts
(or any rights, preemptive rights or rights of first offer) relating to the issuance or repurchase of capital stock, or other equity interests
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which it is bound, obligating
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to (A) issue, transfer or sell, or cause to be issued, transferred or sold, any shares of capital
stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or securities, bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations
convertible into or exchangeable for such shares of capital stock or other equity interests, (B) grant, extend or enter into any such
subscription, option, warrant, call, convertible securities or other contract (or any such right, preemptive right or right of first offer)
or (C) redeem or otherwise acquire any number of such shares of capital stock or other equity interests. Except as disclosed in the SEC
Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations, the holders
of which have the right to vote (or convert into or exercise for securities having the right to vote) with the stockholders of the Company
on any matter.

8

(iv) Section
2.1(k)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the execution of this Agreement, the name and jurisdiction of organization
of each Subsidiary of the Company or joint venture to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party, the holders of each equity
interest therein, the number and percentage (on a voting and economic basis) of equity interests owned by such holders. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.1(k)(iv) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or
voting interests in, each such Subsidiary and joint venture that are owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries are owned free and clear
of all Liens. Each outstanding share of capital stock of each Subsidiary or joint venture of the Company or its Subsidiaries, which is
held, directly or indirectly, by the Company, is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights,
and there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible securities or other contracts (or any rights, preemptive
rights or rights of first offer) relating to the issuance, acquisition, redemption, repurchase or sale of any shares of capital stock
or other equity or voting interests of any Subsidiary of the Company.

(v) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 2.1(k)(v) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is
a party to any voting trust or other agreement with respect to voting or registration of capital stock or other equity interests of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l) Direct
Contact; No Broker. The contact between the Company and the Purchaser was made directly through an existing relationship. No broker,
investment banker or other person is entitled to any brokers, finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(m) Litigation.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or in Section 2.1(m) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and except as otherwise would not
reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (i) there is no Action pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened (A) against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their
capacities as such, (B) to which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their capacities as
such is a party or (C) to which any of the assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and (ii) there is
no order, writ, injunction, decree, ruling or decision of any court, commission, board or other government agency (Orders)
imposed upon the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives in their capacities as such, in each case
by or before a Governmental Authority. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or in Section 2.1(m) of the Company Disclosure Letter,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of, or default under any settlement agreement except as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(n) Employee
Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the Company
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Laws in all material respects relating to labor, employment, fair employment
practices, terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours, and with the terms of all employee benefit plans (as defined in Section
3(3) of Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA)) that are maintained or sponsored by the Company
or its Subsidiaries for the benefit of their respective current or former employees and with respect to which the Company or its Subsidiaries
have any liability (ERISA Documents), and each such ERISA Document is in compliance with all applicable requirements
of ERISA.

9

(o) Investment
Company Status. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as such term is defined in
the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(p) Tax
Matters.

(i) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary of the Company: (A) has
timely and properly made or filed all U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. Tax returns, reports, statements, declarations or similar filings
(including any election, information returns, schedules or attachments thereto and any amendments thereof) (Tax Returns)
required to be filed by any jurisdiction to which it is subject and all such Tax Returns filed or required to be filed were true, correct
and complete in all respects, (B) has timely paid all Taxes and other governmental assessments and charges, except those being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (C) has set aside
on its financial statements adequate accruals in accordance with GAAP for the payment of all Taxes for periods subsequent to the periods
to which such Tax Returns, respectively, apply, (D) has not received any written notice of any deficiencies for any Tax from any taxing
authority except for those which have been resolved, which have been paid in full, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP on the Companys financial statements,
(E) is not the subject of any currently ongoing audit or other proceeding with respect to Taxes nor has any audit or other proceeding
with respect to Taxes been proposed in writing against any of them, (F) has not participated in any listed transaction within the meaning
of Treasury regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(2), (G) has complied in all respects with all applicable Laws relating to the payment and
withholding of Taxes and has duly and timely withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority all amounts required to be so
withheld and paid under all applicable Laws and (H) has no liens for Taxes upon any of their assets or properties.

(ii) The
Company is not, has not been within the past five years and does not anticipate becoming, a United States real property holding
corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code).

(iii) The
consummation of the Transactions, including the issuance of the Securities, will not cause the net operating losses or other tax attributes
of the Company to be subject to any limitations under Sections 382 or 383 of the Code.

(q) Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the knowledge of the Company is reasonably likely to have
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital
Market, nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC or the Nasdaq Capital Market is contemplating terminating such registration
or listing. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the listing and listing maintenance requirements of Nasdaq applicable
to it for the continued trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.

10

(r) Intellectual
Property Rights; Privacy.

(i) The
Company and its Subsidiaries own or have sufficient rights to use all Intellectual Property Rights material to, and used in or necessary
for, the conduct of their respective businesses as currently conducted and as currently planned to be conducted, all of which rights shall
survive the consummation of the Transactions unchanged.

(ii) The
conduct of the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, and,
since January 1, 2022, has not infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated in any material respects any Intellectual Property Rights
of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, and except as otherwise is disclosed in the SEC Reports, since January 1, 2022, no Person
has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii) The
IT Assets owned, used or held for use (including through cloud-based or other third party service providers) by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries are sufficient for the current and currently anticipated needs of the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance, and since January 1, 2022, have been in material compliance, with all applicable
Laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity or the protection of Personal Information and any privacy policies of the Company that have been
publicly adopted. Except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, since January 1, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not experienced
any actual or alleged data breach, security incident or incident of loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized processing of Personal Information
in their possession or control or processed by any third party on their behalf.

(s) Compliance
with Laws.

(i) The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1, 2022 have been, in compliance with and not in default under or in violation
of any Law or Order, in each case that are applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except where such non-compliance, default
or violation would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and, since January
1, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice or, to the knowledge of the Company, other communication
from any Governmental Authority regarding any actual or possible violation of, or failure to comply with, any Law or Order, except as
would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
hold all licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, approvals and authorizations from Governmental Authorities necessary for the lawful
conduct of their respective businesses, except where the failure to hold the same would not reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

11

(ii) The
Company, each of its Subsidiaries and each of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is, and since January 1, 2022 has
been, in compliance in with (A) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and (B)
any other Laws applicable to the Company and its Subsidiaries that address the prevention of corruption, bribery, terrorism or money laundering
(the Anti-Corruption Laws), in each case, except where such non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(iii) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, since January 1, 2022, none of the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf has: (A) unlawfully offered, paid, promised
to pay, or authorized the payment of anything of value, including money, loans, gifts, travel, or entertainment, to any government official
with the purpose of (1) influencing any act or decision of such government official in his or her official capacity or (2) inducing such
government official to perform or omit to perform any activity in violation of his or her legal duties; except, with respect to the foregoing
clauses (1) and (2), as permitted under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other applicable Law; or (B) made any illegal
contribution to any political party or candidate.

(iv) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company, each of its Subsidiaries, and
each of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is, and, since January 1, 2022 has been, in compliance with all Laws or
other financial restrictions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department (OFAC),
including OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, the U.S. Department of State, and sanctions administered
by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively,
Sanctions). Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives acting on their behalf is currently the subject
or the target of any Sanctions, nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory
that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea.

(v) The
Company will not use the proceeds from the Transactions (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the
payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or (B) to fund or facilitate
any activities of or business with any person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or the
target of Sanctions. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company
and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue
to ensure, compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.

(t) Yorkville
Note. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates
are party to any agreement with YA II PN, LTD (Yorkville) or any of its Affiliates other than that certain Amended
and Restated Secured Convertible Promissory Note, issued by the Company to Yorkville on June 28, 2024 (the Yorkville Note)
and the other Yorkville Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owes any costs, expenses or other liabilities to Yorkville
or any of its Affiliates, other than the amounts set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter. Other than with
respect to any Liens under the Yorkville Note or as otherwise set forth in Section 2.1(t) of the Company Disclosure Letter, the
Company owns such shares of capital stock of Bare Knuckle Fighting Championships, Inc. (BKFC, and such shares, BKFC
Shares) that constitute Collateral (as defined in the Yorkville Note) free and clear of any Liens.

12

(u) Related
Party Transactions. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, no stockholder, officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or immediate family member thereof (a) is presently a party or has a direct or indirect interest in any Person (other than publicly traded
securities) party to any agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) owns any direct or indirect (other than through ownership
of Common Stock) interest in any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (c) has any cause of action or other claim against,
or owes any amounts to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for claims of employees in the ordinary course of business.

(v) Material
Contracts.

(i) Except
as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of, or default under,
respect any material Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, including any such Contract with any customer,
supplier, licensor, vendor or other counterparty, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of
time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute a default under any such Contract by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
would permit or cause the termination, non-renewal or modification thereof or acceleration or creation of any right or obligation thereunder,
in each case except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(ii) Except
with respect to the Yorkville Agreements, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in breach or violation of or default under
any agreements or documents in respect of the indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including pursuant to any credit
agreement, loan agreement, note, bond, indenture, mortgage or otherwise, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(iii) Except
as provided in this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, and except as otherwise disclosed in Section 2.1(v)(iii) of
the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company has not granted any rights to register under the Securities Act any of its presently outstanding
securities or any of its securities that may be issued subsequently.

(w) Board
Approval for Section 16(b). On or prior to the Closing Date, the acquisition of the Securities (and the issuance of the Shares upon
the conversion or exercise of the Note or the Warrant, as applicable) has been approved by the Board or a committee thereof composed solely
of two or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act for the express purpose of exempting
the Purchasers and its Affiliates interests in such transactions from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act pursuant
to Rule 16b-3 thereunder.

13

(x) Survival.
The Company Fundamental Representations shall survive for five (5) years following the Closing, and all other representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in this Section 2.1 shall survive for one (1) year following the Closing.

Section 2.2 Representations
and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Company:

(a) Authority.
The Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and each agreement, certificate, document
and instrument to be executed and delivered by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and to perform his obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder have been
duly authorized by all requisite actions on his part.

(b) Valid
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and constitutes the Purchasers legal, valid
and binding obligation, enforceable against him in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, and (ii)
as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c) Consents.
Neither the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement nor the consummation by the Purchaser of any of the Transactions
nor the performance by him of this Agreement in accordance with its terms requires the consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration with, or the giving of notice to, any governmental or public body or authority or any third party, except as have been obtained,
made or given and except as to any Section 16 or any Schedule 13D filings pursuant to the Exchange Act.

(d) No
Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, nor the consummation
by the Purchaser of the Transactions, nor compliance by the Purchaser with any of the terms and conditions hereof or of any other Transaction
Document, will (A) contravene, conflict with or violate any existing federal, state, county or local Law, rule or regulation or any Order
applicable to, or binding upon, the Purchaser, (B) contravene, conflict with, violate or constitute a default under, any agreement, indenture
or instrument to which the Purchaser is party or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser,
or (C) result in a violation of the Purchasers organizational documents.

(e) No
General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing
the Securities because of any general solicitation or general advertisement, including, without
limitation, (i) any advertisement, articles, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast
over television or radio, and (ii) any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general advertising.

14

(f) Status
and Investment Intent.

(i) Experience.
The Purchaser has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and
risks of its investment in the Securities. The Purchaser is capable of bearing the economic risks of such investment, including a complete
loss of its investment.

(ii) Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for his own account for investment purposes only and not with
the view to, or with any intention of, resale, distribution or other disposition thereof. The Purchaser does not have any direct or indirect
arrangement, or understanding with any other persons to distribute, or regarding the distribution of the Securities in violation of the
Securities Act or other applicable laws.

(iii) Investor
Accredited Status. The Purchaser is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of
the Securities Act. The Purchaser has, prior to the date hereof, provided the Company with an executed purchaser questionnaire that confirms
the Purchasers status as an accredited investor.

(iv) Distribution
Compliance Period. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering
within the meaning of the Securities Act and that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any other securities
laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction. The Purchaser understands that his investment in the Securities involves a high degree
of risk and that he may lose its entire investment. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities may not be sold, hypothecated or otherwise
disposed of unless registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from registration is available.
Any resale of any of the Securities may be made only pursuant to (A) a registration statement under the Securities Act which has been
declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and is effective at the time of such sale, or (B) a specific exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

(v) Restrictive
Legend. The Purchaser understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will bear a legend or other restriction substantially
to the following effect:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT). NO SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION, TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF THESE SECURITIES MAY BE MADE UNLESS EITHER (A) PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EITHER CASE UPON THE RECEIPT OF AN OPINION OF U.S. COUNSEL.

(vi) Direct
Contact; No Broker. The contact between the Company and the Purchaser was made directly through an existing relationship. No broker,
investment banker or other person is entitled to any brokers, finders or other similar fee or commission in connection with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the
Purchaser.

15

(g) Not
an Affiliate. As of immediately prior to the Closing, the Purchaser is not an officer, director or affiliate (as that
term is defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

(h) No
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in this Section 2.2 shall survive for one (1) year
following the Closing.

ARTICLE III

COVENANTS; MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.1 No Shorting
or Lending of Securities. The Purchaser shall not (i) engage in any short-selling activities involving the Securities, or (ii) lend
any Securities to any third party.

Section 3.2 Holding
Period. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that during the six (6) month period immediately following the Closing Date, the Securities
may not be transferred or sold for such six (6) month period without the prior written consent of the Company and subject to applicable
U.S. federal securities laws, including without limitation Rule 144 of the Securities Act; provided, that the Purchaser shall be
permitted to transfer or sell any or all of the Securities at any time (a) to the Purchasers Affiliates, but only if the transferee
agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, (b) pursuant to the terms of any merger, tender offer, exchange offer or
other business combination involving the exchange of Common Stock or other equity or equity-like securities of the Company or (c) following
the date the Company commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other similar insolvency laws.
In the case that the Purchaser is permitted to transfer or sell the Securities to a third party transferee, the Company shall, at the
request of the holder of such Securities, issue such book-entry Securities to the holder or the applicable transferee of such Securities
by electronic delivery (i) if eligible and requested by the holder or applicable transferee, on the applicable balance account at The
Depository Trust Company and (ii) on the books of the Company or its transfer agent.

Section 3.3 Nasdaq Listing.
Prior to the Closing, the Company shall cause the Shares to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Following the Closing,
the Company shall apply to cause the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the outstanding Warrant and the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion of the Note to be promptly approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the Company shall use best efforts to
remain commercially viable and as a going-concern, so as to support the continued listing of the Common Stock (including the Shares) on
the Nasdaq Capital Market or on an OTC Market. Following the Closing, the Company shall timely file all reports required to be filed with
the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), and the Company shall use reasonable
best efforts to maintain its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act.

16

Section 3.4 Use of Proceeds.
The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for business building and working capital purposes and not to satisfy
any Losses related to or arising out of any claim, dispute, settlement or any other Action, whether or not in connection with a proceeding.

Section 3.5 Corporate
Actions. At any time that any Securities are outstanding, the Company shall (a) without limitation to the terms of the Note or the
Warrant, from time to time take all lawful action within its control to cause the authorized capital stock of the Company to include a
sufficient number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to satisfy (i) the exercise obligations then outstanding under the
Warrant and (ii) the conversion obligations under the Notes then outstanding, and (b) not effect any voluntary deregistration under the
Exchange Act or any voluntary delisting of the Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. So long as the Purchaser holds any Securities,
the Company will not take any actions that would be reasonably likely to cause it to be an investment company, or a company
controlled by an investment company, as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Section 3.6 Legends.
Upon request of the Purchaser or any transferee of part or all of the Purchasers Securities, the legends set forth in Section
2.2(f)(v) of this Agreement or any other legends shall be removed from the applicable Securities, whether notated upon the certificates
representing such Securities or on the book-entry accounts maintained by the Companys transfer agent representing the Securities
if such legend is not required in order to establish compliance with any provisions of the Securities Act.

Section 3.7 [Reserved].

Section 3.8 [Reserved].

Section 3.9 Securities
Filings. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and shall provide a copy
thereof to the Purchaser no later than 5 business days prior to the filing thereof. Following the Closing Date, the Company shall make
all filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required under applicable securities or Blue Sky
laws of the states of the United States. In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall provide the Purchaser
with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon drafts of all documents to be submitted to or filed with the SEC, whether publicly
or not, in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents and give reasonable consideration to all such comments.

Section 3.10 Information
Rights.

(a) Following
the Closing, the Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to deliver to the Purchaser promptly upon reasonable advance notice, all
books, records and information, including financial information, and documents concerning or regarding their respective businesses, properties
and assets and personnel, as may be reasonably requested by or on behalf of the Purchaser.

(b) Following
the Closing, the Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries to provide the Purchaser with reasonable access to the Representatives,
offices and other facilities, contracts, books and records of the Company and its Subsidiaries, at such times and as the Purchaser may
reasonably request. The Company shall and shall cause its Subsidiaries and Representatives to reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser
and its Representatives in connection with such investigation and examination.

17

(c) The
Company shall not be required to provide such information and materials described under Section 3.10(a) or Section 3.10(b)
if the Company determines, in its reasonable judgment, that doing so would jeopardize the protection of attorney-client privilege; provided,
however, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to provide alternative, redacted or substitute documents or information
in a manner that would not result in the loss of the ability to assert attorney-client privilege.

Section 3.11 Confidentiality.

(a) Following
the Closing, the Purchaser shall not, and shall direct its Representatives not to, disclose any Confidential Information to any person
other than the Purchaser and its Representatives and to use the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of monitoring, administering
or managing the Purchasers investment in the Company made pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser
and its Representatives may disclose Confidential Information in order to comply with applicable law. To the extent practical and legally
permissible, the Purchaser shall, and shall direct its Representatives to, notify the Company of its intention to make such disclosure.
The Purchaser agrees to reasonably cooperate, and to direct its Representatives to reasonably cooperate, with the Company so that the
Company may seek, at its sole cost and expense, an appropriate protective order or other remedy. In the event that such a protective order
or other remedy is not obtained, the Purchaser or its Representatives (as applicable) will furnish only that portion of the Confidential
Information that is required by applicable law to be disclosed. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.11 shall not apply to disclosures made (A) in response to a formal request by a regulatory
or self-regulatory authority or (B) in connection with a routine audit or examination by an auditor or examiner.

(b) The
Company acknowledges that the Purchaser, as a financial investor, may consider, make and may have made investments in a variety of markets
and the participation in a potential transaction relating to the Company may enhance the Purchasers understanding of the markets
in which the Purchaser or its Affiliates may now, or in the future, invest and that such further understanding will not in and of itself,
be considered a violation of this Agreement. Further, nothing in this Agreement (nor the disclosure of the Confidential Information to
the Purchaser) shall prevent the Purchaser or its Affiliates from evaluating or consummating possible investments in companies or undertakings
whose businesses may be similar to or competitive with the business of the Company (and the Company shall not seek to restrict or prevent
the Purchaser or its Affiliates from undertaking any such evaluation or consummation other than as set forth in this Agreement) to the
extent the Purchaser does not use the Confidential Information in violation of this Agreement in such evaluation or consummation.

(c) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 3.11 or Section 3.24, to the extent the Purchaser is or is owned or managed by
one or more private equity or other investment vehicles, the Purchaser shall be permitted to provide customary disclosure (in the context
of the private equity industry) of any information relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries or the transactions contemplated hereby to
the vehicle or its or its Affiliates co-investors, investors or potential investors who are subject to customary confidentiality
and non-use restrictions in connection with ordinary course fund-raising, marketing, information or investor reporting activities carried
out consistent with customary private equity industry practices.

18

Section 3.12 Yorkville
Matters. The Company shall use its best efforts (i) to satisfy, terminate, discharge and fully release the Yorkville Note and the
other Yorkville Agreements (including, for clarity, to cause the release by Yorkville of any Liens under the Yorkville Agreements with
respect to the BKFC Shares or any other Collateral (as defined in the Yorkville Note)), (ii) to unconditionally and forever settle any
Actions related to the Yorkville Agreements and with Yorkville and its Affiliates (the Yorkville Litigation) and
(iii) to terminate any Contracts between or among the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Yorkville and any of its
Affiliates on the other hand, without any remaining or ongoing obligations or liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
to the Yorkville Agreements or otherwise, in each case of clauses (i) to (iii), within forty-five (45) days of the Closing Date. The Company
shall keep the Purchaser reasonably informed in respect of the foregoing.

Section 3.13 Termination.
This Agreement may not be terminated except by mutual written agreement of the Parties. Nothing in this Section 3.13 shall be deemed
to release any Party from any liability for any breach of this Agreement prior to the effective date of such termination.

Section 3.14 Further
Assurances. Each Party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other Party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of Transactions.

Section 3.15 Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either Party against the other concerning the Transactions shall be brought only in the state
courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state and county of New York. The Parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens.

Section 3.16 Consent
to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Purchaser hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action
or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction in New York of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing in this Section 3.15
shall affect or limit any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

19

Section 3.17 Amendment.
This Agreement shall not be amended, changed or modified, except by another agreement in writing executed by the Parties hereto.

Section 3.18 Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, each of the Parties and their respective heirs, successors
and permitted assigns.

Section 3.19 Assignment.
Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder may be assigned by the Company or the Purchaser without
the prior express written consent of, in the case of any assignment by the Company, the Purchaser, and in the case of any assignment by
the Purchaser, the Company; provided, that (a) the Purchaser may assign this Agreement to a third party transferee that purchases
any Securities owned by the Purchaser so long as such third party transferee executes and delivers to the Company a written instrument
accepting, adopting and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document (as applicable) and (b)
the Purchaser may assign this Agreement or any of its rights, duties or obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates, subject to the
same proviso in clause (a) of this section. Any purported assignment in violation of the foregoing sentence shall be null and void.

Section 3.20 Notices.
All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given on the date of actual delivery if delivered personally to the Parties to whom notice is to be given, on the date sent if sent by
e-mail or facsimile, on the next business day following delivery if sent by courier or on the day of attempted delivery by postal service
if mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage paid, and properly addressed. The address of the Purchaser
for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. If to the Company, at:

TRILLER GROUP INC.

7119 West Sunset Boulevard

Suite 782

Los Angeles, CA 90046

Attn: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Email: dshu@triller.co

Any Party may change its address
for purposes of this Section 3.20 by giving the other Party a written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above.

Section 3.21 Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties hereto with respect to the matters
covered hereby, and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or in writing, if any, between the Parties with respect to the matters
covered hereby are merged and superseded by this Agreement.

Section 3.22 Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

20

Section 3.23 Fees and
Expenses. Each Party will be responsible for all of its own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation and
execution of this Agreement; provided, that the Company shall reimburse the Purchaser at the Closing for all costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees) which are:(i) incurred solely in connection with the negotiation, preparation and execution of the Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the Transactions up to a maximum amount of $500,000and (ii) submitted in writing to Company in reasonable
detail as required by Company for Company approval.

Section 3.24 Public
Announcements. The Purchaser and the Company shall consult with each other before issuing, and shall give each other the opportunity
to review and comment upon, any press release or public announcement in respect of the Transaction Documents or the Transactions and shall
not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by applicable
Law or Order. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3.24 shall not apply to any press release or other public statement made
by the Company or the Purchaser which does not contain any information relating to the Transactions that has not been previously announced
or made public in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section 3.25 Specific
Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement is not performed in
accordance with the terms hereof. Accordingly, each Party shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to
any other remedy at law or equity.

Section 3.26 Headings.
The headings of the various articles and sections of this Agreement are inserted merely for the purpose of convenience and do not expressly
or by implication limit, define or extend the specific terms of the section so designated.

Section 3.27 Execution
in Counterparts. For the convenience of the Parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 3.28 Interpretation.

(a) When
a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Schedule or Exhibit, the reference shall be to an Article, Section, Schedule
or Exhibit of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

(b) Whenever
the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to
be followed by the words without limitation.

21

(c) The
words hereof, herein, and herewith and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated,
be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of the Schedules and Exhibits) and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement.

(d) Unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement, the term dollars and the symbol $ mean U.S. dollars for purposes of
this Agreement and all amounts in this Agreement shall be paid in U.S. dollars.

(e) The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term.

(f) Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to in this Agreement means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to
time amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in this Agreement
to any Law shall include such Law and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and shall also include, unless the context otherwise
requires, all applicable guidelines, bulletins or policies made in connection therewith.

(g) Each
of the Parties has participated in the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation
arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if it is drafted by each of the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

(h) The
term Company means the Company and its predecessors and successors.

(i) Whenever
the words SEC Report or SEC Reports qualifies any representation or warranty herein, any disclosures set forth
or referenced in any risk factor, forward-looking statement, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk section therein
or in any other section therein to the extent they are forward-looking statements or cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature
shall be deemed excluded from the words SEC Report or SEC Reports.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

TRILLER GROUP INC.

By: 

Name: Shu Pei Huang, Desmond

Title: Acting Chief Financial Officer

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SENIOR SECURED
CONVERTIBLE NOTE AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
have caused this Senior Secured Convertible Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: KCP Holdings Limited.

Signature of Authorized Signatory of
Purchaser: ________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: Roger C. Kennedy

Title of Authorized Signatory: Director

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: roger.kennedy@kcplim.com

Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:

KCP Holdings Limited

71 Fort St., 3rd Floor

George Town, Cayman Islands KY1-1111

Attention: Roger C. Kennedy

Email: roger.kennedy@kcplim.com

Investment Amount: $10,000,000

Convertible Note in the Principal Amount of $10,000,000

Number of Warrant Shares: 10,000,000 warrants

ANNEX A

PURCHASER INFORMATION

Purchaser Convertible Note Warrants 

KCP Holdings Limited $ 10,000,000 10,000,000 

EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the meanings specified in this Exhibit A.

Action
means any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit, demand, claim, complaint, litigation, investigation, review, audit, formal proceeding,
arbitration, hearing or other similar dispute.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. As used in this definition, the term controls (including the terms controlled by and under
common control with) means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Affiliates
shall not include, and no provision of this Agreement shall be applicable to, the direct or indirect portfolio companies of investment
funds advised or managed by the Purchaser or its Affiliates (Portfolio Companies). The Company acknowledges that
the Purchasers employees, directors or partners of its Affiliates may also serve as directors of its Portfolio Companies and that
such Portfolio Companies will not be deemed to be Affiliates solely due to the dual role of any such employee, director or partner.

Company Material
Adverse Effect means any change, development, circumstance, fact or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has or would
reasonably be expected to (a) have, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, assets or financial condition of
the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), or (b) prevent, materially delay or materially impair the consummation by the Company
of the Transactions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Confidential Information
means all confidential and proprietary information relating to the Company that the Company or its Representatives make available to the
Purchaser or its Representatives pursuant to Section 3.11. Confidential Information does not include information
that: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public; (b) is or has previously been disclosed to the Purchaser or its Representatives
on a non-confidential basis by a third party; or (c) was independently developed by the Purchaser or its Representatives without the use
of any other Confidential Information.

Contract
means any agreement, undertaking, lease, license, contract, note, mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation.

Governmental Authority
means any government, court, regulatory or administrative agency, commission, arbitrator or authority or other legislative, executive
or judicial governmental official or entity (in each case including any self-regulatory organization), whether federal, state or local,
domestic, foreign or multinational.

A-1

Intellectual Property
Rights means all rights anywhere in the world in or to: (a) trademarks, service marks, brand names, d/b/as, logos,
symbols, trade dress, trade names, domain names and other indicia of origin, all applications and registrations for the foregoing, and
all goodwill associated therewith and symbolized thereby, including all renewals of the same; (b) patents and patent applications;
(c) confidential or proprietary trade secrets, discoveries, ideas, improvements, information, know-how, data and databases, including
processes, schematics, business methods, drawings, specifications, designs, customer lists and supplier lists; (d) published and
unpublished works of authorship, whether copyrightable or not (including software, website and mobile content, data, databases and other
compilations of information), copyrights therein and thereto, and registrations and applications therefor, and all renewals, extensions,
restorations and reversions thereof; and (e) all other intellectual property, industrial or proprietary rights.

IT Assets
means technology devices, computers, software, servers, networks, workstations, routers, hubs, circuits, switches, data communications
lines, and all other information technology equipment, and all data stored therein or processed thereby, and all associated documentation.

Law mean
all state or federal laws, common law, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules or regulations or other similar requirement enacted, adopted,
promulgated, or applied by any Governmental Authority, including any rules of any stock exchange or other self-regulatory organization.

Lien
means any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation, security interest, prior claim, encroachments, lien (statutory or otherwise), defect
of title, adverse right or claim, or encumbrance of any kind, in each case, whether contingent or absolute.

Losses
means any damages, losses, payments, liabilities, penalties, judgments, settlements, fines, and out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including
any costs and expenses of any and all Actions and demands, assessments, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto and the
reasonable costs and expenses of attorneys, accountants, consultants and other professionals fees and expenses
incurred in the investigation or defense thereof or the enforcement of rights).

Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity and any Governmental Authority or any department or agency thereof.

Personal Information
means any information that identifies or could reasonably be used to identify an individual, browser or device, and any other personal
information, personal data or similar information that is subject to any applicable Laws regarding privacy, cybersecurity
or the protection of personal information.

Purchaser Material
Adverse Effect means, as to the Purchaser, any change, development, circumstance, fact or effect that, individually or in the
aggregate, that would prevent, materially delay or materially impair the consummation by the Purchaser of any of the Transactions in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

A-2

Representatives
means, with respect to any Person, its directors, officers, managers, members, employees, agents and professional advisors (including
legal counsel, accountants, consultants and financial advisors).

Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person of which at least a majority of the securities or ownership interests having by their
terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions is directly or
indirectly owned or controlled by such Person and/or by one or more of its Subsidiaries.

Tax or
Taxes means (a) taxes including all federal, state, local and foreign income, profits, franchise, gross receipts,
environmental, customs duty, capital stock, severances, stamp, payroll, sales, employment, unemployment, disability, use, property, withholding,
escheat, excise, production, value-added, occupancy and other taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever, together with all
interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and any interest in respect of such penalties and additions and
(b) any liability in respect of any items described in clause (a) payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee or successor liability,
operation of law, Treasury regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of law) or otherwise.

Transaction Documents
means this Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subordination Agreement and
the Termination Agreement.

Transactions
means the transactions contemplated hereby or under any of the Transaction Documents.

Yorkville Agreements
means, collectively, (a) the Second Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, (b) the Amended and Restated
Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and between Yorkville and the Company, (c) the Yorkville Note, (d) the Amended
and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Pledgors (as defined therein) party thereto, (e) the
Guaranty Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto, (f) the Amended
and Restated Guaranty Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville and the Guarantors (as defined therein) parties thereto,
(g) the Letter Agreement, dated June 28, 2024, by and among Yorkville, the Company and Triller Corp. and (h) each of the other agreements
and instruments entered into or delivered by any of the parties to the foregoing in connection with the transactions contemplated therein
or thereby.

A-3

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF NOTE

[Attached]

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF WARRANT

[Attached]

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

[Attached]

EXHIBIT E

FORM OF PLEDGE AGREEMENT

[Attached]

EXHIBIT F [intentionally blank]

FORM OF SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT

[Attached]

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF TERMINATION AGREEMENT

[Attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>illr-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>illr-20250411_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>illr-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>illr-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description This Amendment No. 1 on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment
No. 1) is being filed to amend the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Initial Form 8-K) filed by Triller
Group Inc. (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 29,
2025. As previously reported in the Initial Form 8-K, the Company disclosed that it had entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
PIPE Purchase Agreement) with KCP Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Purchaser),
for a private placement offering (the January Private Placement) of an aggregate of $14,000,000 in shares of common
stock and warrants of the Company. In connection with the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company issued a warrant and the parties entered
into a registration rights agreement with respect to the shares to be issued to the Purchaser and issuable upon exercise of such warrant.

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38909

Entity Registrant Name TRILLER GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001769624

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-1473901

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7119 West Sunset Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 782

Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90046

City Area Code 310

Local Phone Number 893-5090

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol ILLR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share

Trading Symbol ILLRW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ILLR_CommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=ILLR_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://trillercorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0238486-8ka1_triller.htm 
illr-20250411.xsd 
illr-20250411_def.xml 
illr-20250411_lab.xml 
illr-20250411_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-032991-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0238486-8ka1_triller_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001769624 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

0001769624 

ILLR:CommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

0001769624 

ILLR:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOnequarterOfOneShareOfCommonStockFor23.00PerFullShareMember 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
0001769624 
8-K/A 
2025-04-11 
TRILLER GROUP INC. 
DE 
001-38909 
33-1473901 
7119 West Sunset Boulevard 
Suite 782 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90046 
310 
893-5090 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
ILLR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one-quarter of one share of Common Stock for $23.00 per full share 
ILLRW 
NASDAQ 
false 
This Amendment No. 1 on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment
No. 1) is being filed to amend the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Initial Form 8-K) filed by Triller
Group Inc. (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on January 29,
2025. As previously reported in the Initial Form 8-K, the Company disclosed that it had entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
PIPE Purchase Agreement) with KCP Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Purchaser),
for a private placement offering (the January Private Placement) of an aggregate of $14,000,000 in shares of common
stock and warrants of the Company. In connection with the PIPE Purchase Agreement, the Company issued a warrant and the parties entered
into a registration rights agreement with respect to the shares to be issued to the Purchaser and issuable upon exercise of such warrant.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>