<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-048467.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-048467.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306164420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-048467
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250303
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Barnes & Noble Education, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS SHOPPING GOODS STORES [5940]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				460599018
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0503

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37499
		FILM NUMBER:		25715942

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 MOUNTAIN VIEW BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-991-2665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 MOUNTAIN VIEW BOULEVARD
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d903247d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000163411700016341172025-03-032025-03-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 3, 2025

BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-37499 46-0599018

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

120 Mountain View Blvd 

Basking Ridge, NJ 07920

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(908)991-2665

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share BNED New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The Board of Directors of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. (the Company) appointed Gary Luster, age 57, as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, effective as of March 3, 2025. Mr. Luster most recently served as Vice President and Corporate Controller at TerrAscend, a North American cannabis operator, from August 2020 to June 2024. From July 2019 to August 2020, Mr. Luster served as Vice President of Accounting & Reporting at Capri Holdings Limited, the parent company of luxury fashion brands Versace, Jimmy Choo, and Michael Kors. From September 2016 to June 2019, he served as Senior Director and Assistant Controller at Tiffany & Co. (NYSE: TIF) a luxury jewelry and specialty retailer. Mr. Luster holds an MBA in Accounting from Rutgers Graduate School of Management and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Rutgers University. He is also a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). There are no family relationships between Mr. Luster and any director, executive officer or person nominated by the Company to become director or executive officer, and there are no transactions between Mr. Luster or any of his immediate family members, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the other, that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

In connection with Mr. Lusters appointment as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, Mr. Luster and the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement), pursuant to which Mr. Luster will be entitled to receive an annual base salary of $335,000 and, subject to approval of the board of directors, an award of 30,000 performance stock units (PSUs). Mr. Luster will be eligible to participate in the Companys equity incentive program for executive officers. The Employment Agreement contains customary confidentiality and intellectual property assignment provisions. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1# Employment Agreement, dated February 19, 2025, with Gary Luster. 

99.1 Press Release of Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., dated March 6, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC.

Date: March 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jason Snagusky

Name: Jason Snagusky

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d903247dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

February 19, 2025 

Gary
Luster 

Dear Gary, 

It is my pleasure to confirm our offer of employment
with Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. (BNED or Company). The following represents the key elements of our offer: 

Job Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer

Department and Location: C0836 BNED Finance Executive - Basking Ridge, NJ

Reports to: Jason Snagusky - EVP, Chief Financial Officer

Starting Date: March 3, 2025

Base Salary: 

$335,000 annualized

Payment is on a biweekly basis and is subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. Your work week will be 40 hours. Your position is
considered an exempt position, which means that you will not be eligible for overtime pay for hours worked in excess of 40 hours in a given week.

Bonus: Eligible to participate in our FY26 Incentive Compensation Plan. The bonus target for your position is 35% of your base salary. Payments under the plan are based upon achievement of measurable objectives as defined by the Company
each fiscal year. Payments may be prorated accordingly based upon your start date and the provisions of the Incentive Plan. The fiscal year period is defined as May 1st to April 30th.

Cell Phone Stipend: You are eligible to receive $100 per month for cell phone reimbursement. This will be paid in the first pay period of each month.

Benefits: You will be eligible to enroll in the Companys Benefits Plans. Coverage begins after sixty (60) days of continuous employment. Enrollment information will be provided to you by the Benefits department
( ).

Equity: Subject to approval by the Compensation Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting, you will be eligible to receive an equity grant of 30,000 Performance Shares. The share will vest in 1/3rd tranches based on price trigger and time-based vesting schedule. Additional details will be provided after approval.

401(k) Savings Plan: Upon completing 1000 hours of service in a year (i.e., after approximately 6 months of continuous full-time employment), you will become eligible to participate in our 401(k) savings plan. The Company offers an annual discretionary
match. You will receive enrollment information from Fidelity Investments in the mail once eligible to join.

Paid Time Off: You are eligible for fifteen (15) vacation days. The Company vacation policy follows a calendar year accrual process and employees accrue and earn vacation time with every pay cycle.

As stated above, this offer is contingent upon review and verification of the following: 

Your identity and your ability to be legally employed by the Company in the United States. In order for the
Company to continue the hiring process and your employment, you must provide documents to the Company of your legal eligibility to work in the United States. You will have a maximum of three business days from the first date of employment to provide
documents identified by the federal government that satisfy the requirements of the I-9 Form. Additionally, your continued employment with the Company is contingent upon you retaining and renewing (if needed) the legal ability to work in the United
States. In the event at any time during your employment with the Company you do not have proper work authorization to legally be employed in the United States, you must immediately inform the Company and your employment will be terminated. If you
are so terminated and then later obtain the required authorization and desire to be employed by the Company, you will be required to apply for any open positions with the Company should you wish to be rehired. 

Satisfactory references and verification of your employment record, academic credentials, and any certifications
represented on your employment application and/or rsum or CV. 

A pre-employment background check pursuant to and in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act. A
Consumer Report and/or Investigative Consumer Report will be obtained for employment purposes. A separate email with instructions and other details will be sent to your personal email. 

You have represented, and hereby confirm, you are not subject to any currently effective employment contract or any other contractual or other binding
obligations pursuant to which your employment or employment activities with or on behalf of the Company may be subject to any restrictions, including without limitation, any agreements or other obligations or documents relating to non-competition,
confidentiality, trade secrets, proprietary information or works for hire. 

In the event you meet all conditions listed above and begin employment with
the Company, and notwithstanding any statement in this letter, you will be an at-will employee, which means either you or we can terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. 

If you wish to accept this offer of employment as set forth in this document, please complete the electronic signature process. If this offer is not signed,
the Companys offer of employment shall be deemed to be rescinded and without effect. Please contact your recruiter directly with any questions or concerns. 

We look forward to having you join our family of brands and know you will find working here a rewarding experience. Congratulations! 

Sincerely, 

Cynthia Origlio 

SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Barnes & Noble
Education, Inc. 

Below are the Terms and Conditions of Employment for your review. Please sign it and return it with a signed
copy of your offer letter. 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT 

These Terms and Conditions are by and between Barnes & Noble Education, Inc., on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries (Company) and Gary
Luster (Employee). In consideration of the Employee being hired by the Company, the Company providing Employee access to Trade Secret, Confidential Information, and other Company Property (as each term is defined below) that are
necessary to perform Employees work, the payment by the Company of Employees compensation and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company and Employee agree as follows: 

1. At-Will Employment. Employee agrees that Employees employment is at-will, which means that both Employee and the Company shall have the right
to terminate such employment at any time, for any reason, with or without cause. Employee further acknowledges and agrees these Terms and Conditions are not intended to and does not constitute a contract or agreement between Employee and the Company
providing a specified term of employment or limiting the right of either party to terminate Employees employment with the Company at any time, for any reason, with or without cause. 

2. Duty of Loyalty. Employee acknowledges Employee owes a duty of loyalty to the Company, which Employee acknowledges means, among other things, that
while an employee of the Company, Employee must act in the best interests of the Company. Employee, therefore, agrees that, subject only to the limitations described in Section 7: (a) Employee shall devote Employees best efforts and
undivided time, effort and loyalty to the business of the Company; (b) Employee shall discharge all of Employees duties and responsibilities assigned to Employee by the Company conscientiously, in good faith and to the best of
Employees ability, giving to the Company the full benefit of Employees knowledge, expertise, skill and judgment; (c) Employee shall not engage in any illegal or unethical conduct in the performance of Employees duties and
responsibilities; and (d) Employee shall not engage in any conduct that creates an actual, potential or apparent conflict between Employees personal interests and the Companys interests, or that otherwise may adversely affect
Employees judgment or ability to act in the Companys best interests. If Employee is uncertain whether any particular activity may violate Employees duty of loyalty, Employee agrees to notify the Company and not engage in any such
conduct without the express, written consent of an authorized representative of the Company. 

3. Trade Secrets, Confidential Information and Company
Property. Employee acknowledges Employees duties and responsibilities will put employee in a position of acquiring and creating Trade Secrets and Confidential Information concerning the Company. Employee further acknowledges the Company is
engaged in a highly competitive business. The Companys involvement in this business has required and continues to require the expenditure of substantial amounts of money and the use of skills developed over a long period of time. As a result
of these investments of money, skill, and time, the Company has developed and will continue to develop certain valuable Trade Secrets and Confidential Information that are particular to the Companys business. Employee acknowledges and agrees
that the disclosure of such information to competitors of the Company or others would cause the Company to suffer substantial and irreparable harm. Employee acknowledges, therefore, that it is in the Companys legitimate business interest to
restrict Employees disclosure or use of such Trade Secret and Confidential Information (and other Company Property). 

Accordingly, Employee shall use best efforts and diligence both during and after any employment with the
Company, regardless of how, when, or why such employment ends, to protect the confidential, trade secret, and/or proprietary character of all Confidential Information and Trade Secret Information. Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, use (for
Employees benefit or for the benefit of any other person) or disclose any Confidential Information or Trade Secret Information, for so long as it shall remain proprietary or protectable, except as may be necessary for the performance of
Employees duties for the Company. Employee understands that Confidential Information and/or Trade Secret Information may or may not be labeled as such, and Employee shall treat all information that appears to be Confidential Information and/or
Trade Secret Information as confidential unless otherwise informed or authorized by the Company. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to mean that Company owns any intellectual property or ideas that were conceived by Employee
before Employee commenced employment with Company and that Employee has previously disclosed to the Company. Subject to the last paragraph of this section, nothing in this paragraph shall prevent Employee from complying with a valid legal
requirement (whether by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information or Trade Secret Information. 

Trade Secret and Trade Secret Information shall mean all information, regardless of the form or medium in which it is or was created,
stored, reflected, or preserved, that is not commonly known by or generally available to the public and that (1) derives or creates economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by
proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (2) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. The Companys Trade Secret Information may
include, but is not limited to, all confidential information relating to or reflecting the Companys research and development plans and activities; non-public financial information; current and future products; compilations of data; product
plans; sales, marketing and business plans and strategies; pricing, price lists, pricing methodologies and profit margins; current and planned incentive, recognition, and rewards programs and services; personnel information; inventions, concepts,
ideas, designs and formulae; current, past, and prospective customers and customer lists; current, past, and anticipated customer needs, preferences, and requirements; market studies; computer software and programs (including object code and source
code); and computer and database technologies, systems, structures, and architectures. 

Confidential Information means any data or information
and documentation, regardless of the form or medium in which it is or was created, stored, reflected, or preserved, that is either developed by Employee (alone or with others) or to which Employee shall have access during any employment with the
Company, and which has value and is not generally known to the public. Confidential Information also includes, but is not limited to, Trade Secret Information, information that is learned or acquired by the Company from others with whom
the Company has a business relationship in which, and as a result of which, such information is revealed to the Company, and any other proprietary, confidential, sensitive, or material and non-public, including but not limited to information related
to possible or pending mergers and acquisitions, and information regarding the Company or its affiliates business affairs, including, without limitation, customer or supplier information, financial information or data, sales, costs, business
concepts or plans, processes, methods, systems, know-how, patentable rights, devices, formulas, product specifications, marketing, prices, technology, distribution strategies, proprietary information regarding current or future products or strategy,
services, methodologies, processes, research and development and other proprietary rights, and any other information that has value and is not generally known to the public, whether in oral, written, or electronic form and whether or not marked as
confidential. 

Company Property shall mean all property, items, materials and resources of the Company,
including, without limitation, all Trade Secret and Confidential Information, Company computer systems and all software, disks, drives, email, programs, and databases, all files, records, documents, drawings, specifications, memoranda, notes,
reports, manuals, equipment, telephone services, cell phones and other personal devices owned by Company, and all other administrative or support services provided by or related to the Company. 

Except as specifically required in the performance of Employees duties for the Company, Employee agrees Employee will not, during the course of
employment by the Company and for so long thereafter as the pertinent information or documentation remain Trade Secrets, Confidential Information or Company Property, directly or indirectly use, disclose or disseminate to any other person,
organization or entity or otherwise use or disclose any Trade Secrets, Confidential Information or Company Property. Employee will hold the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets in strict confidence and shall exercise a reasonable degree of
care to prevent disclosure to any third parties. Employee also shall not reproduce the Confidential Information or Trade Secrets or use them commercially or for any purpose other than the performance of Employees authorized duties for Company.

The obligations set forth herein shall not apply to any Trade Secrets, Confidential Information or Company Property that have become generally known to a
Competing Business (as defined below) of the Company through lawful means and without violation of any law or any agreement not to disclose Trade Secrets, Confidential Information, or Company Property. 

Upon the termination for any reason of Employees employment with the Company, or at any time the Company may so request, Employee shall promptly deliver
to the Company all Trade Secret, Confidential Information, and Company Property, including all information, materials, documents (whether in electronic or paper form) and all copies thereof that, directly or indirectly, contain, relate or refer to
Trade Secret, Confidential Information, or Company Property. Additionally, upon the termination of employment with Company for any reason, Employee shall not retain any Confidential Information, Trade Secrets, or Company Property in any way obtained
by Employee during the course of Employees employment with Company. The obligations of Employee under these Terms and Conditions shall survive until such time as all of the Confidential Information or Trade Secrets disclosed hereunder becomes
publicly known through no action or inaction of the Employee. Company may notify any future or prospective employer of Employee or any third party of the existence of the provisions of this section of these Terms and Conditions. 

Notwithstanding anything in these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, Employee and Company acknowledge Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly
liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a Trade Secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for
the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. In addition, Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a Trade Secret that is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding so long as such filing is made under seal. Furthermore, in the event Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose
the Trade Secret to Employees attorney and use the Trade Secret information in the court proceeding so long as Employee files any document containing the Trade Secret under seal and does not disclose the Trade Secret except pursuant to court
order. 

Employee agrees that both during and after any employment with the Company, regardless of how, when or why
such employment ends, Employee shall provide reasonable cooperation to the Company and its affiliates in connection with any pending or future lawsuit, arbitration, or proceeding between the Company and/or any affiliate and any third party, any
pending or future regulatory or governmental inquiry or investigation concerning the Company, and/or any affiliate and any other legal, internal, or business matters of or concerning the Company and/or any affiliate. Such cooperation shall include
meeting with and providing information the Company, any affiliate, and/or their respective attorneys, auditors, or other representatives as reasonably requested by the Company. The Company shall reimburse any reasonable legal fees and related
expenses Employee incurs in order to comply with this paragraph. 

Employee agrees that both during and after any employment with the Company, regardless
of how, when or why such employment ends, if Employee is legally required (whether by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process) to disclose any Confidential
Information or Trade Secret Information, Employee, to the extent legally permitted, shall promptly notify the Company of such request or requirement so that the Company may seek to avoid or minimize the required disclosure and/or to obtain an
appropriate protective order or other appropriate relief to ensure that any information so disclosed is maintained in confidence to the maximum extent possible by the agency or other person receiving the disclosure, or, in the discretion of the
Company, to waive compliance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. Employee shall use reasonable efforts, in cooperation with the Company or otherwise, to avoid or minimize the required disclosure and/or to obtain such protective order
or other relief. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, Employee is compelled to disclose the Confidential Information or Trade Secret Information or else stand liable for contempt or suffer other sanction,
censure or penalty, Employee shall disclose only so much of the Confidential Information or Trade Secret Information to the party compelling disclosure as Employee believes in good faith on the basis of advice of counsel is required by law, and
Employee, to the extent legally permitted, shall give the Company prior notice of the Confidential Information or Trade Secret Information Employee believes Employee is required to disclose. The Company shall reimburse any reasonable legal fees and
related expenses Employee incurs in order to comply with this paragraph. Nothing in or about these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to (a) interfere with Employees rights to file a claim with a government agency responsible for
enforcing a law, such as the Securities and Exchange Commission or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission; (b) prevent Employee from providing, in accordance with this paragraph, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets to the extent
required by law or legal process; (c) prevent or impede Employees ability to participate in or cooperate or assist with any government or regulatory entity investigation or proceeding; or (d) prevent, discourage, or prohibit Employee
from participating in, or assisting others in participating in, any activity under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act (Act) or otherwise cooperating with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) under the
Act. 

4. Intellectual Property/Assignment of Inventions. Intellectual Property means works, inventions, discoveries, improvements,
documented ideas, computer programs, source codes, and related documentation, moral rights, designs, and other works of authorship or creation (Intellectual Property). Employee agrees to promptly disclose to the Company all Intellectual
Property, including any Intellectual Property in the formative stages, made during Employees employment with the Company. Furthermore, Employee agrees to disclose to the Company any Intellectual Property created during the period of one year
after the termination of Employees employment with the Company that relates to or constitutes an improvement upon the Companys Intellectual Property. Employee also agrees to keep and maintain written records concerning such Intellectual
Property and make these records available to the Company at all times. 

Employee shall promptly disclose and provide to the Company, and hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the
Company and its successors and assigns, Employees entire right, title, and interest in and to any Intellectual Property and original works of authorship, designs, formulas, processes, improvements, compositions of matter, computer software
programs, data, information or databases, methods, procedures or other inventions, developments or improvements of any kind that Employee conceives, originates, develops, improves, modifies and/or creates, solely or jointly with others, during the
period of Employees employment, or as a result of such employment (collectively, Inventions), and whether or not any such Inventions also may be included within Confidential Information or Trade Secret
Information (as defined under these Terms and Conditions), or are patentable, copyrightable, or protectable as trade secrets. Employee acknowledges and agrees the Company is and shall be the exclusive owner of all rights, title, and interest
in and to the Inventions and, specifically, that any copyrightable works prepared by Employee within the scope of Employees employment are works for hire under the Copyright Act, that such works for hire are
Intellectual Property, and that the Company shall be considered the author and sole owner of such copyrightable works. In the event that any Intellectual Property is deemed not to be a work for hire, or in the event Employee should, by
operation of law, be deemed to be entitled to retain any rights, title, or interest in and to any Intellectual Property, Employee hereby irrevocably and forever waives all rights, title, and interest and assigns to the Company, without any further
consideration or compensation of any kind or at any time, and regardless of any use by the Company of any such Intellectual Property, all rights, title, and interest, if any, in and to such Intellectual Property, whether or not patentable,
copyrightable, or subject to other forms of protection, made, created, developed, written, or conceived by Employee, either solely or jointly with others, during Employees employment with the Company. Employee agrees that the Company, as the
owner of all Intellectual Property, has the full and complete right to prepare and create derivative works based upon the Intellectual Property and to use, reproduce, publish, print, copy, market, advertise, distribute, transfer, sell, publicly
perform, and publicly display and otherwise exploit by all means now known or later developed, such Intellectual Property and derivative works anywhere throughout the world and at any time during or after Employees employment hereunder or
otherwise. 

All Intellectual Property disclosed or made by Employee within one (1) year after termination of Employees employment with the
Company shall be deemed to be owned by the Company unless such Intellectual Property is proved to have been conceived after termination and without the benefit of any proprietary and/or Confidential Information or Trade Secrets of the Company, its
subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding the above, Employee shall retain full right and title to Intellectual Property to which all of the following conditions apply: (a) no equipment, supplies, facilities, proprietary and/or Company
Property, Confidential Information, Trade Secrets or Intellectual Property of the Company was used in its development; (b) it was developed entirely on Employees own time; (c) it does not relate to the business of the Company or to
the Companys anticipated business or developmental programs; and (d) it does not result from or relate to any work performed by Employee for the Company. Employee represents Employee has not, alone or jointly with others, conceived,
developed, or reduced to practice prior to the commencement of Employees employment with the Company any Intellectual Property that Employee considers to be Employees property or the property of third parties. Employee further agrees to
execute any instrument or papers requested by the company and to assist the Company, or its designees, at the Companys expense, but without additional compensation to Employee, in every proper way to secure the Companys rights in the
Intellectual Property and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, design rights, moral rights, mask work rights, or other intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries. Employee further agrees that Employees obligation to
execute or cause to be executed any such instrument or papers will continue after the termination of Employees employment with the Company. If the Company is unable because of Employees mental or physical incapacity, Employees
refusal to comply with Employees obligations under these Terms and Conditions, or for any other reason, to secure Employees signature to apply for or to pursue any application 

for any United States or foreign patents or copyright or trademark registrations covering Intellectual Property or original works of authorship assigned to the Company under these Terms and
Conditions or otherwise, Employee does hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company, through its duly authorized officers and agents, as Employees agent and attorney in fact, to act for and on Employees behalf and stead to
execute and file any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent or copyright or trademark registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by
Employee. Employee understands that the Company may have entered into agreements with other parties that impose obligations on the Company regarding Inventions made during the course of the work under such agreements or regarding the confidential
nature of such works, or otherwise received from third parties confidential or proprietary information (Third Party Information). Employee agrees to be bound by all such obligations of the Company arising in connection with such
Third Party Information. 

5. Non-Solicitation. During Employees employment with the Company, Employee will have access to Trade Secrets,
Confidential Information and/or other non-public Company Property, and Employee will develop certain relationships with and/or knowledge about current and/or prospective employees, customers, vendors, or contractors such that if Employee were
allowed to pursue relationships with the Companys current or prospective employees, customers, vendors, or contractors, Employee would have an unfair advantage based upon confidential information and/or relationships developed. Therefore,
Employee agrees that from the date of execution of these Terms and Conditions until the termination of Employees employment with the Company for any reason (the Covered Period), Employee will not, directly or indirectly: (a)
solicit or recruit for employment, offer employment to, hire, solicit, or recruit for placement, place and/or offer to place with another company or entity on a temporary, permanent or contract basis, or otherwise anyone who at any
time during the Covered Period is or was employed by the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates (a Covered Employee); provided that, at the time of such solicitation, recruitment, offer of employment, hiring, offer to
place or placement, or any time during the ninety (90) day period immediately preceding same, the Covered Employee is or was an employee of the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates; (b) encourage, entice or persuade,
or attempt to encourage, entice or persuade any Covered Employee to leave the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates; (c) solicit or encourage (i) any customer, vendor, or contractor of Company, (ii) any entity
that had been a customer, vendor, or contractor with Company within one year preceding Employees termination of employment with the Company, (iii) any prospective customer, vendor, or contractor of the Company actively solicited within
one year before the termination of Employees employment with the Company, or (iv) any parent, subsidiary or affiliate of any of the foregoing, to void, terminate or diminish its relationship with the Company or any of its parents,
subsidiaries, or affiliates; (d) or seek to persuade (i) any customer, vendor, or contractor of the Company, (ii) any entity that had been a customer, vendor, or contractor with Company within one year preceding Employees
termination of employment with the Company, (iii) any prospective customer, vendor, or contractor of the Company actively solicited within one year before the termination of Employees employment with the Company, or (iv) any parent,
subsidiary, affiliate of any of the foregoing, to conduct with any other person or entity any business or activity that such customer, vendor, or contractor conducts with the Company or any of its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates. The
restrictions of this section shall not apply to the placement of general advertisements or the use of general search firm services that are not targeted, directly or indirectly, towards employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates. 

6. Non-Use of Trade Secrets or Confidential Information and Full Disclosure of Existing Agreements with
Prior Employers. Employee acknowledges and represents that as an employee of the Company, Employee will not breach any invention, assignment or proprietary information or similar agreement Employee may have with any former employer or other
party. Employee further acknowledges and represents that Employee will not bring to the Company or use in the performance of Employees duties for the Company any documents or materials of any kind from a former employer or other person or
entity that Employee is not legally authorized or permitted to use and/or that are not generally available to the public. Employee also agrees (a) the Company has not asked Employee to use or disclose any Trade Secrets and/or Confidential
Information that is confidential to any of Employees prior employers, (b) Employee is not bound by any agreement (including, without limitation, any non-compete or non-solicitation agreement) that seeks to restrict the employers or
entities for or with whom Employee may work, the customers, clients or prospects Employee may solicit or work with, or the former co-workers Employee may solicit or work with, and (c) Employee has provided written copies, and has otherwise
fully disclosed the existence and terms, of any such agreement(s) to the Companys management. 

7. Government Agencies. Notwithstanding any
provision of these Terms and Conditions to the contrary, these Terms and Conditions are not intended to, and shall not, limit or restrict Employee from engaging in the following activities, and the limitations in Section 3 shall not apply to
the disclosure of Confidential Information under the following circumstances: (a) filing and, as provided for under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, maintaining the confidentiality of a claim with a government agency
that is responsible for enforcing a law; (b) providing Confidential Information to the extent required by law or legal process or permitted by Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or (c) cooperating with or
participating or assisting in any government or regulatory entity investigation or proceeding. With respect to each of these three scenarios, however, and subject to applicable law, Employee agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent the
disclosure of Confidential Information beyond the allowable parameters described in this section. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be interpreted to prevent, discourage, or prohibit Employee from participating in, or assisting others
in participating in, any activity under Section 7 of the Act or otherwise cooperating with NLRB under the Act. 

8. Non-disparagement. During
and after any employment with the Company, regardless of how, when or why such employment ends, (i) Employee shall not make, either directly or by or through another person, any oral or written negative, disparaging, or adverse statements or
representations of or concerning the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, any of their clients or businesses, or any of their current or former officers, directors, employees, or shareholders in a manner that is disloyal, reckless, or
maliciously untrue, (ii) Employee shall not engage in any conduct or take any actions whatsoever to cause or influence any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any past, present or prospective employee of the Company, to initiate
oral, written or electronic negative, disparaging or adverse statements or representations of or concerning the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, any of their clients or businesses, or any of their current or former officers, directors,
employees, or shareholders that are disloyal, reckless, or maliciously untrue, and (iii) the Company will direct the Company Parties (as defined below) not to make any oral or written negative, disparaging or adverse statements or
representations of or concerning Employee; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prohibit (x) critical communications between Employee and the Company or Company Parties during the Term and in connection with your employment,
(y) Employee or any Company Party from disclosing truthful information if legally required (whether by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process), or
(z) or be interpreted to prevent, discourage, or prohibit Employee from participating in, or assisting others in participating in, any activity under Section 7 of the Act or otherwise cooperating with the NLRB under the Act. For purposes
of these Terms and Conditions, the term Company Parties shall mean the executive officers and designated spokespersons of the Company. 

9. Applicable Law. The validity, performance and enforceability of these Terms and Conditions shall
be determined and governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to its conflict of law principles. The exclusive forum for any action concerning these Terms and Conditions or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be in the
state and federal courts of competent jurisdiction in New Jersey. EMPLOYEE HEREBY CONSENTS TO THE EXERCISE OF JURISDICTION OF THE COURT IN THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT EMPLOYEE MAY HAVE TO
CHALLENGE OR CONTEST THE REMOVAL AT ANY TIME BY THE COMPANY TO FEDERAL COURT OF ANY ACTION EMPLOYEE MAY BRING AGAINST IT IN STATE COURT. EMPLOYEE AND THE COMPANY MUTUALLY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION CONCERNING THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OR EMPLOYEES EMPLOYMENT IN GENERAL. 

10. Successors. These Terms and Conditions shall inure to the benefit of the Company, its
subsidiaries and affiliates, and the successors and assigns of each of them. There are no third party beneficiaries under or pursuant to the terms of these Terms and Conditions. 

11. Rule of Construction. The rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in
interpreting these Terms and Conditions. The language of all parts of these Terms and Conditions shall in all cases be construed as a whole, according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any of the parties. 

12. Amendments; Waivers. No term, condition, covenant, representation or acknowledgement contained in these Terms and Conditions may be amended or
modified unless in writing signed by both parties, and no course of conduct shall be deemed a waiver of its provisions. The waiver of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not operate or be construed as a modification of these Terms and
Conditions or waiver of any other breach. The failure to insist upon strict performance or to seek remedy for breach of any term or condition of these Terms and Conditions, or to exercise any right, remedy or election set forth herein or permitted
by law or equity, shall not constitute or be construed as a waiver in the future of such term, condition, right, remedy or election. Any waiver hereunder by Company shall not be effective unless in a writing signed by an authorized officer or
Company Party. 

13. Reasonable Scope. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing agreements and restrictions are reasonable and necessary
for the protection of the Company and its business, and are not limited in time to the duration of Employees employment but, to the extent permitted by law, extend after and shall survive any change in Employees position with the Company
and the termination of Employees employment, irrespective of the reason for Employees termination. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek an injunction or other forms of equitable relief to
prevent or terminate any violation of the foregoing restrictions. Any such relief shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedy available to the Company, whether at law or in equity. 

14. Severability. Employee agrees that if any part of Employees foregoing covenants or the duration thereof is deemed too restrictive by a court
of competent jurisdiction, the court may alter the covenants and/or duration to make the same reasonable under the circumstances, and Employee acknowledges that Employee shall be bound thereby. If any one or more provisions of these Terms and
Conditions, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision(s) in every other respect and the remaining provisions of
these Terms and Conditions shall be unimpaired, and these Terms and Conditions shall continue in full force and effect. 

15. Complete Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions set out in
the attached offer letter constitute the entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and cancel and supersede any and all other previous agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. Sections 8-15 hereof shall apply with equal
force with respect to the Offer Letter. 

16. Employee Review. Employee understands Employee has the right to consult an attorney prior to the
signing of these Terms and Conditions, and acknowledges that Employees signature below signifies Employee has fully reviewed and understands all of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and that Employee has agreed to those terms. 

17. Equitable Relief. Employee acknowledges if there is a breach or threatened breach of the provisions of Section 3 or 5 of the Terms and
Conditions, Company may have no adequate remedy in monetary or other damages and, accordingly, shall be entitled to equitable relief, including without limitation, injunction and specific performance. Employee further agrees to waive any requirement
for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy. Such remedy shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for Employees breach or threatened breach of these sections of these Terms and Conditions, but shall be in
addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to Company. 

18. Assignment. Neither these Terms and Conditions nor any rights or
obligations that either party may have by reason of these Terms and Conditions shall be assignable by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, provided, however, Company may assign these Terms and Conditions at any time,
with or without notice, to an affiliate or any successor in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or the business to which these Terms and Conditions relate. 

19. Representations and Warranties. Employee hereby represents and warrants to the Company (i) Employees execution, delivery, and performance
of these Terms and Conditions do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate, or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound and (ii) upon
the execution and delivery of these Terms and Conditions, it shall be a valid and binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Employee hereby acknowledges and represents Employee fully understands the terms and conditions contained
herein. 

20. Counterparts. These Terms and Conditions may be executed in one or more identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. In the event any signature is delivered by electronic transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing the same with the
same force and effect as if such electronic signature page were an original thereof.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d903247dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Barnes & Noble Education Strengthens Leadership Team with the Appointment of Christopher Neumann as General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
and Gary Luster as Chief Accounting Officer 

March 6, 2025, Basking Ridge, NJBarnes & Noble Education,
Inc. (NYSE: BNED), a leading solutions provider for the education industry, today announced the appointment of Christopher Neumann as General Counsel & Corporate Secretary and Gary Luster as Chief Accounting Officer,
effective March 3, 2025. 

Christopher Neumann General Counsel & Corporate Secretary 

Mr. Neumann joins BNED from Six Flags a NYSE listed public company that operates an extensive portfolio of large-scale amusement and water parks
across the United States, Canada, and Mexico where he served as General Counsel & Corporate Secretary and led the legal and corporate governance functions in a fast-moving and highly dynamic industry, including through Six
Flags $8 billion merger with Cedar Fair. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Deputy General Counsel for Kaplan, an international educational services company, where he gained significant experience and knowledge within the
education industry while overseeing Kaplans North American legal function. 

Mr. Neumanns expertise in driving strategic initiatives and
enterprise-wide growth at complex public and private companies will be instrumental in strengthening BNEDs legal framework, business strategy, governance, and risk management. 

Mr. Neumann holds a BS in Business Administration from the University of Vermont and earned his JD from St. Johns University School of Law, where
he graduated magna cum laude and served on the St. Johns Law Review. 

Gary Luster Chief Accounting Officer 

Mr. Luster joins BNED with an extensive background in accounting and finance, having successfully led enterprise-wide financial transformations, optimized
reporting structures, and implemented robust financial controls to support business growth. His experience across large-scale, multi-location retailers such as TerrAscend, Capri Holdings (which owns Michael Kors, Versace, and Jimmy Choo),
Tiffany & Co., and the former consumer health division of Novartis gives him unique insights into navigating complex financial operations, ensuring compliance, and driving strategic decision-making. Mr. Lusters leadership and
financial expertise will be key in elevating BNEDs business strategy, improving operational efficiencies, and ensuring long-term fiscal resilience. 

Mr. Luster holds both a BA and MBA from Rutgers University and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 

Chris and Gary significantly enhance the depth and capabilities of BNEDs leadership team as we
continue to drive operational improvements across our business, said Jonathan Shar, Chief Executive Officer, BNED. Their extensive experience and proven track records in their respective fields will be instrumental in strengthening the
company. Their leadership will play a crucial role in optimizing our processes, mitigating risk, and aligning our strategies with industry best practices which will position BNED for long-term growth and enhanced shareholder value. 

ABOUT BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. 

Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. (NYSE: BNED) is a leading solutions provider for the education industry, driving affordability, access, and achievement
at hundreds of academic institutions nationwide and ensuring millions of students are equipped for success in the classroom and beyond. Through its family of brands, BNED offers campus retail services, academic solutions, wholesale capabilities, and
more. BNED is a company serving all who work to elevate their lives through education, supporting students, faculty, and institutions as they make tomorrow a better and smarter world. For more information, visit www.bned.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and information relating to us and our business that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by
and information currently available to our management. When used in this communication, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, will,
forecasts, projections, and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements,
which include but are not limited to the anticipated benefits of the appointment of Christopher Neumann as General Counsel & Corporate Secretary and Gary Luster as Chief Accounting Officer. Such statements reflect our current views with
respect to future events, the outcome of which is subject to certain risks, including, but not limited to: the ability to successfully integrate new members of our leadership team; our ability to retain members of our leadership team and other key
employees; as well as other risks related to the growth of our business. For a more detailed discussion of these factors, and other factors that could cause actual results to vary materially, interested parties should review the risk factors listed
in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 27, 2024 as filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made by us in this press release speak only as of the date of this
press release, and we do not intend to 

update these forward-looking statements after the date of this press release, except as required by law. 

Media Contact: 

Judith Buckingham 

Corporate Communications 

Barnes & Noble Education 

jbuckingham@bned.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bned-20250303.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bned-20250303_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bned-20250303_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g903247dsp1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001634117

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-37499

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-0599018

Entity Address, Address Line One 120 Mountain View Blvd

Entity Address, City or Town Basking Ridge

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07920

City Area Code (908)

Local Phone Number 991-2665

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol BNED

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://bned.com//20250303/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bned-20250303.xsd 
bned-20250303_lab.xml 
bned-20250303_pre.xml 
d903247d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-048467-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d903247d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001634117 

2025-03-03 
2025-03-03 

false 
0001634117 
8-K 
2025-03-03 
BARNES & NOBLE EDUCATION, INC. 
DE 
1-37499 
46-0599018 
120 Mountain View Blvd 
Basking Ridge 
NJ 
07920 
(908) 
991-2665 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
BNED 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>