<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-070545.txt : 20250401
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-070545.hdr.sgml : 20250401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250401171551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-070545
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kinetik Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				814675947
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38048
		FILM NUMBER:		25800878

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-621-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 POST OAK BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Altus Midstream Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kayne Anderson Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161220
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d907123d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000169278700016927872025-04-012025-04-01

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 1, 2025

Kinetik Holdings Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-38048 81-4675947

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2700 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 300

Houston, Texas 77056

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(713)621-7330

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share KNTK New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On April 1, 2025, (the Closing Date), Kinetik Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Kinetik LP), which is a subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an amendment (Amendment No. 1 to the A/R Facility) to their accounts receivable securitization facility dated April 2, 2024 (the A/R Facility and as amended, the Amended A/R Facility) to, among other things, increase the facility limit and extend the scheduled termination date. 

The documentation for the Amended A/R Facility includes (i) a Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of April 2, 2024 (the Receivables Purchase Agreement) by and among Kinetik Receivables LLC, a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of Kinetik LP, as the seller (the Seller), Kinetik LP, as the servicer (the Servicer), the persons from time to time party thereto as purchasers (the Purchasers), PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (PNC or Administrative Agent), and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent and sustainability agent, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of April 1, 2025 (Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement) by and among Seller, Servicer, Administrative Agent and the purchasers party thereto and (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (the Sale and Contribution Agreement), as supplemented by that Joinder Agreement dated as of April 1, 2025 (the Joinder Agreement), by and among Frontier Field Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (FFS), Kinetik LP and Administrative Agent. 

Pursuant to Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, the facility limit of the A/R Facility was increased to $250 million and the scheduled termination date was extended to March 31, 2026. In addition, Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement eliminated certain of the Sustainability Performance Targets applicable to Kinetik LP and the Company under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Joinder Agreement, as of April 1, 2025, FFS is a party to the Sale and Contribution Agreement as an Originator and has assumed all interests, obligations, rights, duties and liabilities of an Originator under the Sale and Contribution Agreement. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Joinder Agreement are qualified in its entirety by reference to the full and complete terms of the Amendment No. 1 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Joinder Agreement, which are included as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit 

Description

10.1 Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2025 by and among Kinetik Receivables LLC, as the seller, PNC Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent, Kinetik Holdings LP, a subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc., as the servicer, and the purchasers party thereto. 

10.2 Joinder Agreement, dated April 1, 2025 by and among Frontier Field Services, LLC, Kinetik Holdings LP, a subsidiary of Kinetik Holdings Inc., and PNC Bank, National Association. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 1, 2025 

KINETIK HOLDINGS INC.

By: 

/s/ Lindsay Ellis

Name: Lindsay Ellis

Title: General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d907123dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Amendment) is made as of April 1, 2025, by and among
KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the Seller (the Seller), the financial institutions listed on the signature pages hereto as the Purchasers, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the
administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), and KINETIK HOLDINGS LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as the Servicer (the Servicer). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the
respective meanings given to them in the RPA referred to below. 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchasers, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement,
dated as of April 2, 2024 (as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, the RPA); and 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the RPA to, inter alia, increase the Facility Limit to $250,000,000, on the terms and
conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein,
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Amendments to RPA. Effective as of the date hereof, the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding the text
marked with double-underlining and deleting the strike through text, in each case as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

2. Conditions to Effectiveness.This Amendment shall become effective and be deemed effective as of the date hereof upon
receipt by the Administrative Agent of each of the documents, opinions, certificates and searches listed on Exhibit B hereto, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties. Each of the Seller and Servicer jointly and severally hereby represent
and warrant as follows: 

(a) It has the power and authority and legal right to execute and deliver this Amendment and to
perform its obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery by it of this Amendment and the performance of its obligations hereunder and under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (as modified
hereby) have been duly authorized by proper limited liability company proceedings, and this Amendment and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (as modified hereby) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of it, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms subject to the effects of (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) general principles of
equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing. 

(b) As of the date hereof, (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and
warranties of it set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (as modified hereby) are true and correct in all material respects except to the extent any such representation or warranty is stated to relate solely to an earlier date,
in which case such representation or warranty shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date. 

4. Reference to and Effect on the RPA and Transaction Documents. 

(a) Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference to the RPA in the RPA or any other Transaction Document shall mean
and be a reference to the RPA as modified hereby. This Amendment is a Transaction Document pursuant to the RPA and shall (unless expressly indicated herein or therein) be construed, administered, and applied, in accordance with all of the terms and
provisions of the RPA. 

(b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of
any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers, nor constitute a waiver of or consent to any modification of any provision of the RPA or any other Transaction Documents executed and/or delivered in connection therewith.

5. Costs and Expenses. The Seller agrees to pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent and the Purchasers in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other instruments and documents to be delivered in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of McGuireWoods LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent, with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent as to its rights
and responsibilities hereunder and thereunder. 

6. GOVERNING LAW.THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF
THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 

7.
Headings.Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 

8. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts
(including by means of facsimile or electronic transmission), and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, signed, signature, and
words of like import in this Amendment or in any other certificate, opinion, agreement or document related to this Amendment shall include images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without
limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any
contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation,
any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

[Signature Pages Follow.] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above
written. 

KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, as Seller

By: /s/ Trevor Howard

Name: Trevor Howard

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

KINETIK HOLDINGS LP, as Servicer

By: /s/ Trevor Howard

Name: Trevor Howard

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to RPA (Kinetik) 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Purchaser

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1 to RPA (Kinetik) 

Exhibit A 

Conformed Receivables Purchase Agreement 

See Attached. 

EXECUTION
VERSIONCONFORMED COPY

Exhibit A to Amendment
No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement,

dated as of April 1,
2025

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

Dated as of April 2, 2024 

by and among 

KINETIK RECEIVABLES
LLC 

as Seller, 

THE PERSONS
FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

as Purchasers, 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent, 

KINETIK
HOLDINGS LP 

as Servicer, 

and

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, 

as
Structuring Agent and Sustainability Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02 Construction 37 

SECTION 1.03 Accounting Principles; Changes in GAAP 38 

SECTION 1.04 Benchmark Replacement Notification 38 

ARTICLE II TERMS OF THE INVESTMENTS 39 

SECTION 2.01 The Investments 3939 

SECTION 2.02 Making Investments; Repayment of Investments 4040 

SECTION 2.03 Yield and Fees 4242 

SECTION 2.04 Daily 1M SOFR or Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable; Increased Costs; Illegality; Benchmark Replacement
Setting 44 

SECTION 2.05 Records of Investments 49 

SECTION 2.06 Defaulting Purchasers 49 

SECTION 2.07 Security Interest 51 

SECTION 2.08 Secured Guaranty by Seller 52 

SECTION 2.09 Authorization to File Financing Statements; Further Assurances 56 

ARTICLE III SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES AND PAYMENT PROVISIONS 5959 

SECTION 3.01 Settlement Procedures 5959 

SECTION 3.02 Payments and Computations, Etc. 6262 

SECTION 3.03 Sharing of Payments by Purchasers 62 

SECTION 3.04 Administrative Agents Clawback 6363 

ARTICLE IV INCREASED COSTS; FUNDING LOSSES; TAXES; ILLEGALITY AND SECURITY INTEREST 6463 

SECTION 4.01 Increased Costs 6464 

SECTION 4.02 Indemnity for Funding Losses 65 

SECTION 4.03 Taxes 6666 

SECTION 4.04 Replacement of a Purchaser 7070 

SECTION 4.05 Designation of a Different Lending Office 71 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND INVESTMENTS 7171 

SECTION 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and the Initial Investment 71 

SECTION 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Investments 71 

SECTION 5.03 Conditions Precedent to All Releases 72 

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 73 

SECTION 6.01 Representations and Warranties of the Seller 7373 

SECTION 6.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 78 

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS 83 

SECTION 7.01 Covenants of the Seller 83 

SECTION 7.02 Covenants of the Servicer 93 

SECTION 7.03 Separate Existence of the Seller 99 

SECTION 7.04 Post-Closing Covenant 103103 

ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION OF RECEIVABLES; CREDIT INSURANCE 103 

SECTION 8.01 Appointment of the Servicer 103 

SECTION 8.02 Duties of the Servicer 104 

SECTION 8.03 Collection Account Arrangements 105 

SECTION 8.04 Enforcement Rights 106 

SECTION 8.05 Responsibilities of the Seller 107 

SECTION 8.06 Servicing Fee 108 

SECTION 8.07 Credit Insurance Policies 107108 

ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT 110 

SECTION 9.01 Events of Default 110 

SECTION 9.02 Consequences of an Event of Default 113 

ARTICLE X THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 115 

SECTION 10.01 Appointment and Authority 115 

SECTION 10.02 Rights as a Purchaser 115 

SECTION 10.03 Exculpatory Provisions 116 

SECTION 10.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 117 

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page 

SECTION 10.05 Delegation of Duties 117 

SECTION 10.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 117 

SECTION 10.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other
Purchasers 118 

SECTION 10.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 119 

SECTION 10.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 119 

SECTION 10.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 119 

SECTION 10.11 No Reliance on Administrative Agents Customer Identification Program 119 

SECTION 10.12 ERISA Matters 120 

SECTION 10.13 Erroneous Payments 121 

ARTICLE XI EXPENSES; INDEMNITY; DAMAGE WAIVER 124 

SECTION 11.01 Costs and Expenses 124 

SECTION 11.02 Indemnification by the Seller 124 

SECTION 11.03 Indemnification by the Servicer 127 

SECTION 11.04 Reimbursement by Purchasers 128 

SECTION 11.05 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. 128 

SECTION 11.06 Payments 128 

SECTION 11.07 Survival 128 

ARTICLE XII MISCELLANEOUS 129 

SECTION 12.01 Amendments, Etc. 129 

SECTION 12.02 No Implied Waivers; Cumulative Remedies 130 

SECTION 12.03 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 130131 

SECTION 12.04 Severability 132 

SECTION 12.05 Duration; Survival 132 

SECTION 12.06 Successors and Assigns 133 

SECTION 12.07 No Proceedings 137 

SECTION 12.08 Confidentiality 137 

SECTION 12.09 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 138 

-iii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(continued) 

Page

SECTION 12.10 CHOICE OF LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF VENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL 139

SECTION 12.11 Intent of the Parties 140

SECTION 12.12 Mutual Negotiations 140

SECTION 12.13 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial
Institutions 140

SECTION 12.14 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 141

SECTION 12.15 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 141

-iv- 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A Form of Investment Request

EXHIBIT B Form of Reduction Notice

EXHIBIT C Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement

EXHIBIT D Credit and Collection Policy

EXHIBIT E-1 Form of Monthly Report

EXHIBIT E-2 Form of Weekly Aging Report

EXHIBIT F Form of Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT G Closing Memorandum

EXHIBIT H Forms of Tax Compliance Certificates

EXHIBIT I Form of Administrative Questionnaire

EXHIBIT J Form of Pricing Certificate

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE I Purchasers & Commitments

SCHEDULE II Account Details

SCHEDULE III Notice Addresses

SCHEDULE IV Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget

-v- 

This RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, this Agreement) is entered into as of April 2, 2024, by and among the following parties: 

(i) 

KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Seller);

(ii) 

the Persons from time to time party hereto as Purchasers; 

(iii) 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association (PNC), as Administrative
Agent; 

(iv) 

KINETIK HOLDINGS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Kinetik), as Servicer; and

(v) 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company, as Structuring Agent and Sustainability
Agent. 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 

The Seller has acquired, and will acquire from time to time, Receivables from the Originator(s) pursuant to the Transfer Agreement. The Seller
desires to sell Receivables to the Purchasers and, in connection therewith, has requested that the Purchasers make Investments from time to time on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

In consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.01 Certain Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such
meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 

Account Control
Agreement means each agreement among the Seller, the Servicer (if applicable), the Administrative Agent and a Collection Account Bank, governing the terms of one or more Collection Accounts that provides the Administrative Agent with
control (within the meaning of the UCC) over such Collection Account(s), each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Administrative Agent means PNC, in its capacity as contractual representative for the Purchaser Parties, and any successor
thereto in such capacity appointed in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an
administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent and attached hereto as Exhibit I. 

1 

Adverse Claim means any Lien, other than (i) a Lien in favor of or
assigned to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (ii) any bankers liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash on deposit in a Collection Account to the extent such Liens
are not terminated pursuant to an Account Control Agreement or (iii) any Lien for Taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges (x) not yet due and payable or (y) if the obligations with respect to such Taxes, fees,
assessments and other governmental charges are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Agent Parties has
the meaning set forth in Section 12.03(d)(ii). 

Aggregate Capital means, at any time, the
aggregate outstanding Capital of all Purchasers at such time. 

Aggregate Yield means, at any time, the aggregate
accrued and unpaid Yield on the Investments of all Purchasers at such time. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the
preamble to this Agreement. 

Amendment
No. 1 Effective Date means April 1, 2025.

Anti-Corruption Laws means (a) the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (b) the U.K. Bribery
Act 2010, as amended; and (c) any other applicable Law relating to anti-bribery or anti-corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Seller-Related Party is located or doing business. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws means (a) the Bank Secrecy Act and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001; (b) the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the Money Laundering Regulations 2017, as amended and the Terrorist Asset-Freezing etc. Act 2010; and (c) any
other applicable Law relating to anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism in any jurisdiction in which any Seller-Related Party is located or doing business. 

Anti-Terrorism Law means any Law in force or hereinafter enacted related to terrorism, money laundering, or economic
sanctions, including the Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq., the USA PATRIOT Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701, et seq., the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1, et seq.,
18 U.S.C. 2332d, and 18 U.S.C. 2339B. 

2 

Approved Fund means any Fund (a) that is administered or managed by
(i) a Purchaser, (ii) an Affiliate of a Purchaser or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Purchaser and (b) has combined capital or assets of at least $100,000,000. 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Purchaser and an Eligible Assignee
(with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 12.06), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Attorney Costs means and includes all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel and all reasonable and documented out of pocket disbursements of internal counsel (but limited, in the case of
legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the Purchasers, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any
relevant material jurisdiction, and additional counsel solely in the event of a conflict of interest). 

Authorized
Officer means, with respect to any Seller-Related Party, the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of such Seller-Related Party, any manager or the members (as applicable) in the case
of any Seller-Related Party which is a limited liability company, or such other individuals, designated by written notice to the Administrative Agent from the Seller, authorized to execute notices, reports and other documents on behalf of such
Seller-Related Party required hereunder. The Seller may amend such list of individuals from time to time by giving written notice of such amendment to the Administrative Agent. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.). 

Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating per annum rate of interest equal to the highest of (i) the Overnight Bank
Funding Rate, plus 0.50%, (ii) the Prime Rate, and (iii) Daily Simple SOFR, plus 1.00%, so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful; provided, however, if the Base Rate as determined
above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, in the case of any event specified in Section 2.04(a) or Section 2.04(b) to the extent any such determination affects the calculation of Base Rate, the definition hereof
shall be calculated without reference to clause (iii) above until the circumstances giving rise to such event no longer exist. 

3 

Base Rate Capital means, at any time, any Capital on which Yield accrues
by reference to the Base Rate. 

Benchmark Replacement has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.04(d). 

Beneficial Owner means, for the Seller, each of the following:
(a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25% or more of the Sellers Equity Interests; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct the Seller. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of
ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Blackstone Funds means,
individually or collectively, any investment fund, co-investment vehicles and/or other similar vehicles or accounts, in each case managed or advised by an Affiliate of Blackstone Inc., or any of their
respective successors. 

Blocked Property means any property: (a) owned, directly or indirectly, by a Sanctioned
Person; (b) due to or from a Sanctioned Person; (c) in which a Sanctioned Person otherwise holds any interest; (d) located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; or (e) that otherwise could cause any actual or possible violation by the
Administrative Agent or Purchasers of any applicable International Trade Law if the Purchasers were to obtain an encumbrance on, lien on, pledge of, or security interest in such property, or provide services in consideration of such property. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or
required to be closed, or are in fact closed, for business in New York, New York or Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (or, if otherwise, the Lending Office of the Administrative Agent); provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears
interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

Capital means, with respect to any Purchaser, the aggregate amounts paid to, or on behalf of, the Seller in connection with
all Investments made by such Purchaser pursuant to Article II, as reduced from time to time by Collections or other funds of the Seller that have been distributed to such Purchaser and applied as a repayment of Capital in accordance with this
Agreement; provided, that if such Capital shall have been reduced by any distribution and thereafter all or a portion of such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for any reason, such Capital shall be increased by the
amount of such rescinded or returned distribution as though it had not been made. 

4 

Capital Coverage Amount means, at any time, the amount equal to the
lesser of (a) the Facility Limit and (b) the amount equal to (i) the Net Receivables Pool Balance at such time, minus (ii) the Total Reserves at such time. 

Capital Coverage Amount Deficit means, at any time, the amount, if any, by which (a) the Aggregate Capital at such
time, exceeds (b) the Capital Coverage Amount at such time. 

Capital Tranche means specified portions of
Capital outstanding as follows: (a) all Capital for which the applicable Yield Rate is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate Yield Period shall constitute one Capital Tranche, (b) all Capital for which the applicable Yield Rate is
determined by reference to Daily 1M SOFR shall constitute one Capital Tranche, and (c) all Capital for which the applicable Yield Rate is determined by reference to Base Rate shall constitute one Capital Tranche. 

Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(e). 

Certificate of Beneficial Ownership means, for the Seller, a certificate in form and substance acceptable to the
Administrative Agent (as such form may be amended or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of the Seller. 

Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(a) Kinetik ceases to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of the Seller free and clear of all Adverse Claims; 

(b) any Subordinated Loan ceases to be 100% owned (beneficially and of record) by an Originator free and clear of all Adverse Claims; or 

(c) acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) (other than the Permitted Holders or a corporation or other entity owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of Parent, in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of the stock of Parent), of Equity Interests representing more than 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Kinetik. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect
of any Law, (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Official Body or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having
the force of Law) by any Official Body; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or
directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Law) and (y) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of Law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a
Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

5 

CIP Regulations has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.11. 

Closing Date means April 2, 2024. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any
successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 

Collection
Account means each account listed on Schedule II to this Agreement (as such schedule may be modified from time to time in connection with the closing or opening of any Collection Account in accordance with the terms hereof) and
maintained at a bank or other financial institution acting as a Collection Account Bank for the purpose of receiving Collections. 

Collection Account Bank means any bank or other financial institution holding one or more Collection Accounts. 

Collections means, with respect to any Pool Receivable: (a) all funds that are received by any Seller-Related Party or
any other Person on their behalf in payment of any amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including purchase price, service charges, finance charges, interest, fees and all other charges and all proceeds of any drawing under any Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit with respect to such Receivable), or applied to amounts owed in respect of such Pool Receivable (including insurance payments, proceeds of drawings under supporting letters of credit and net proceeds of the sale or other
disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of the related Obligor or any other Person directly or indirectly liable for the payment of such Pool Receivable and available to be applied thereon), (b) all Deemed Collections,
(c) all proceeds of all Related Security with respect to such Pool Receivable (including all amounts paid by or on behalf of a Credit Insurer under any Credit Insurance Policy or in respect of any claim thereunder), and (d) all other
proceeds of such Pool Receivable. 

Compliance Authority means (a) the U.S. government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and its Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency;
(b) the government of Canada or any agency thereof; (c) the European Union or any agency thereof; (d) the government of the United Kingdom or any agency thereof; (e) the United Nations Security Council; and (f) any other
Official Body with jurisdiction to administer Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or International Trade Laws with respect to the conduct of a Covered Entity. 

Commitment means, with respect to any Purchaser, the maximum aggregate amount of Capital which such Person is obligated to
lend or pay hereunder on account of all Investments, on a combined basis, as set forth on Schedule I, as such Commitment is thereafter assigned or modified. If the context so requires, Commitment also refers to a Purchasers
obligation to make Investments hereunder in accordance with this Agreement. 

Communications has the meaning set forth
in Section 12.03(d). 

6 

Concentration Percentage means, (a) for any Group A Obligor, 20.00%,
(b) for any Group B Obligor, 18.00%, (c) for any Group C Obligor, 12.50% and (d) for any Group D Obligor, 8.00%. 

Concentration Reserve Percentage means, at any time, the largest of: (a) the sum of the four (4) largest Obligor
Percentages of the Group D Obligors, (b) the sum of the two (2) largest Obligor Percentages of the Group C Obligors, and (c) the largest Obligor Percentage of the Group B Obligors; provided, that for purposed of determining the
Concentration Reserve Percentage, each Payment Obligors Obligor Percentage shall be deemed to be the lesser of its Obligor Percentage and its Concentration Percentage at such time; provided, further, with respect to any Eligible
Receivable that is an Insured Receivable, the Obligor thereof (including for purposes of determining such Obligors Obligor Percentage and status as a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor, Group C Obligor or Group D Obligor) shall be
deemed to be (i) with respect to the Insured Amount of the Outstanding Balance of any Insured Receivable, the related Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, and (ii) with respect to the remaining Outstanding Balance, if any, the Obligor of
such Insured Receivable. 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to Daily 1M SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark
Replacement in relation thereto, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Yield Period, the
definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing or investment requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the
applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation
of Daily 1M SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of Daily 1M SOFR, the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other
manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated Net Indebtedness means, without duplication,
(a) all Indebtedness of Kinetik and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the date of this Agreement) of Kinetik and its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such time (excluding any restricted cash and Cash Equivalents and any cash or Cash Equivalents subject to any Lien other than (i) any Lien in favor of the administrative agent under the Revolving Credit
Agreement that secures the Obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement, or (ii) customary rights of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback under deposit agreements or under the UCC or common law
of banks or other financial institutions where Kinetik or any of its Subsidiaries maintains deposits (other than 

7 

deposits intended as cash collateral) in the ordinary course of business. For purposes of the foregoing, Indebtedness of a non-wholly owned Subsidiary that
is Project Financing (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the date of this Agreement) shall be excluded in the calculation of Consolidated Net Indebtedness, unless such indebtedness is recourse to Kinetik or its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries (in which case, the proportionate amount of such indebtedness that is recourse to Kinetik or its wholly-owned Subsidiaries shall be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Indebtedness). 

Contract means, with respect to any Receivable, any and all contracts, instruments, agreements, leases, invoices, notes or
other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or that evidence such Receivable or under which an Obligor becomes or is obligated to make payment in respect of such Receivable. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Covered Entity means (a) each Seller-Related Party and its respective Subsidiaries, and (b) each Person that,
directly or indirectly, controls a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25% or more of the issued and outstanding
equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 

Covered Party has the meaning set forth in
Section 12.15(a). 

Credit and Collection Policy means the receivables credit and collection
policies and practices of the Seller-Related Parties as in effect on the Closing Date and described in Exhibit D, as modified in compliance with this Agreement. 

Credit Insurance Policy means a credit insurance policy naming the Seller as insured and the Administrative Agent as an
additional insured, which policy insures the payment of Pool Receivables owing by one or more Obligors. 

Credit Insurer
means each insurance company that provides a Credit Insurance Policy to the Seller. 

Daily 1M SOFR means, for any day,
the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (a) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such day for a one
(1) month period, as published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (b) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage; provided, that if Daily 1M SOFR, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then
Daily 1M SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. Such rate of interest will be adjusted automatically as of each Business Day based on changes in Daily 1M SOFR without notice to the Seller. 

8 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate
Day), the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) SOFR for the day (the
SOFR Determination Date) that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a
Business Day, by (B) a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If
Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00
p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which
SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR; provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If
and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Seller, effective on the date of any such change. 

Days Sales Outstanding means, for any Fiscal Month, an amount computed as of the last day of such Fiscal Month equal
to: (a) the average of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables (other than Unbilled Receivables) as of the last day of each of the three most recent Fiscal Months ended on the last day of such Fiscal Month, dividedby (b) an amount equal to (i) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the three most recent Fiscal Months ended on the last day of such Fiscal Month, dividedby (ii) 90. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code and all other liquidation, conservatorship,
bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Deemed Collections has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(d)(ii). 

Default Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1%
rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that became Defaulted Receivables during such Fiscal Month, by (b) the aggregate
initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables (other than Unbilled Receivables) generated by the Originators during the month that is three (3) Fiscal Months prior to such Fiscal Month. 

9 

Defaulted Receivable means a Receivable (without duplication): 

(a) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than ninety (90) days from the original date of the invoice; 

(b) as to which a Relief Proceeding shall have occurred with respect to the Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning
any Related Security with respect thereto; 

(c) that has been written off the applicable Originators or the Sellers books as
uncollectible; or 

(d) that, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, should be written off the applicable Originators or
the Sellers books as uncollectible; 

provided, however, that in each case above such amount shall be calculated without giving effect
to any netting of credits that have not been matched to a particular Receivable for the purposes of aged trial balance reporting. 

Defaulting Purchaser means, subject to Section 2.06(b), any Purchaser that (a) has failed to
(i) fund all or any portion of its Investments within two Business Days of the date such Investments were required to be funded hereunder unless such Purchaser notifies the Administrative Agent and the Seller in writing that such failure is the
result of such Purchasers determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or
(ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Seller or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does
not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Purchasers obligation to fund an Investment hereunder and states that such
position is based on such Purchasers determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be
satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Seller, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Seller that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations
hereunder (provided that such Purchaser shall cease to be a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Seller), or (d) has, or has a direct
or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar
Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Purchaser shall not be a Defaulting Purchaser solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Purchaser or any direct or indirect parent company
thereof by an Official Body so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Purchaser with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its
assets or permit such Purchaser (or such Official Body) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Purchaser. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser under
any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Purchaser shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Purchaser (subject to Section 2.06(b)) upon
delivery of written notice of such determination to the Seller and each Purchaser. 

10 

Delinquency Ratio means the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded
to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables that were Delinquent Receivables on such day,
by (b) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables on such day. 

Delinquent Receivable means
a Receivable as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than ninety (90) days from the original date of the invoice; provided, however, that such amount shall be calculated without giving effect to any
netting of credits that have not been matched to a particular Receivable for the purposes of aged trial balance reporting. 

Dilution has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(d)(i). 

Dilution Horizon Ratio means, for any Fiscal Month, the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th
of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed as of the last day of such Fiscal Month by dividing: (a) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables (other than Unbilled Receivables) generated by the Originators
during such Fiscal Month, by (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of the last day of such Fiscal Month. Within thirty (30) days of the completion and the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the results of any annual audit or
field exam of the Receivables and the servicing and origination practices of the Servicer and the Originators, the numerator of the Dilution Horizon Ratio may be adjusted by the Administrative Agent upon not less than five (5) Business
Days notice to the Seller to reflect such number of Fiscal Months as the Administrative Agent reasonably believes best reflects the business practices of the Servicer and the Originators and the actual amount of Dilution and Deemed Collections
that occur with respect to Pool Receivables based on the weighted average dilution lag calculation completed as part of such audit or field exam. 

Dilution Ratio means, for any Fiscal Month, the ratio (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%,
with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward), computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing: (a) the aggregate amount of Dilution during such Fiscal Month by (b) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool
Receivables (other than Unbilled Receivables) generated by the Originators during such Fiscal Month. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Dilution Ratio as determined under the method above would be less than one percent (1.00%), such rate shall be
deemed to be one percent (1.00%) for purposes of this Agreement. 

Dilution Reserve Percentage means, at any time, the
product (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) of (a) the Dilution Horizon Ratio, multipliedby (b) the sum of (x) 2.00 times the average Dilution Ratio during
the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months, plus (y) the Dilution Volatility Component. 

11 

Dilution Volatility Component means, for any Fiscal Month, the quotient
(expressed as a percentage) and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) of (a) the highest Dilution Ratio for any Fiscal Month during the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months dividedby
(b) the average of the Dilution Ratios for such twelve (12) Fiscal Months. 

Distribution Date means each
Business Day upon which the conditions set forth in Section 5.03 are satisfied. 

Dollars and
$ each mean the lawful money of the United States of America. 

Drawn Fee has the meaning assigned in
the applicable Fee Letter. 

EBITDA has the meaning assigned to such term in the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the
time of determination. 

EDGAR means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system maintained by the SEC.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member
Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Federal Funds Rate means for any day the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and
rounded upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1% announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the
previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Effective Federal
Funds Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided that if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Effective Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the Effective Federal
Funds Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Effective Federal Funds Rate as determined under any method above would be less than zero percent (0.00%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero
percent (0.00%) for purposes of this Agreement. 

12 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an
assignee under Section 12.06(b)(iv), (v) and (vi) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 12.06(b)(iii)). 

Eligible Credit Insurance means a Credit Insurance Policy issued by an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, which policy
(a) is a Credit Insurance Policy that the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) has approved in writing, (b) is in full force and effect, and (c) with respect to which, all due and payable premiums have been paid in full. For
the avoidance of doubt, if the Credit Insurer of such a Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider, such policy shall cease to constitute Eligible Credit Insurance unless, with respect to any Credit Insurance Policy
issued by multiple insurance providers, the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) elects to apply a weighted average rating to such insurer group, elects to apply a proportionate reduction in the Insured Amount with respect to receivables
insured by such insurer or otherwise consents in writing. 

Eligible Credit Insurance Provider means an insurance
company in the business of issuing commercial credit insurance, which has not had any credit rating assigned to it by any of Moodys, Standard Poors or A.M. Best Company, Inc. reduced by two or more ratings notches since the
time any Credit Insurance Policy written by such Credit Insurer became Eligible Credit Insurance hereunder; provided, that, with respect to any Credit Insurance Policy issued by multiple insurance providers, the Administrative Agent may
elect (in its sole discretion) to treat such syndicate as a single insurer and apply a weighted average credit rating. 

Eligible
Receivable means, at any time, a Pool Receivable: 

(a) the Obligor of which is: (i) a U.S. Obligor; (ii) not an
Official Body (other than a U.S. federal, state or local Official Body); (iii) not subject to any Relief Proceeding; (iv) not a Sanctioned Person; (v) not an Affiliate of any Seller-Related Party; (vi) not the Obligor with respect to
Delinquent Receivables with an aggregate Outstanding Balance exceeding 50% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all such Obligors Pool Receivables; (vii) not a natural person; and (viii) not a material supplier to any Originator
or an Affiliate of a material supplier to an Originator; 

(b) for which a Relief Proceeding shall not have occurred with respect to the
Obligor thereof or any other Person obligated thereon or owning any Related Security with respect thereto; 

(c) (i) that is denominated
and payable only in U.S. Dollars (USD), and (ii) the Obligor with respect to which has been instructed to remit Collections in respect thereof directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account in the United
States of America; 

(d) that does not have a due date which is more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the original invoice
date of such Receivable; 

(e) that, if such Pool Receivable is an Unbilled Receivable, no more than 30 days have passed since such Pool
Receivable was created; 

13 

(f) that (i) arises under a Contract for the sale of goods or services in the ordinary
course of the applicable Originators business and (ii) does not constitute a loan or other similar financial accommodation being provided by the applicable Originator; 

(g) that arises under a duly authorized Contract that (i) is in full force and effect, (ii) is governed by the law of the United
States of America or any state thereof, (iii) is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and
(iv) the payments thereunder are free and clear of any withholding Taxes or sales taxes; 

(h) that has been transferred by an
Originator to the Seller pursuant to the Transfer Agreement with respect to which transfer all conditions precedent under the Transfer Agreement have been met; 

(i) that, together with the Contract related thereto, conforms in all material respects with all applicable Laws (including any applicable
laws relating to usury, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy); 

(j) with respect to which all consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with or notices to, any
Official Body or other Person required to be obtained, effected or given by an Originator in connection with the creation of such Receivable, the execution, delivery and performance by such Originator of the related Contract or the assignment
thereof under the Transfer Agreement have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect; 

(k) that is not subject
to any existing dispute, claim, litigation, right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim, any other defense against the applicable Originator (or any assignee of such Originator) or Adverse Claim, and the
Obligor of which holds no right as against the applicable Originator to cause such Originator to repurchase the goods or merchandise, the sale of which shall have given rise to such Receivable; 

(l) that satisfies all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy; 

(m) that, together with the Contract related thereto, has not been modified, waived or restructured since its creation, except as permitted
pursuant to Section 8.02; 

(n) in which the Seller owns good and marketable title, free and clear of any Adverse
Claims, and that is freely assignable (including without any consent of the related Obligor or any Official Body) and the payments thereon are free and clear of any, or increased to account for any, applicable withholding taxes; 

(o) for which the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) shall have a valid and enforceable first priority perfected security
interest therein and in the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim; 

14 

(p) that (x) constitutes an account or general intangible (as
defined in the UCC), (y) is not evidenced by instruments or chattel paper and (z) does not constitute, or arise from the sale of, as-extracted collateral (as defined in the UCC); 

(q) that is neither a Defaulted Receivable nor a Delinquent Receivable; 

(r) for which no Seller-Related Party has established any offset or netting arrangements (including customer deposits and advance payments
(including payments relating to unearned revenues)) with the related Obligor in connection with the ordinary course of payment of such Receivables; provided that only the portion of such Receivable in an amount equal to the outstanding amount
of such offset or netting arrangements shall be ineligible; 

(s) that represents amounts earned and payable by the Obligor that are not
subject to the performance of additional services by the Originator thereof or by the Seller and the related goods or merchandise shall have been shipped and/or services performed; 

(t) which (i) does not arise from a sale of accounts made as part of a sale of a business or constitute an assignment for the purpose of
collection only, (ii) is not a transfer of a single account made in whole or partial satisfaction of a preexisting indebtedness or an assignment of a right to payment under a contract to an assignee that is also obligated to perform under the
contract and (iii) is not a transfer of an interest in or an assignment of a claim under a policy of insurance; 

(u) which does not
relate to the sale of any consigned goods or finished goods which have incorporated any consigned goods into such finished goods; 

(v) for
which the related Originator has recognized the related revenue on its financial books and records in accordance with GAAP; and 

(w) for
which neither the related Originator nor any Affiliate thereof is holding any deposits received by or on behalf of the related Obligor; provided that only the portion of such Pool Receivable in an amount equal to such deposits shall be
ineligible. 

Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit means, with respect to any Pool Receivables of an Obligor, an
unconditional (except for any draft or documentation required to be presented as a condition to drawings thereunder), irrevocable standby or commercial letter of credit, at all times in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, issued or confirmed by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider, which letter of credit (i) supports the payment of such Pool Receivables, (ii) names the Originator of such Pool Receivables as the sole
beneficiary thereof, (iii) is payable in U.S. dollars and (iv) unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrative Agent, by its terms requires proceeds of all drawings thereunder to be sent by the issuer thereof (or, if applicable,
the confirming bank) directly to a Lock-Box Account designated therein. 

Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit Provider means either (a) a bank whose short-term debt is rated at least A-2 by S&P and P-2 by
Moodys or (b) any other bank approved in writing by the Administrative Agent. 

15 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of
capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such
Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other
interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 

ERISA Event means (a) with respect to a Pension Plan, a reportable event under Section 4043 of ERISA as to which
event (after taking into account notice waivers provided for in the regulations) there is a duty to give notice to the PBGC; (b) a withdrawal by Seller or any member of the ERISA Group from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA
during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial
withdrawal by Seller or any member of the ERISA Group from a Multiemployer Plan, notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent, or occurrence of an event described in Section 4041A(a) of ERISA that results in the termination of a
Multiemployer Plan; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(e) of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a
Pension Plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) the determination that
any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of
ERISA; or (g) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Seller or any member of the ERISA Group. 

ERISA Group means, at any time, the Seller and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or
businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all other entities which, together with the Seller, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 

Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(a). 

Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 

Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 

16 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 10.13(d). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule
means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Investment Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Event of Default means any of the events described in Section 9.01. For the avoidance of doubt,
any Event of Default that occurs shall be deemed to be continuing at all times thereafter unless and until waived in accordance with Section 12.01. 

Excess Concentration means the sum of the following amounts, without duplication: 

(a) the sum of the amounts calculated for each of the Obligors equal to the excess (if any) of (x) the aggregate Unsupported Outstanding
Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor, over (y) the product of (A) such Obligors Concentration Percentage, multipliedby (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then
in the Receivables Pool; plus 

(b) the sum of the amounts calculated for each of the Payment Obligors equal to the excess (if any) of
(x) the aggregate Supported Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables which are supported by Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued or confirmed by such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider, over (y) the product
of (A) such Payment Obligors Concentration Percentage, multipliedby (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables then in the Receivables Pool. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Purchaser, its applicable Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the
case of a Purchaser, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Purchaser with respect to an applicable interest in an Investment or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Purchaser becomes a Purchaser (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Seller under Section 4.04) or (ii) such Purchaser changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that,
pursuant to Section 4.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Purchasers assignor immediately before such Purchaser became a party hereto or to such Purchaser immediately before it changed
its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 4.03(g), and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA (except to the extent imposed due to the
failure of the Seller to provide documentation or information to the IRS). 

Facility Limit means $150,000,000250,000,000, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.02(e). References to the unused portion of the Facility Limit mean, at any time, an amount equal to (x) the Facility Limit
at such time, minus (y) the Aggregate Capital at such time. 

17 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of
this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to
Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices implemented to give effect to any such
intergovernmental agreements, or any treaty or convention among Official Bodies and implementing the foregoing. 

Federal Reserve
Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any entity succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

Fee Letter has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a). 

Fees has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a). 

Female Representation KPI means KPI 2: Female
Representation in Corporate Officer Positions as set forth on Schedule IV.

Final Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date that is sixty (60) days following the
Scheduled Termination Date, and (b) the Termination Date unless such Termination Date occurs solely as a result of the Scheduled Termination Dates occurrence. 

Final Payout Date means the date on or after the Termination Date when (i) the Aggregate Capital and Aggregate Yield
have been paid in full, (ii) all Seller Obligations shall have been paid in full, (iii) all other amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents have been paid in full and (iv) all accrued
Servicing Fees have been paid in full. 

Financial Officer means the chief executive officer, chief financial officer,
treasurer or controller of Kinetik. 

Fiscal Month means each calendar month. 

Fiscal Quarter means each three-month period ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31. 

Foreign Purchaser means (i) if the Seller is a U.S. Person, a Purchaser that is not a U.S. Person, and (ii) if
the Seller is not a U.S. Person, a Purchaser that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Seller is resident for tax purposes. 

Frontier
Collection Account means that Collection Account owned by Frontier Field Services, LLC ending in XX6062.

Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or
otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

18 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as are in effect from
time to time, subject to the provisions of Section 1.03, and applied on a consistent basis both as to classification of items and amounts. 

Government Official means any officer, employee, official, representative, or any Person acting for or on behalf of any
Official Body, government-owned or government-controlled association, organization, business, or enterprise, or public international organization, any political party or official thereof and any candidate for political office. 

Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor means any Payment Obligor (or its
parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Payment Obligor is not rated) with: 

(a) a short-term rating of at least A-1 (in the case of a Group A Obligor), A-2 (in the case of a Group B Obligor) or A-3 (in the case
of a Group C Obligor), in any case, by S&P, or if such Payment Obligor does not have a short-term rating from S&P, a rating of at least A+ (in the case of a Group A Obligor), BBB+ (in the case of a Group B Obligor) or
BBB- (in the case of a Group C Obligor), in any case, or better by S&P on such Payment Obligors, its parents, or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured
and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and

(b) a short-term rating of at least
P-1 (in the case of a Group A Obligor), P-2 (in the case of a Group B Obligor) or P-3 (in the
case of a Group C Obligor), in any case, by Moodys, or if such Payment Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moodys, a rating of at least A1 (in the case of a Group A Obligor), Baa1 (in the case of a
Group B Obligor) or Baa3 (in the case of a Group C Obligor), in any case, or better by Moodys on such Payment Obligors, its parents or its majority owners (as applicable) long-term senior unsecured and
uncredit-enhanced debt securities; 

provided, however, if such Payment Obligor is rated by only one of S&P or
Moodys, then such Payment Obligor will be a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor (as the case may be) if it satisfies either clause (a) or clause (b) above; provided, further, that if such
Payment Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Payment Obligor is not rated) has split ratings from S&P and Moodys, then such Payment Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to
have only the lower of the two ratings for the purpose of determining whether such Payment Obligor satisfies clause (a) or (b) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Payment Obligor that is a Subsidiary of a Payment Obligor
that satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor (as the case may be) shall be deemed to be a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor (as the case may be) and shall be aggregated with its parent
Payment Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of determining the Concentration Reserve Percentage unless such Subsidiary of a Payment Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or
Group C Obligor (as the case may be), in which case such Payment Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor (as the case may be), as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such
purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are also Payment Obligors. 

19 

Group D Obligor means any Obligor that is not a Group A Obligor, Group B
Obligor or Group C Obligor; provided, that any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is unrated) that is unrated by both Moodys and S&P shall be a Group D Obligor. 

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(a). 

Guaranty means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any
liability or obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly. The amount of obligations under a Guaranty shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or
portion thereof, in respect of which such Guaranty is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. 

Indebtedness means, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or
unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of (a) borrowed money, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments,
(c) obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, (d) obligations under any currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement or other interest rate or
currency risk management device, (e) any other transaction (including without limitation forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into
by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements (but not including trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness and
which are not more than sixty (60) days past due), (f) any Guaranty of Indebtedness of a type referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above, and (g) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses
(a) through (f) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person,
whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to
the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

Indemnified Taxes means (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by
or on account of any obligation of Seller-Related Party under any Transaction Document and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in the preceding clause (i), Other Taxes. 

Independent Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(c). 

Information has the meaning set forth in Section 12.08(a). 

20 

Initial Schedule of Sold Receivables means the schedule identifying all
Sold Receivables as of the Closing Date, which list the Seller delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers on or prior to the Closing Date. 

Insured Amount means, with respect to any Insured Receivable, the excess, if any, of (a) the Outstanding Balance of
such Receivable, over (b) the total amount of deductibles and coinsurance with respect to a claim in an amount equal to the Outstanding Balance of such Insured Receivable and such other amounts as determined by the Administrative Agent (in its
sole and absolute discretion) likely to diminish any recovery for a related claim under the related Eligible Credit Insurance (including, without limitation, fees associated with claims, any discount to present value based on the expected timing of
such recovery, other haircut amounts based on the likelihood of recovery under the related Eligible Credit Insurance or proportionate reductions in circumstances in which a Credit Insurance Policy is issued by multiple insurers and one
or more insurers in the syndicate (considered individually) is not an Eligible Credit Insurance Provider). 

Insured
Receivable means each Receivable of an Obligor for which the Outstanding Balance (when aggregated with each other Receivables owing by such Obligor that was originated prior to such Receivable) is equal to or less than the then-effective
maximum amount available for payments established for such Obligor for all claims relating to such Obligor during the related policy period under and pursuant to Eligible Credit Insurance; provided, that no Receivable shall constitute an
Insured Receivable at any time the Credit Insurance Policy relating thereto shall cease to constitute Eligible Credit Insurance. 

Intended Tax Treatment has the meaning set forth in Section 12.11. 

International Trade Laws means all Laws relating to economic and financial sanctions, trade embargoes, export controls,
customs and anti-boycott measures. 

Investment means any payment of Capital by a Purchaser to the Seller pursuant to
Section 2.02. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

Investment Request means a letter in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto delivered by the Seller to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(a). 

IRS means the United States Internal
Revenue Service. 

KHLP Collection Account means that certain Collection Account owned by Kinetik ending in XX0978. 

Kinetik has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Kinetik Group has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(c). 

KPI Metric means each of the Female Representation KPI and the
Methane Emissions KPI.

21 

KPI Metrics Report means an annual report (it being understood that this
annual report may take the form of the annual Sustainability Report) that sets forth reasonably detailed calculations for eachthe Methane Emissions KPI Metric for the most recently ended calendar year, in each case including whether the relevant Sustainability Performance Target for such KPI Metric has been achieved for such calendar year. 

Law means any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, release,
ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award, or any settlement arrangement, by agreement, consent or otherwise, of any Official Body, foreign or domestic. 

LCR Security means any commercial paper or security (other than equity securities issued to any Person that is a
consolidated subsidiary of Kinetikunder GAAP) within the meaning of Paragraph __.32(e)(viii) of the final rules titled Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Liquidity Risk Measurement Standards, 79 Fed. Reg. 197, 61440 et seq. (October 10, 2014). 

Lending Office means, as to the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser, the office or offices of such Person described as
such in such Purchasers Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Seller and the Administrative Agent. 

Leverage Ratio means, as of the date of determination, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Net Indebtedness on the date of
such calculation to (ii) EBITDA for the 12-month period ending on immediately before such date. 

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security
arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and any
filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists at the time of the filing). 

Linked Account means any controlled disbursement account, controlled balance account or other deposit account maintained by
a Collection Account Bank for any Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof and linked to any Collection Account by a zero-balance account connection or other automated funding mechanism or controlled
balance arrangement. 

LLC Division means, in the event a Person is a limited liability company, (a) the division
of such Person into two or more newly formed limited liability companies (whether or not such Person is a surviving entity following any such division) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act or any similar provision under any similar act governing limited liability companies organized under the Laws of any other State or Commonwealth or of the District of Columbia, or (b) the adoption of a plan contemplating,
or the filing of any certificate with any applicable Official Body that results or may result in, any such division. 

Lock-Box means each locked postal box associated with any Collection Account for the purpose of retrieving and processing payments made on the Pool Receivables and which is listed on Schedule II (as
such schedule may be modified from time to time in connection with the addition or removal of any Lock-Box in accordance with the terms hereof). 

22 

Loss Horizon Ratio means, at any time, the ratio (expressed as a
percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) computed as of the last day of each Fiscal Month by dividing: 

(a) the aggregate initial Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables generated by the Originators during the five (5) Fiscal Months
period most recently ended; by

(b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of such time. 

Loss Reserve Percentage means, at any time, the product (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest 1/100th of
1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) of (a) 2.0, multipliedby (b) the highest average of the Default Ratios for any three (3) consecutive Fiscal Months during the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months,
multipliedby (c) the Loss Horizon Ratio. 

Material Adverse Effect means relative to any Person
(provided that if no particular Person is specified, Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to be relative to all Seller-Related Parties individually and in the aggregate with respect to any event or circumstance, a material
adverse effect on any of the following: 

(a) the assets, operations, business or financial condition of any of such Person 

(b) the ability of any such Person to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party;

(c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; 

(d) the validity, enforceability, value or collectability of any material portion of the Supporting Assets; 

(e) the status, perfection, enforceability or priority of the Administrative Agents security interest in the Supporting Assets; or 

(f) the rights and remedies of any Purchaser Party under the Transaction Documents or associated with its interests in the Supporting Assets.

Methane Emissions KPI means
KPI 1:Methane emission intensity as set forth on Schedule IV. 

Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage means, at any time, the product (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest
1/100th of 1%, with 5/1000th of 1% rounded upward) of (a) the average of the Dilution Ratios for the twelve (12) most recent Fiscal Months, multiplied by (b) the Dilution Horizon Ratio. 

23 

Minimum Funding Threshold means, on any day, an amount equal to the
lesser of (a) the product of (i) 75%, times (ii) the Facility Limit at such time and (b) the Capital Coverage Amount at such time. 

Monthly Report means a report regarding the Pool Receivables and the transactions contemplated hereby, substantially in the
form of Exhibit E. 

Monthly Settlement Date means the 22nd day of each calendar month (or if such day is not a
Business Day, the next occurring Business Day). 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any
successor thereto that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 

Multiemployer Plan means any
employee pension benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and to which the Seller or any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions
or, within the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or had an obligation to make such contributions, or to which the Seller or any member of the ERISA Group has any liability (contingent or otherwise). 

Net Receivables Pool Balance means, at any time: (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables
then in the Receivables Pool, minus (b) the Excess Concentration. 

Non-Consenting Purchaser means any Purchaser that does not approve any consent,
waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all or all affected Purchasers in accordance with the terms of Section 12.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Purchasers. 

Non-Defaulting Purchaser means, at any time, each Purchaser that is not a
Defaulting Purchaser at such time. 

Obligor means, with respect to any Receivable, the Person obligated to make
payments pursuant to the Contract relating to such Receivable. 

Obligor Percentage means, at any time, for each Payment
Obligor, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Payment Obligor and its Affiliates less the amount (if any) then included in the calculation of
the Excess Concentration with respect to such Payment Obligor and its Affiliates and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Official Body means the government of the United States of America or of any other nation, or of any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 

24 

Originator means each Person from time to time party to the Transfer
Agreement as an Originator thereunder. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under,
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Investment or Transaction Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Transaction Document, except any such Taxes
that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 4.04). 

Outstanding Balance means, at any time, with respect to any Receivable, the then outstanding principal balance thereof.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight
eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the
next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate);
provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason,
no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then
such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Seller. 

Parent means Kinetik Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 12.06(d). 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 12.06(d). 

25 

Payment Obligor means an Obligor or, if the payment obligations of such
Obligor with respect to any Pool Receivables of such Obligor are supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, the Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider with respect to such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit; provided, that
if any Pool Receivable is partially supported by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, then Payment Obligor means (i) with respect to the Unsupported Outstanding Balance of such Pool Receivable, the Obligor of such Pool
Receivable and (ii) with respect to the Supported Outstanding Balance of such Pool Receivable, the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider. 

Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(a). 

Permitted Holders means, collectively, (a) the Blackstone Funds, and any of their Affiliates, controlled investment
vehicles, and any fund managed or administered by the Blackstone Funds or any of their Affiliates, (b) ISQ Global Infrastructure Fund II L.P., and any of its Affiliates, controlled investment vehicles, and any fund managed or administered by
such Person or any of its Affiliates, and (c) Apache Corporation, and any of its Affiliates, controlled investment vehicles, and any fund managed or administered by such Person or any of its Affiliates; provided, however, in all
cases under clauses (a) and (b) above, excluding any operating portfolio companies of the foregoing. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any
successor. 

Pension Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA) (including a multiple employer plan as described in Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under
Section 412 or Section 430 of the Code and either (a) is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group, (b) has at any time within the preceding five years
been sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group, or in the case of a multiple employer or other
plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years or (c) or to which the Seller or any member of the ERISA Group may have any liability (contingent or
otherwise). 

Performance Guarantor means Kinetik. 

Performance Guaranty means the Performance Guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, by the Performance Guarantor in favor of
the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited
liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Official Body or other entity. 

Plan means
any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Seller or any member of the ERISA Group or any such Plan to which the Seller or any member of the ERISA Group is
required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees or with respect to which the Seller may have any liability (contingent or otherwise). 

26 

Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially
similar electronic transmission system. 

PNC has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Pool Receivable means a Receivable in the Receivables Pool. 

Pool Report means each Monthly Report and Weekly Report (if any). 

Potential Default means any event or condition which with notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of
Default. 

Purchasers means the financial institutions named on Schedule I and their respective successors and
assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Purchaser. 

Purchaser Party means each
Purchaser, the Structuring Agent and the Administrative Agent. 

Pricing Certificate means a certificate substantially
in the form as Exhibit J executed by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer and attaching (a) true and correct copies of the KPI Metrics Report for the most recently ended calendar year and setting forth the Sustainability Rate Adjustment
and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment for the period covered thereby and (b) a confirmation from the Sustainability Assurance Provider as to whether the relevant
Sustainability Performance Target for such KPI Metrichas been achieved for such calendar year. 

Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(d). 

Prime Rate means the interest rate per annum announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent at its main offices in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as its then prime rate, which rate may not be the lowest or most favorable rate then being charged to commercial borrowers or others by the Administrative Agent and may not be tied to any external rate of interest or index.
Any change in the Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change is announced. 

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning set forth in Section 12.15. 

Receivable means any right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, owed to any
Originator or the Seller (as assignee of an Originator), whether constituting an account, chattel paper, payment intangible, instrument or general intangible, in each instance arising in connection with the sale of goods that have been or are to be
sold or for services rendered or to be rendered, and includes the obligation to pay any service charges, finance charges, interest, fees and other charges with respect thereto. Any such right to payment arising from any one transaction, including
any such right to payment represented by an individual invoice or agreement, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of any such right to payment arising from any other transaction. 

27 

Receivables Pool means, at any time, all of the then outstanding
Receivables transferred (or purported to be transferred) to the Seller pursuant to the Transfer Agreement (including both Sold Receivables and Unsold Receivables). 

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Purchaser, as applicable. 

Reduction Notice means a letter in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto delivered by the Seller to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(d). 

Register has the meaning set forth in
Section 12.06(c). 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Related Rights has the meaning set forth in the Transfer Agreement. 

Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable: 

(a) all of the Sellers (including as assignee of each Originator) interest in any goods (including Returned Goods), and documentation of
title evidencing the shipment or storage of any goods (including Returned Goods), the sale of which gave rise to such Receivable; 

(b) all
instruments and chattel paper that may evidence such Receivable; 

(c) all letter of credit rights, other security interests or liens and
property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all UCC financing statements or similar filings relating thereto;

(d) all of the Sellers (including as assignee of each Originator) rights, interests and claims under the related Contracts and all
guaranties, indemnities, insurance (including Credit Insurance and Credit Insurance Policies) and other agreements (including the related Contract) or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such
Receivable (including all Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit, if any) or otherwise relating to such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise; 

(e) all books and records of the Seller (including as assignee of each Originator) to the extent related to any of the foregoing, and all
rights, remedies, powers, privileges, title and interest (but not obligations) in and to each Lock-Box and Collection Account, into which any Collections or other proceeds with respect to such Receivables may
be deposited, and any related investment property acquired with any such Collections or other proceeds (as such term is defined in the applicable UCC); 

(f) all of the Sellers rights, interests and claims under the Transfer Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; and 

28 

(g) all Collections and other proceeds (as defined in the UCC) of such Receivable or any of
the foregoing. 

Release has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

Relief Proceeding means any proceeding seeking a decree or order for relief in respect of any Seller-Related Party or
Subsidiary of a Seller-Related Party in a voluntary or involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, sequestrator, conservator (or similar official) of any Seller-Related Party or Subsidiary of a Seller-Related Party for any substantial part of its property, or for the winding-up or
liquidation of its affairs, or an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. 

Removal Effective Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 10.06(b). 

Reportable Compliance Event means that: (a) any Covered
Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint, or similar charging instrument, arraigned, custodially detained, penalized or the subject of an assessment for a penalty, by, or enters into a settlement with an
Official Body in connection with any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or any predicate crime to any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law, or has knowledge of facts or
circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations represents a violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (b) any Covered Entity engages in a transaction
that has caused or would cause any Person hereunder (including the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers, and any underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise) to be in violation of any International Trade Law or Anti-Corruption Law, including a
Covered Entitys use of any proceeds of the Investments hereunder to directly or indirectly fund any activities or business of, with, or for the benefit of any Person that is a Sanctioned Person, or to fund or facilitate any activities or
business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (c) any Seller Collateral qualifies as Blocked Property; or (d) any Covered Entity otherwise violates, or reasonably believes that it will violate, any of the International Trade Law- or Anti-Corruption Law-specific representations and covenants herein. 

Required Capital Amount means $6,000,000. 

Required Purchasers means: 

(a) if there exists fewer than three (3) Purchasers, all Purchasers (other than any Defaulting Purchaser); and 

(b) if there exist three (3) or more Purchasers, Purchasers (other than any Defaulting Purchaser) having more than 50% of the aggregate
amount of the Commitments of the Purchasers (excluding any Defaulting Purchaser) or, after termination of the Commitments, the outstanding Capital of the Purchasers (excluding any Defaulting Purchaser). 

Resignation Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(a). 

29 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect
to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Restricted Payments has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.01(r)(i). 

Returned Goods means all right, title and interest in and to returned,
repossessed or foreclosed goods and/or merchandise the sale of which gave rise to a Receivable. 

Revolving Credit
Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2022, by and among, inter alia, Kinetik as Borrower, Parent, as Guarantor, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent (as defined therein, among other roles)
and the other lenders and financial institutions that are parties thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto that is a nationally
recognized statistical rating organization. 

Sanctioned Jurisdiction means, at any time, a country, area, territory, or
jurisdiction that is the subject or target of comprehensive U.S. sanctions. 

Sanctioned Person means any Person that is
(a) located in, organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction; (b) identified on any sanctions-related list maintained by any Compliance Authority; or (c) owned 50% or more, in the aggregate,
directly or indirectly by, controlled by, or acting for, on behalf of, or at the direction of, one or more Persons described in clauses (a) or (b) above. 

Scheduled Termination Date means
April
1March 31, 20252026. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any
governmental agency(ies) substituted therefor. 

Secured Parties means each Purchaser Party, each Seller Indemnified
Party and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 10.05. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933. 

Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Seller Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(i)(i). 

Seller Guaranty has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(a). 

Seller Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02. 

Seller Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 11.02. 

30 

Seller Obligations means all present and future indebtedness,
reimbursement obligations, and other liabilities and obligations (howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or due or to become due) of the Seller to any Secured Party, arising under or in
connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, and shall include all Capital and Yield, all Fees and all other amounts due or to become due under the Transaction Documents
(whether in respect of fees, costs, expenses, indemnifications or otherwise), including interest, yield, fees and other obligations that accrue after the commencement of any Relief Proceeding with respect to the Seller (in each case whether or not
allowed as a claim in such proceeding). 

Seller-Related Party means each of the Seller, the Servicer, the Performance
Guarantor, the Originators and any other Affiliate of Kinetik from time to time party to any Transaction Document. 

Sellers
Net Worth means, at any time, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Pool Receivables at such time, minus (ii) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Capital at such time, plus (B) the Aggregate
Yield at such time, plus (C) the aggregate accrued and unpaid Fees at such time, plus (D) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Subordinated Loans at such time, plus (E) the aggregate accrued and
unpaid interest on all Subordinated Loans at such time, plus (F) without duplication, the aggregate accrued and unpaid other Seller Obligations at such time. 

Servicer means Kinetik. 

Servicer Indemnified Amounts has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03. 

Servicer Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 11.03. 

Servicing Fee means the fee referred to in Section 8.06(a). 

Servicing Fee Rate means 1% per annum. 

Settlement Date means (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Termination Date has
not occurred, each Monthly Settlement Date and (ii) on and after the Termination Date or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each day selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the
Administrative Agent may select such Settlement Date to occur as frequently as daily), or, in the absence of such selection, the Monthly Settlement Date. 

SOFR means, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Adjustment means ten
(10) basis points per annum (0.10%). 

SOFR Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to zero basis points
(0.00%). 

SOFR Reserve Percentage means, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day, if any,
as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including, without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR
funding. 

31 

Sold Assets has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.01(b). 

Sold Receivables means, collectively, (i) the Pool Receivables
specified as Sold Receivables on the Initial Schedule of Sold Receivables, (ii) all additional Pool Receivables specified as Sold Receivables on the Investment Requests delivered with respect to all subsequent
Investments made hereunder and (iii) all additional Pool Receivables designated as Sold Receivables and transferred by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.01(b) in connection with a Release as contemplated by
the first paragraph in Section 3.01(a). 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person on any
date of determination, taking into account any right of reimbursement, contribution or similar right available to such Person from other Persons, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total
amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its
debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such
Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not
about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. In computing
the amount of contingent liabilities at any time, it is intended that such liabilities will be computed at the amount which, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to
become an actual or matured liability. 

Statements has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02(y). 

Structuring Agent means PNC Capital Markets LLC, a Pennsylvania limited
liability company. 

Sub-Servicer has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.01(d). 

Subordinated Loan has the meaning set forth in the Transfer Agreement. 

Subordinated Loan Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Transfer Agreement. 

Subsidiary means, as to any Person, any corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity
(a) of which more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities or other interests normally entitled to vote for the election of one or more directors or trustees (regardless of any contingency which does or may suspend or dilute the voting
rights) is at such time owned directly or indirectly by such Person or one or more of such Persons Subsidiaries, or (b) which is Controlled or capable of being Controlled by such Person or one or more of such Persons Subsidiaries.

32 

Supported Outstanding Balance means, for any Receivable at any time that
is supported in whole or in part by an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, the lesser of (a) the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and (b) the face amount of such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit. 

Supported QFC has the meaning set forth in Section 12.15. 

Supporting Assets means all Sold Assets and all Seller Collateral. 

Surviving Collection Accounts means those Collection Accounts ending in XX2283, XX4155 and XX2521. 

Sustainability Assurance Provider means, (a) as designated from time to time by the Servicer, a qualified external
reviewer, independent of the Servicer, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor, environmental consultant and/or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing or (b) another firm designated by the Servicer and approved by the
Required Purchasers which, in each case, shall apply substantially the same attestation standards and methodology used in applicable reporting criteria, except for any changes to such standards and/or methodology that are approved by the Servicer
and either (x) are consistent with then generally accepted industry standards or (y) if not so consistent, are approved by the Required Purchasers. 

Sustainability Fee Adjustment means, with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing
Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.02%, if neither of the Sustainability Performance Targets as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report have been satisfied for the relevant calendar year, (b) 0.00% if only one of the Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report has not been satisfied for the relevant calendar year and (cb) negative 0.02% if both ofthe Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report havehas been satisfied for the relevant calendar year. 

Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget means, for any calendar year, with respect to (a) the Female Representation KPI, the target percentage of female representation in corporate officer positions for such calendar year as set forth on Schedule IV and (b) the Methane Emissions KPI, the percentage reduction in methane emissions intensity relative to the baseline year for such calendar year as set forth on Schedule IV. 

Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a). 

Sustainability Rate Adjustment means, with respect to any KPI Metrics Report, for any period between Sustainability Pricing
Adjustment Dates, (a) positive 0.05%, if neither ofthe Sustainability Performance Targets as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report have been satisfied for the relevant
calendar year, (b) 0.00% if only one of the Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report has not been satisfied for the relevant calendar year and (cb) negative 0.05% if both ofthe
Sustainability Performance
TargetsTarget as set forth in the KPI Metrics Report havehas been satisfied for the relevant calendar year.

Sustainability Recalculation Transaction means any acquisition, disposition, merger
or similar transaction or series of related transactions consummated by Servicer or any of its Subsidiaries whereby, as a result of the consummation of such transaction or series of related transactions, Servicer and its Subsidiaries methane
emissions intensity would reasonably be expected to be increased or decreased by 5.00% or more as compared to Servicer and its Subsidiaries methane emissions intensity immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction, as determined in
good faith by Servicer. 

33 

Sustainability Report means the annual environmental, social and
governance report publicly reported by the Servicer and published on an Internet or intranet website to which each Purchaser and the Administrative Agent have been granted access free of charge (or at the expense of the Seller). 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Official Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the Scheduled Termination Date, (b) the date on which the
Facility Limit is terminated in whole pursuant to Section 2.02(e), (c) the date on which the Termination Date is declared or deemed to have occurred under Section 9.02 and (d) the
date on which all Commitments have been reduced to zero. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark
Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any amount for which the Term SOFR Reference Rate applies, for any day in any Yield
Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agents discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a term
of one monthon the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Yield Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator, by (B) a number equal
to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date,
then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR
Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided
above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. 

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

Threshold Amount means $200,000,000. 

Total Reserves means, at any time, an amount equal to the product of (a) the sum of: (i) the Yield Reserve
Percentage, plus (ii) the greater of (x) the sum of the Concentration Reserve Percentage, plus the Minimum Dilution Reserve Percentage and (y) the sum of the Loss Reserve Percentage, plus the Dilution Reserve
Percentage, times (b) the Net Receivables Pool Balance. 

34 

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Transfer Agreement, the
Account Control Agreements, each Fee Letter, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, any Credit Insurance Policy, and all other certificates, instruments, UCC financing statements, reports, notices, agreements and documents
executed or delivered under or in connection with this Agreement. 

Transactions means the execution, delivery and
performance by the Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

Transfer
Agreement means the Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among the Servicer, the Originators and the Seller. 

Transfer Termination Event means the occurrence of any event or circumstance (including the occurrence of the
Contribution Termination Date under the Transfer Agreement) that causes any Originator to cease selling or contributing Receivables to the Seller thereunder; provided, however, that an Originator ceasing to be a party to a
Transfer Agreement with the prior written consent of the Seller and the Administrative Agent shall not constitute a Transfer Termination Event. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction. 

Unbilled Receivable means, at any time, any Receivable as to which the invoice or bill with respect thereto has not yet
been sent to the Obligor thereof. 

UK means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Undrawn Fee has the meaning set forth in the applicable Fee Letter. 

Unsold Receivables means, at any time, all Pool Receivables that are not then Sold Receivables. 

Unsupported Outstanding Balance means, for any Receivable at any time, (a) the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable
less (b) the Supported Outstanding Balance for such Receivable. 

U.S. means the United States of America. 

35 

USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Obligormeans an Obligor that is a corporation or other business organization and is organized under the laws
of the United States of America (or of a United States of America territory, district, state, commonwealth, or possession, including, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands) or any political subdivision thereof. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning set forth in Section 12.15. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(g)(ii)(2)(III). 

Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the applicable rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Weekly Report means a report regarding the aging of Pool Receivables, substantially in the form of Exhibit
E-2.

Weekly Reporting Date means the second Business Day of a week during a
period in which a Weekly Report is required. 

Withholding Agent means any Seller-Related Party and the Administrative
Agent. 

Write-down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down
and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any
other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Yield means, for any Capital and any Yield Period (or portion thereof), the amount of interest or yield accrued on such
Capital during such Yield Period (or portion thereof) in accordance with this Agreement. 

36 

Yield Period means, with respect to any Capital, (a) before the
Termination Date: (i) initially, the period commencing on the date such Capital is funded through an Investment hereunder (or in the case of any fees payable hereunder, commencing on the Closing Date) and ending on (but not including) the first
Business Day of the next succeeding calendar month and (ii) thereafter, each period commencing on the first Business Day of the applicable calendar month and ending on (but not including) the first Business Day of the next succeeding calendar
month, and (b) on and after the Termination Date, such period (including a period of one day) as shall be selected from time to time by the Administrative Agent or, in the absence of any such selection, each period commencing on the first
Business Day of the applicable calendar month and ending on (but not including) the first Business Day of the next succeeding calendar month. 

Yield Rate means, subject to Sections 2.03 and 2.04, for any day in any Yield Period for any Capital (or
portion thereof): 

(a) if no Event of Default is then continuing, the sum of (i) either (x) if the Seller has elected for such Capital
to accrue interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate during such Yield Period in accordance with Section 2.03(d)(i), the Term SOFR Rate for such day plus the SOFR Adjustment, or (y) in any other case (including if no
such election has been made), Daily 1M SOFR plus (ii) the SOFR Adjustment; or 

(b) if an Event of Default is then continuing, the
greater of (x) the sum of the Daily 1M SOFR for such day plus the SOFR Adjustment, and (y) the Base Rate for such day (in either case, plus any additional margin or spread imposed pursuant to
Section 2.03(f)).

For the avoidance of doubt, if any Capital is converted to, or deemed to be, a Base
Rate Capital pursuant to the terms hereof, the Yield Rate for such Capital shall be the Base Rate as in effect from time to time (plus any additional margin or spread imposed pursuant to Section 2.03(f)). 

Yield Reserve Percentage means at any time: 

1.50 x DSO x (BR + SFR) 

360 

where: 

BR = the Base Rate at such time;

DSO = the Days Sales Outstanding for the most recently ended Fiscal Month; and

SFR = the Servicing Fee Rate.

SECTION 1.02 Construction. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise clearly requires, the
following rules of construction shall apply to this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents: (a) references to the plural include the singular, the plural, the part and the whole and the words include,
includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation; (b) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning 

37 

and effect as the word shall; (c) the words hereof, herein, hereunder, hereto and similar terms in this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document refer to this Agreement or such other Transaction Document as a whole; (d) article, section, subsection, clause, schedule and exhibit references are to this Agreement or other Transaction Document, as the case may be,
unless otherwise specified; (e) reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns; (f) reference to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, means this Agreement or such other Transaction Document,
together with the schedules and exhibits hereto or thereto, as amended, modified, replaced, substituted for, superseded or restated from time to time (subject to any restrictions thereon specified in this Agreement or the other applicable
Transaction Document); (g) relative to the determination of any period of time, from means from and including, to means to but excluding, and through means through and
including; (h) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time; (i) the words asset and
property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights; (j) whenever the context may
require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms; (k) section headings herein and in each other Transaction Document are included for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement
or such Transaction Document; and (l) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall constitute references to Eastern Time. 

SECTION 1.03 Accounting Principles; Changes in GAAP. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all computations and
determinations as to accounting or financial matters and all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be made and prepared in accordance with GAAP (including principles of consolidation where appropriate), and all
accounting or financial terms shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms by GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date applied on a basis consistent with those used in preparing the Statements referred to in Section 6.02(y).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Transaction Document, and either the Seller or the Required
Purchasers shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers and the Seller shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of
the Required Purchasers); provided that, until so amended, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (b) the Seller shall provide to the Administrative Agent
financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 1.03 and any changes in GAAP or other accounting principles contemplated by this Section shall not affect or modify any computation or determination of the Days Sales
Outstanding, Default Ratio, Delinquency Ratio, Dilution Ratio, Total Reserves or any input to, or component of, any of the foregoing. 

SECTION 1.04 Benchmark Replacement Notification. Section 2.04(d) provides a mechanism for determining an
alternative rate of interest in the event that Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability
with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 

38 

ARTICLE II 

TERMS OF THE INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 2.01 The Investments. 

(a) Investments. Upon a request by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.02, and on the terms and subject to the
conditions hereinafter set forth, the Purchasers shall, ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments, severally and not jointly, make payments of Capital to the Seller from time to time during the period from the Closing Date to the
Termination Date. Each such payment of Capital by a Purchaser to the Seller shall constitute an Investment hereunder for all purposes. Under no circumstances shall any Purchaser be obligated to make any such Investment if any applicable condition
precedent set forth in Section 5.02 is not satisfied with respect to such Investment. 

(b) Sale of
Receivables and Other Sold Assets. In consideration of the Purchasers respective agreements to make Investments in accordance with the terms hereof, the Seller, on the Closing Date and each date on which an Investment or Release occurs,
hereby sells, assigns and transfers to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers according to their Capital as increased or reduced from time to time hereunder), all of the Sellers right, title and interest in, to and
under all of the following, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or arising (collectively, the Sold Assets): (i) all Sold Receivables, (ii) all Related Security with respect to the Sold Receivables and (iii) all
proceeds of the foregoing. Such sales, assignments and transfers by the Seller shall, in each case, occur and be deemed to occur for all purposes in accordance with the terms hereof automatically without further action, notice or consent of any
party. 

(c) Intended Characterization as a Purchase and Sale. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that each
transfer and conveyance of the Sellers right, title and interest in, to and under the Sold Assets to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers according to their Capital as increased or reduced from time to time
hereunder) pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute a purchase and sale (and not only a pledge for collateral security), and such purchase and sale of the Sold Assets hereunder shall be treated as a sale for all purposes (except as provided in
Sections 2.01(d), 2.02(d) and 12.11). For the avoidance of doubt, this clause (c) shall not be construed to limit or otherwise modify Sections 2.02(d), 2.07 or 2.08 or any rights, interests,
liabilities or obligations of any party hereunder or under any other Transaction Document. 

(d) Obligations Not Assumed.
Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the foregoing sale, assignment, transfer and conveyance set forth in Section 2.01(b) does not constitute, and is
not intended to result in, the creation or an assumption by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser of any obligation or liability of the Seller, any Originator, the Servicer, or any other Person under or in connection with all, or any portion of,
any Sold Assets, all of which shall remain the obligations and liabilities of the Seller, the Originators, the Servicer and such other Persons, as applicable. 

39 

(e) Selection, Designation and Reporting of Sold Receivables. The Seller (or
the Servicer on its behalf) shall select and identify from the Pool Receivables all Sold Receivables to be sold pursuant to Section 2.01(b) in its sole discretion; provided, however, that (i) the Seller
shall select Sold Receivables from the Pool Receivables and the Seller shall transfer pursuant to Section 2.01(b) 100% of its interest in such Sold Receivables, and (ii) the Seller shall not select Sold Receivables in
a manner that results in the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Sold Receivables exceeding the Aggregate Capital. The Seller shall maintain (or cause the Servicer to maintain) books and records sufficient to readily identify the Sold Receivables. The
Seller and Servicer shall cause (i) all Sold Receivables to be identified on each Investment Request in accordance with Section 2.02(a) and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of each Obligors Sold
Receivables to be identified on each Monthly Report delivered hereunder. 

SECTION 2.02 Making Investments; Repayment of
Investments. 

(a) Each Investment hereunder shall be made at the written request from the Seller to the Administrative Agent in the
form of an Investment Request attached hereto as Exhibit A; provided that, if the Seller enters into a separate written agreement with the Administrative Agent regarding Administrative Agents PINACLE auto-advance service (or any similar or replacement electronic loan administration service implemented by the Administrative Agent), then any request for an Investment made using such service
shall constitute an Investment Request, and each Investment made pursuant to such service shall be made on the date such Investment Request is received by the Administrative Agent. Otherwise, each such request for an Investment shall be made no
later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the proposed date of such Investment (itbeingunderstood that any such request made after such time shall be deemed to have been made on the following Business Day) and shall specify
(i) the amount of Capital investment(s) requested (which shall not be less than $1,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000), (ii) the account to which the proceeds of such Investment shall be distributed, (iii) the date such
requested Investment is to be made (which shall be a Business Day) and (iv) all Pool Receivables that are, or upon making such Investment will be, Sold Receivables. 

(b) On the date of each Investment specified in the applicable Investment Request, the Purchasers (ratably in accordance with their respective
Commitments) shall, upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 5.02 and pursuant to the other conditions set forth herein, make available to the Seller in same day funds an aggregate amount (which
shall constitute the Capital of such Investment) equal to the amount of such Investment requested, at the account set forth in the related Investment Request. 

(c) Each Purchasers obligation shall be several, such that the failure of any Purchaser to make available to the Seller any funds in
connection with any Investment shall not relieve any other Purchaser of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make funds available on the date such Investments are requested (itbeingunderstood, that no Purchaser shall be
responsible for the failure of any other Purchaser to make funds available to the Seller in connection with any Investment hereunder). 

40 

(d) The Seller shall repay in full the outstanding Capital, together with all accrued and
unpaid Yield, Fees and other Seller Obligations, of each Purchaser on the Final Maturity Date. Prior thereto, the Seller shall, on each Settlement Date, make a prepayment of the outstanding Capital of the Purchasers to the extent required to
eliminate any Capital Coverage Amount Deficit and as otherwise required under Section 3.01. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller, in its discretion, shall have the right to make a prepayment, in whole or in part, of
the outstanding Capital of the Purchasers (i) at any time when PNC (or an Affiliate thereof) is both the Administrative Agent and the sole Purchaser hereunder, and to the extent the Seller has entered into a separate written agreement with the
Administrative Agent regarding Administrative Agents PINACLE auto-advance service (or any similar or replacement electronic loan administration service implemented by the Administrative
Agent) pursuant to Section 2.02(a) hereof, on any Business Day, or (ii) upon same-day written notice no later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the proposed date of such prepayment
(itbeingunderstood that any such request made after such time shall be deemed to have been made on the following Business Day) to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Reduction Notice attached hereto as Exhibit B;
provided, however, that 

(i) each such prepayment shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of $1,000,000
and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000 (or a lesser amount if such lesser amount constitutes the entirety of the outstanding Capital), 

(ii) the Seller shall not provide any Reduction Notice, and no such Reduction Notice shall be effective, if after giving effect
thereto, the Aggregate Capital at such time would be less than an amount equal to the Minimum Funding Threshold and 

(iii)
any accrued Yield and Fees in respect of such prepaid Capital shall be paid on the immediately following Settlement Date; provided, however that notwithstanding the foregoing, a prepayment may be in an amount necessary to reduce any
Capital Coverage Amount Deficit existing at such time to zero. 

(e) The Seller may, at any time upon at least thirty (30) days
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period, if any, as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing), terminate the Facility Limit in whole or ratably reduce the Facility Limit in part. Each partial reduction in the
Facility Limit shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and no such partial reduction shall reduce the Facility Limit to an amount less than $50,000,000. In connection with any
partial reduction in the Facility Limit, the Commitment of each Purchaser shall be ratably reduced. If the Facility Limit is terminated in whole, the Commitment of each Purchaser shall be reduced to zero. 

(f) In connection with any reduction of the Commitments, the Seller shall remit to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) instructions regarding such reduction; and 

41 

(ii) for payment to the Purchasers, cash in an amount sufficient to pay
(A) Capital of each Purchaser in excess of the Commitment of such Purchaser and (B) all other outstanding Seller Obligations with respect to such reduction (determined based on the ratio of the reduction of the Commitments being effected
to the amount of the Commitments prior to such reduction or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that any portion of the outstanding Seller Obligations is allocable solely to that portion of the Commitments being reduced or has arisen
solely as a result of such reduction, all of such portion) including, without duplication, any associated indemnity payments due under Section 4.02. Upon receipt of any such amounts, the Administrative Agent shall apply
such amounts first to the reduction of the outstanding Capital, and second to the payment of the remaining outstanding Seller Obligations with respect to such reduction, including any associated indemnity payments due under
Section 4.02, by paying such amounts to the Purchasers. 

SECTION 2.03 Yield and Fees. 

(a) Fees. On each Settlement Date, the Seller shall, in accordance with the terms and priorities for payment set forth in
Section 3.01(a), pay to each Purchaser, the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent certain fees (collectively, the Fees) in the amounts set forth in the fee letter agreements from time to time
entered into, among the Seller, the Purchasers and/or the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent (each such fee letter agreement, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, is collectively referred to
herein as the Fee Letter); provided, however, that any Defaulting Purchasers right to receive Undrawn Fees shall be subject to the terms of Section 2.06. 

(b) Yield and Fees. The Capital of each Purchaser shall accrue interest on each day when such Capital remains outstanding at the
then-applicable Yield Rate for such Capital. The Seller shall pay all Yield and Fees accrued during each Yield Period on the first Settlement Date occurring after the end of such Yield Period in accordance with the terms and priorities for payment
set forth in Section 3.01(a). For the avoidance of doubt, Yield accrued during each Yield Period shall be due and payable on the first Settlement Date after such Yield Period without regard to the availability of
Collections for payment thereof. 

(c) Highest Lawful Rate. If at any time the designated rate of interest (including the Yield Rate
for such purpose) applicable to any Purchasers Capital exceeds such Purchasers highest lawful rate, the rate of interest (including the Yield Rate for such purpose) on such Purchasers Capital shall be limited to such
Purchasers highest lawful rate. 

(d) Selection of Daily 1M SOFR and Term SOFR Rate; Rate Quotations. 

(i) So long as no Event of Default is continuing, the Seller may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, elect for all
or any portion of the Aggregate Capital to accrue interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate (rather than Daily 1M SOFR) during any Yield Period. Any such notice must specify the amount of the Aggregate Capital subject of such election and must be
delivered not later than two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of the affected Yield Period. Any such portion of the Aggregate Capital that is subject to such an election shall be apportioned among the respective Purchasers Capital
ratably. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Seller shall not make such an election if, as a result thereof, more than five Capital Tranches would exist and (y) each Capital Tranche accruing interest by reference to the Term SOFR Rate

42 

shall be not be less than $1,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $100,000. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Event of Default is then continuing, the Yield Rate for any Capital shall be
determined pursuant to the definition of Yield Rate notwithstanding any otherwise applicable election by the Seller. 

(ii)
The Seller may call the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which an Investment Request is to be delivered to receive an indication of the rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the
Administrative Agent or the Purchasers nor affect the rate of interest which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made. 

(e) Conforming Changes Relating to Daily 1M SOFR and the Term SOFR Rate. With respect to Daily 1M SOFR and the Term SOFR Rate, the
Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall provide notice to the Seller
and the Purchasers each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(f) Yield and Interest After Default. To the extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and until such time
such Event of Default shall have been cured or waived, upon notice to the Seller, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent or upon written demand by the Required Purchasers to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) Yield Rate. The Yield Rate applicable to any Capital shall be increased by 2.00% per annum; 

(ii) Other Obligations. Each other obligation (other than payments in respect of Subordinated Loan) of any
Seller-Related Party hereunder if not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate plus an additional 2.00% per annum from the time such obligation becomes due and payable until the time such
obligation is paid in full; and 

(iii) Acknowledgment. The Seller acknowledges that the increase in rates referred
to in this Section 2.03(f) reflects, among other things, the fact that such Capital or other amounts have become a substantially greater risk given their default status and that the Purchasers are entitled to additional
compensation for such risk; and all such interest or yield shall be payable upon demand by Administrative Agent or (if earlier) on the first Settlement Date occurring after such interest or yield accrues. 

43 

SECTION 2.04 Daily 1M SOFR or Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable; Increased Costs;
Illegality; Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(a) Unascertainable; Increased Costs. If, on or prior to the first day of a Yield
Period: 

(i) the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error) that (x) Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof; or (y) a fundamental change has occurred with respect to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate (including, without
limitation, changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions); or 

(ii) any Purchaser
determines that for any reason that Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate for any requested Yield Period does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Purchaser of funding such Purchasers Capital, and such Purchaser has provided notice
of such determination to the Administrative Agent; 

then the Administrative Agent shall have the rights specified in
Section 2.04(c). 

(b) Illegality. If at any time any Purchaser shall have determined or any Official Body
shall have asserted that the making, maintenance or funding of any Capital (or an Investment thereof) accruing interest by reference to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate has been made impracticable or unlawful, by compliance by such Purchaser in
good faith in good faith with any Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Official Body or with any request or directive of any such Official Body (whether or not having the force of Law), then the Administrative Agent shall have the
rights specified in Section 2.04(c). 

(c) Administrative Agents and Purchasers Rights. In the
case of any event specified in Section 2.04(a), the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Purchasers and the Seller thereof, and in the case of an event specified in Section 2.04(b),
such Purchaser shall promptly so notify the Administrative Agent and endorse a certificate to such notice as to the specific circumstances of such notice, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly send copies of such notice and certificate to the
other Purchasers and the Seller. 

Upon such date as shall be specified in such notice (which shall not be earlier than the date such
notice is given), the obligation of (i) the Purchasers, in the case of such notice given by the Administrative Agent, or (ii) such Purchaser, in the case of such notice given by such Purchaser, to allow the Seller to select, convert to or
renew any Capital accruing Yield by reference to Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Yield Rate or the applicable Yield Periods) until the Administrative Agent shall have later notified the Seller,
or such Purchaser shall have later notified the Administrative Agent, of the Administrative Agents or such Purchasers, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no longer exist.

If at any time the Administrative Agent makes a determination under Section 2.04(a), (A) if the Seller has
previously delivered an Investment Request for an affected Investment that has not yet been made, such Investment Request shall be deemed to request an Investment of Base Rate Capital, (B) any outstanding affected Capital shall be deemed to
have been converted into Base Rate Capital at the end of the applicable Yield Period. 

44 

If any Purchaser notifies the Administrative Agent of a determination under
Section 2.04(b) above, the Seller shall, subject to the Sellers indemnification obligations under Section 4.02, as to any Capital of the Purchaser to which a Term SOFR Rate applies, on the
date specified in such notice either convert such Capital to Base Rate Capital or prepay such Capital. Absent due notice from the Seller of conversion or prepayment, such Capital shall automatically be converted to Base Rate Capital upon such
specified date. 

(d) Benchmark Replacement Setting. 

(i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, if a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the
definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause
(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark
setting at or after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Purchasers without any amendment to, or further
action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Purchasers comprising the
Required Purchasers. 

(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration,
adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent may make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Seller and
the Purchasers of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption, or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The
Administrative Agent will notify the Seller of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (iv) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision
or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) pursuant to this Section 2.04(d), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may
be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.04(d). 

45 

(iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate or based on a term rate and either (I) any
tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Yield
Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor; and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant
to clause (A) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will
not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Yield Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time
to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Sellers receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Seller may revoke any pending request for an Investment of Capital accruing Yield based on Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate, conversion to or continuation of Capital accruing
Yield based on Daily 1M SOFR or the Term SOFR Rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Seller will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Base Rate Capital.
During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will
not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

(vi) Definitions. As used in this
Section 2.04(d): 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest or
yield period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest
calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor of such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Yield Period
pursuant to clause (iv) of this Section 2.04(d). 

46 

Benchmark means, initially SOFR, Daily 1M SOFR and the
Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has
replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to this Section. 

Benchmark Replacementmeans, with
respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1) Daily Simple SOFR; and 

(2) the sum of (A) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Seller, giving
due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for
determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided, that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the
Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; and providedfurther, that any Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustmentmeans, with
respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has
been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Seller, giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

47 

Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time
determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or
(2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, the occurrence of one or more of the following events, with respect to the
then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by a Official Body having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, the
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

48 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or a Official Body having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark
Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Periodmeans the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction
Document in accordance with this Section 2.04(d) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in
accordance with this Section 2.04(d). 

Floor means a rate per annum equal to
zero percent. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment. 

SECTION 2.05 Records of Investments. Each Purchaser shall record in its records, the date and amount
of each Investment made by such the Purchaser hereunder, the interest or Yield Rate with respect thereto, the Yield accrued thereon and each repayment and payment thereof. Subject to Section 12.03(c), such records shall be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error. The failure to so record any such information or any error in so recording any such information shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Seller hereunder or under the other
Transaction Documents to repay the Capital of each Purchaser, together with all Yield accruing thereon and all other Seller Obligations. 

SECTION 2.06 Defaulting Purchasers

(a) Defaulting Purchaser Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Purchaser becomes a
Defaulting Purchaser, then, until such time as such Purchaser is no longer a Defaulting Purchaser, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Purchasers right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or
consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as specified in the definition of Required Purchasers. 

49 

(ii) Defaulting Purchaser Waterfall. Any payment of capital,
principal, interest, yield, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Purchaser (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or otherwise) or
received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to Section 9.02(b) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment
of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Purchaser to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Seller may request (so long as no Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Investment in respect of which such Defaulting Purchaser
has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Seller, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in
order to satisfy such Defaulting Purchasers potential future funding obligations with respect to Investments under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Purchasers as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by any Purchaser against such Defaulting Purchaser as a result of such Defaulting Purchasers breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth, so long as no Event of Default exists, to the payment of
any amounts owing to the Seller as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Seller against such Defaulting Purchaser as a result of such Defaulting Purchasers breach of its obligations under this Agreement;
and sixth, to such Defaulting Purchaser or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of Capital of any Investments in respect of which such Defaulting Purchaser has
not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Investments were made at a time when the conditions specified in Section 5.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Investments
of all Non-Defaulting Purchasers on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Investments of such Defaulting Purchaser until such time as all Investments are held by the Purchasers pro rata
in accordance with the Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Purchaser that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to this
Section 2.06(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Purchaser, and each Purchaser irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Certain Fees. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the applicable Fee Letter, no Defaulting Purchaser shall
be entitled to receive any Undrawn Fee accrued for any period during which that Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser (and the Seller shall not be required to pay any such Undrawn Fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that
Defaulting Purchaser). 

(b) Defaulting Purchaser Cure. If the Seller and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Purchaser
is no longer a Defaulting Purchaser, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions specified therein, that Purchaser will, to the extent
applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Investments of the other Purchasers or take such other actions as the 

50 

Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Investments to be held pro rata by the Purchasers in accordance with the Commitments, whereupon such Purchaser will cease to be a
Defaulting Purchaser; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Seller while that Purchaser was a Defaulting Purchaser; and provided, further,
that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Purchaser to Purchaser will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Purchasers
having been a Defaulting Purchaser. 

(c) Termination of Defaulting Purchaser. The Seller may terminate the unused amount of the
Commitment of any Defaulting Purchaser upon not less than ten (10) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Purchasers thereof), and in such event the provisions of
Section 2.06(a)(ii) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Seller for the account of such Defaulting Purchaser under this Agreement (whether on account of Capital, principal, interest, Yield, fees, indemnity or
other amounts); provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Seller, the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser
may have against such Defaulting Purchaser. 

SECTION 2.07 Security Interest.

(a) If, notwithstanding the intent of the parties stated in Section 2.01(c), the sale, assignment and transfer of
any Sold Assets to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers) hereunder (including pursuant to Section 2.01(b)) is not treated as a sale for all purposes (except as provided in Sections
2.01(d) and 12.11), then such sale, assignment and transfer of such Sold Assets shall be treated as the grant of a security interest by the Seller to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers) to secure the
payment and performance of all the Sellers obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents (including all Seller Obligations). Therefore, as security for
the performance by the Seller of all the terms, covenants and agreements on the part of the Seller to be performed under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including the punctual payment when due of the Aggregate Capital and all Yield
and all other Seller Obligations, the Seller hereby grants to the Administrative Agent for its benefit and the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing first priority security interest in, all of the Sellers right, title and
interest in, to and under all of the Sold Assets, whether now or hereafter owned, existing or hereafter arising. 

(b) The Administrative
Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have, with respect to all the Sold Assets, and in addition to all the other rights and remedies available to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), all the rights and
remedies of a secured party under any applicable UCC. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the grant of security interest pursuant to
this Section 2.07 shall be in addition to, and shall not be construed to limit or modify, the sale of Sold Assets pursuant to Section 2.01(b) or the Sellers grant of security interest
pursuant to Section 2.08, (ii) nothing in Section 2.01 shall be construed as limiting the rights, interests (including any security interest), obligations or liabilities of any party under this
Section 2.07, and (iii) subject to the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), this Section 2.07 shall not be construed to contradict the intentions of the parties set forth in
Section 2.01(c). 

51 

SECTION 2.08 Secured Guaranty by Seller.

(a) Guaranty of Payment. The Seller hereby absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Purchaser, the Administrative
Agent and the other Secured Parties the prompt payment of (i) amounts, if any, necessary to cure any Capital Coverage Amount Deficit and (ii) the repayment in full to the Purchasers of all Capital in full by the Final Maturity Date
(collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations), in each case, in full when due, whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration or otherwise (such guaranty, the Seller Guaranty). The Seller
Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection and is a continuing irrevocable guaranty and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. To the extent the obligations of the Seller hereunder in respect to the
Seller Guaranty shall be adjudicated to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including because of any applicable state or federal Law relating to fraudulent conveyances or transfers) then such obligations of the Seller shall be limited to the
maximum amount that is permissible under applicable Law (whether federal or state or otherwise and including the Bankruptcy Code and any other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws). 

(b) Unconditional Guaranty. The obligations of the Seller under the Seller Guaranty are absolute, irrevocable, and unconditional,
irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of any Guaranteed Obligations, any Contract, any Transaction Document or any other agreement or instrument referred to therein, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor. The Seller agrees that the Seller Guaranty may be enforced by the Administrative
Agent or the Purchasers without the necessity at any time of resorting to or exhausting any other security or collateral and without the necessity at any time of having recourse to any of the other Transaction Documents or any collateral, including
the Sold Assets, hereafter securing the Guaranteed Obligations, the Seller Obligations or otherwise, and the Seller hereby waives the right to require the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers to make demand on or proceed against any Obligor, any
Originator, the Servicer or the Performance Guarantor or any other Person or to require the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers to pursue any other remedy or enforce any other right. The Seller further agrees that no Person or Official Body shall
have any right to request any return or reimbursement of funds from the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers in connection with monies received under or in respect of the Seller Guaranty. The Seller further agrees that nothing contained herein
shall prevent the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers from suing on any of the other Transaction Documents or foreclosing its or their, as applicable, security interest in or lien on the Sold Assets or any other collateral securing the Guaranteed
Obligations or the Seller Obligations or from exercising any other rights available to it or them, as applicable, under any Transaction Document, or any other instrument of security and the exercise of any of the aforesaid rights and the completion
of any foreclosure proceedings shall not constitute a discharge of the Sellers obligations under the Seller Guaranty; it being the purpose and intent of the Seller that its obligations under the Seller Guaranty shall be absolute, independent
and unconditional under any and all circumstances. Neither the Seller Guaranty nor any remedy for the enforcement thereof shall be impaired, modified, changed or released in any manner whatsoever by an impairment,

52 

modification, change, release, increase or limitation of the liability of any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer or the Performance Guarantor or by reason of the bankruptcy or insolvency of
any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer or the Performance Guarantor. The Seller hereby waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension, accrual, or increase of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by
the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser on the Seller Guaranty or acceptance of the Seller Guaranty. All dealings between any Obligor, any Purchaser Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers, on the other hand, shall
be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon the Seller Guaranty. The Seller hereby represents and warrants that it is, and immediately after giving effect to the Seller Guaranty and the obligation evidenced hereby, will
be, solvent. The Seller Guaranty and the obligations of the Seller under the Seller Guaranty shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be subject to any limitation, impairment or discharge for any reason (other than payment in full of all
Guaranteed Obligations), including the occurrence of any of the following, whether or not the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser shall have had notice or knowledge of any of them: (A) any failure to assert or enforce or agreement not to
assert or enforce, or the stay or enjoining, by order of court, by operation of law or otherwise, of the exercise or enforcement of, any claim or demand or any right, power or remedy with respect to the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations or
any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any guaranty of or other security for the payment of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations, (B) any waiver, amendment or modification of, or any consent to departure from, any of the
terms or provisions (including provisions relating to Events of Default) of any Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument executed pursuant thereto, or of any guaranty or other security for the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations,
(C) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any agreement relating thereto, at any time being found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, (D) the application of payments
received from any source to the payment of Indebtedness other than the Guaranteed Obligations, even though the Administrative Agent might have elected to apply such payment to any part or all of the Guaranteed Obligations, (E) any failure to
perfect or continue perfection of a security interest in any of the Supporting Assets, (F) any defenses, set-offs or counterclaims which any Purchaser Party or any Obligor may allege or assert against the
Administrative Agent or any Purchaser in respect of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations, including failure of consideration, breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury, and
(G) any other act or thing or omission, or delay to do any other act or thing, which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Seller as an obligor in respect of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations. 

(c) Modifications. The Seller agrees that: (i) all or any part of any security interest, lien, collateral security or supporting
obligation now or hereafter held for any Guaranteed Obligation may be exchanged, compromised or surrendered from time to time; (ii) none of the Purchasers or the Administrative Agent shall have any obligation to protect, perfect, secure or
insure any security interest or lien now or hereafter held, if any, for the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) the time or place of payment of any Guaranteed Obligation may be changed or extended, in whole or in part, to a time certain or otherwise,
and may be renewed or accelerated, in whole or in part; (iv) any Obligor, any Purchaser Party and any other party (including any co-guarantor) liable for payment of any Guaranteed Obligation may be
granted indulgences generally; (v) any of the provisions of Contracts or any other agreements or documents governing or giving rise to any Guaranteed Obligation may be modified, amended or waived following an Event of Default; and

53 

(vi) any deposit balance for the credit of any Obligor, any Purchaser Party or any other party (including any co-guarantor) liable for the payment of any
Guaranteed Obligation or liable upon any security therefor may be released, in whole or in part, at, before or after the stated, extended or accelerated maturity of the Guaranteed Obligations, all without notice to or further assent by the Seller,
which shall remain bound thereon, notwithstanding any such exchange, compromise, surrender, extension, renewal, acceleration, modification, indulgence or release. 

(d) Waiver of Rights. The Seller expressly waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law: (i) notice of acceptance of
the Seller Guaranty by the Purchasers and the Administrative Agent; (ii) presentment and demand for payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) protest and notice of dishonor or of default (except as specifically
required in this Agreement) with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or with respect to any security therefor; (iv) notice of the Purchasers or the Administrative Agent obtaining, amending, substituting for, releasing, waiving or modifying
any security interest or lien, if any, hereafter securing the Guaranteed Obligations, or the Purchasers or the Administrative Agent subordinating, compromising, discharging or releasing such security interests or liens, if any; (v) all other
notices, demands, presentments, protests or any agreement or instrument related to the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations to which the Seller might otherwise be entitled; (vi) any right to require the Administrative Agent or any
Purchaser as a condition of payment or performance by the Seller, to (A) proceed against any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other Person, (B) proceed against or exhaust any other security held from
any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other Person, (C) proceed against or have resort to any balance of any deposit account, securities account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, the
Purchasers or any other Person, or (D) pursue any other remedy in the power of the Administrative Agent or the Purchasers whatsoever; (vii) any defense arising by reason of the incapacity, lack of authority or any disability or other
defense of any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other Person including any defense based on or arising out of the lack of validity or the unenforceability of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations or any
agreement or instrument relating thereto or by reason of the cessation of the liability of any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other Person from any cause other than payment in full of the Sold Assets and the
Guaranteed Obligations; (viii) any defense based upon any applicable Law which provides that the obligation of a surety must be neither larger in amount nor in other respects more burdensome than that of the principal; (ix) any defense
based upon the Administrative Agents or any Purchasers errors or omissions in the administration of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations; (x) (A) any principles or provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are
or might be in conflict with the terms of this Agreement and any legal or equitable discharge of the Sold Assets or the Guaranteed Obligations, (B) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the Sellers liability under the Seller
Guaranty or the enforcement of the Seller Guaranty, (C) any rights to set-offs, recoupments and counterclaims, and (D) promptness, diligence and any requirement that the Administrative Agent and the
Purchasers protect, secure, perfect or insure any other security interest or lien or any property subject thereto; and (xi) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by
applicable Law which limit the liability of or exonerate guarantors or sureties, or which may conflict with the terms of this Agreement and the Seller Guaranty. 

54 

(e) Reinstatement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents, the obligations of the Seller under this Section 2.08 shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and the Seller agrees that it will indemnify
Administrative Agent and each Purchaser on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of counsel) incurred by such Person in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred
in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law. 

(f) Remedies. The Seller agrees that, as between the Seller, on the one hand, and Administrative Agent and the Purchasers on the other
hand, the Guaranteed Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 9.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in
Section 9.02) notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing such Guaranteed Obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and
that, in the event of such declaration (or such Guaranteed Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such Guaranteed Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and
payable by the Seller. 

(g) Subrogation. The Seller hereby waives all rights of subrogation (whether contractual or otherwise) to
the claims of the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties against any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other Person in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations until such time as all
Guaranteed Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Final Payout Date has occurred. The Seller further agrees that, to the extent such waiver of its rights of subrogation is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
void or voidable for any reason, any rights of subrogation shall be junior and subordinate to any rights the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser may have against any Obligor, any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any other
Person in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

(h) Inducement. The Purchasers have been induced to make the Investments under
this Agreement in part based upon the Seller Guaranty that the Seller desires that the Seller Guaranty be honored and enforced as separate obligations of the Seller, should Administrative Agent and the Purchasers desire to do so. 

(i) Security Interest. 

(i) To secure the prompt payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Seller Guaranty and all other Seller
Obligations, the Seller hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in and lien upon all property and assets of the Seller, whether now or hereafter
owned, existing or arising and wherever located, including the following (collectively, the Seller Collateral): (A) all Unsold Receivables; (B) all Related Security with respect to such Unsold Receivables; (C) the
Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts and all amounts on deposit therein, and 

55 

all certificates and instruments, if any, from time to time evidencing such Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts and amounts on deposit therein; (D) all rights of the Seller under the Transfer
Agreement; (E) all other personal and fixture property or assets of the Seller of every kind and nature including all goods (including inventory, equipment and any accessions thereto), instruments (including promissory notes), documents,
accounts, chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), deposit accounts, securities accounts, securities entitlements, letter-of-credit rights, commercial tort
claims, securities and all other investment property, supporting obligations, money, any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money, insurance claims and proceeds, and all general intangibles (including all payment intangibles) (each as
defined in the UCC); and (F) all proceeds of, and all amounts received or receivable under any or all of, the foregoing. 

(ii) The Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have, with respect to all the Seller Collateral,
and in addition to all the other rights and remedies available to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), all the rights and remedies of a secured party under any applicable UCC. 

(iii) Immediately upon the occurrence of the Final Payout Date, the Seller Collateral shall be automatically released from the
lien created hereby, and this Agreement, the Seller Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Purchaser Parties hereunder shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or
performance of any act by any party, and all rights to the Seller Collateral shall revert to the Seller. 

(iv) For the
avoidance of doubt, the grant of security interest pursuant to this Section 2.08(i) shall be in addition to, and shall not be construed to limit or modify, the sale of Sold Assets pursuant to
Section 2.01(b) or the Sellers grant of security interest pursuant to Section 2.07. 

SECTION 2.09 Authorization to File Financing Statements; Further Assurances. The Seller hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
to file financing statements describing as the collateral covered thereby as all of the debtors personal property or assets or words to that effect, notwithstanding that such wording may be broader scope than the collateral
described in this Agreement. Promptly upon request, the Seller shall deliver such instruments, assignments or other documents or agreements, and shall take such actions, as the Administrative Agent deems appropriate to evidence or perfect its
ownership or security interest and lien on any of the Supporting Assets, or otherwise to give effect to the intent of Sections 2.01, 2.07 and 2.08. 

SECTION 2.10 Sustainability Adjustments. 

(a) Following the date on which the Servicer provides a Pricing Certificate in respect of the most recently ended calendar year (beginning
with the delivery of a Pricing Certificate for the calendar year 2024), (i) both the Yield Rate and the Drawn Fee shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment as
set forth in such Pricing Certificate, and (ii) the Undrawn Fee shall be increased or decreased (or neither increased nor decreased), as applicable, pursuant to the Sustainability Fee 

56 

Adjustment as set forth in such pricing Certificate. For purposes of the foregoing, (A) the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment shall be applied as of the
fifth Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Pricing Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 7.02(s) based upon the
Methane Emissions KPI Metrics and performance of the Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget set forth in such Pricing Certificate and the calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment, therein (such day, the Sustainability Pricing Adjustment
Date) and (B) each change in the Yield Rate, and the Drawn Fee and Undrawn Fee, resulting from a Pricing Certificate shall be effective commencing on and including the applicable Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date (or, in the case
of non-delivery of a Pricing Certificate, the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 7.02(s)). 

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, only one Pricing Certificate may be delivered in respect of any calendar year. It is further understood and
agreed that the Yield Rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.05% relative to the Daily 1M SOFR Rate and the Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, the Drawn Fee rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.05% relative to the
unadjusted Drawn Fee rate, and that the Undrawn Fee rate will never be reduced or increased by more than 0.02% relative to the unadjusted Undrawn Fee rate, pursuant to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment and the Sustainability Fee Adjustment,
respectively, during any calendar year. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment to the Yield Rate, the Drawn Fee rate, or the Undrawn Fee rate, by reason of meeting
one or severalthe
Methane Emissions KPI Metricsin any year shall not be cumulative year-over-year; provided that, (i) if the Yield Rate, the Drawn
Fee rate and/or Undrawn Fee rate are reduced relative to the Daily 1M SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the unadjusted Drawn Fee rate and/or unadjusted Undrawn Fee rate, as applicable, in any year, they may be increased in a subsequent year by non-performance of the Sustainability Performance TargetsTarget and (ii) if the Yield Rate, Drawn Fee rate and/or Undrawn
Fee rate are increased relative to the Daily 1M SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the unadjusted Drawn Fee rate and/or the unadjusted Undrawn Fee Rate, as applicable, in any year, they may be decreased in a subsequent year by performance of the
Sustainability Performance
TargetsTarget, but, in each case, subject to the limitations of the second sentence of this paragraph (b). 

(c) It is hereby understood and agreed that, subject to the limitations of the second sentence in paragraph (b) above, in the event the
Servicer fails to timely deliver a Pricing Certificate in accordance with Section 7.02(s), (i) the Sustainability Rate Adjustment will be positive 0.05% and (ii) the Sustainability Fee Adjustment will be positive
0.02%, in each case, commencing on the last day such Pricing Certificate could have been delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 7.02(s) and continuing until the Servicer delivers a Pricing Certificate to the
Administrative Agent for such Sustainability Pricing Adjustment Date. 

(d) If (i)(A) the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser becomes
aware of any material inaccuracy in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, the Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the
Methane Emissions KPI Metricsas
reported in a Pricing Certificate (any such material inaccuracy, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy) and the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser delivers, not later than ten (10) Business Days after obtaining knowledge
thereof, a written notice to the Servicer (and with respect to knowledge of such Purchaser, the Administrative Agent) describing such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy in reasonable detail (which description shall be

57 

shared with each Purchaser and the Servicer), or (B) the Servicer becomes aware of a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and the Servicer and the Administrative Agent shall mutually agree that
there was a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy at the time of delivery of a Pricing Certificate, and (ii) a proper calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the Methane Emissions KPI Metricswould
have resulted in an increase in the Yield Rate, the Drawn Fee rate, or the Undrawn Fee rate for any period, the Seller shall be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Purchaser, promptly on demand by the
Administrative Agent, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the Seller has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy, an amount equal to the excess of (1) the
amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over (2) the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. If the Servicer becomes aware of any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy and, in connection therewith, if
a proper calculation of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the Methane
Emissions KPI Metricswould have resulted in a decrease in the Yield Rate, the Drawn Fee rate, or the Undrawn Fee rate for any period,
then the Seller shall receive a credit against subsequent interest payable on the Investments or fees payable pursuant to Section 2.03, in an amount equal to the excess of (1) the amount of interest and fees actually
paid for such period over (2) the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period (for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Purchaser, such credit shall apply to amounts of interest and fees which have accrued from
and after delivery of the notice of such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy pursuant to Section 7.02(t) regardless of the time period to which the Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy relates which may be a period before such Person
was a Purchaser hereunder) and, commencing on the fifth (5th) Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of the applicable corrections to the Sustainability Rate Adjustment,
Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the Methane Emissions KPI
Metrics, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 7.02(t), the Yield Rate,
the Drawn Fee rate or Undrawn Fee rate shall be adjusted to reflect the corrected calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the
Methane Emissions KPI Metrics, as applicable. 

(e) It is understood and agreed that any Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default; provided,
that, the Borrower complies with the terms of Section 2.10(d) with respect to such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (a) any additional amounts required to be paid
pursuant to Section 2.10(d) shall not be due and payable until the earlier to occur of (i) a written demand is made for such payment by the Administrative Agent in accordance with
Section 2.10(d) or (ii) ten (10) Business Days after the Seller has received written notice of, or has agreed in writing that there was, a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (such date, the Certificate
Inaccuracy Payment Date), (b) any nonpayment of such additional amounts prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date shall not constitute a Default (whether retroactively or otherwise) and (c) none of such additional amounts shall
be deemed overdue prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date or shall accrue interest at the increased Yield Rate under Section 2.03(f)(i) prior to the Certificate Inaccuracy Payment Date. 

(f) Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Sustainability Agent nor the Administrative Agent shall have any responsibility for (or
liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Servicer of any Sustainability Rate Adjustment or Sustainability Fee Adjustment (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such
calculation) set forth in any Pricing Certificate (and the Sustainability Agent and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry). 

58 

ARTICLE III 

SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES AND PAYMENT PROVISIONS 

SECTION 3.01 Settlement Procedures. 

(a) So long as the Administrative Agent has not taken dominion and control of the Collection Accounts, the Servicer shall set aside and hold
in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Potential Default or an Event of Default, if so requested by the Administrative Agent, segregate in a separate account designated by the
Administrative Agent, which shall be an account maintained and/or controlled by the Administrative Agent unless the Administrative Agent otherwise instructs in its sole discretion), for application in accordance with the priority of payments set
forth below, all Collections on Pool Receivables that are actually received by the Servicer or the Seller or received in any Lock-Box or Collection Account; provided, however, that so long as
each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.03 are satisfied on such date, the Servicer may (A) release to the Seller from Collections received on Seller Collateral the amount (if any) necessary to pay the
purchase price for, or distribute capital in exchange of, Receivables generated by Originators and purchased or accepted for contribution (and automatically deemed purchased or contributed) by the Seller on such date in accordance with the terms of
the Transfer Agreement and (B) release to the Seller all or a portion of Collections received on Sold Assets in exchange for the Seller designating an equivalent amount (based on aggregate Outstanding Balances) of Unsold Receivables as new Sold
Receivables on Sellers books and records pursuant to Section 2.01(e), which new Sold Receivables will be automatically and immediately sold and contributed by the Seller to the Administrative Agent (for the ratable
benefit of the Purchasers) pursuant to Section 2.01(b) upon such release (each such release of Collections described in clauses (A) and (B) above, a Release). On each Settlement Date,
the Servicer (or, following its assumption of control of the Collection Accounts, the Administrative Agent) shall distribute such Collections in the following order of priority: 

(i) first, to the Servicer for the payment of the accrued Servicing Fees payable for the immediately preceding Yield
Period (plus, if applicable, the amount of Servicing Fees payable for any prior Yield Period to the extent such amount has not been distributed to the Servicer); 

(ii) second, to each Purchaser and other Purchaser Party (ratably, based on the amount then due and owing), all accrued
and unpaid Yield, Fees and indemnity payments under Section 4.02 due to such Purchaser and other Purchaser Party for the immediately preceding Yield Period (including any additional amounts or indemnified amounts payable
under Sections 4.03 and 11.01 in respect of such payments), plus, if applicable, the amount of any such Yield, Fees and indemnity payments (including any additional amounts or indemnified amounts payable under Sections 4.03 and
11.01 in respect of such payments) payable for any prior Yield Period to the extent such amount has not been distributed to such Purchaser or Purchaser Party; 

59 

(iii) third, as set forth in clause (A), (B) or
(C) below, as applicable: 

(A) 

prior to the occurrence of the Termination Date, to the extent that a Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists on
such date (as indicated in the most recent Pool Report and accounting for any Investments made since the date of such Pool Report), to the Purchasers (ratably, based on the aggregate outstanding Capital of each Purchaser at such time) for the
payment of a portion of the outstanding Aggregate Capital at such time, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount necessary to reduce the Capital Coverage Amount Deficit to zero ($0); 

(B) 

on and after the occurrence of the Termination Date, to each Purchaser (ratably, based on the aggregate
outstanding Capital of each Purchaser at such time) for the payment in full of the aggregate outstanding Capital of such Purchaser at such time; or 

(C) 

prior to the occurrence of the Termination Date, at the election of the Seller and in accordance with
Section 2.02(d), to the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding Capital of the Purchasers at such time (ratably, based on the aggregate outstanding Capital of each Purchaser at such time); 

(iv) fourth, to the Secured Parties (ratably, based on the amount due and owing at such time), for the payment of all
other Seller Obligations then due and owing by the Seller to the Secured Parties and; 

(v) fifth, the balance, if
any, to be paid to the Seller for its own account. 

Amounts payable pursuant to each of clauses first through fourth above
shall be paid (at each level of priority) first from available Collections on Sold Receivables and other Sold Assets, and second, to the extent necessary in order to make all such payments at such level of priority in full, from Collections on
Unsold Receivables and other Seller Collateral. The Sellers right to receive payments (if any) from time to time pursuant to clause fifth above shall, to the extent arising from Collections on Sold Receivables, constitute compensation
to the Seller for the Sellers provision of the Seller Guaranty and the Purchaser Parties interests in the Sold Asset and the Seller Collateral. 

(b) All payments or distributions to be made by the Servicer, the Seller and any other Person to any Purchaser Party (or its respective
related Secured Parties), shall be paid or distributed to such Purchaser Party. 

(c) If and to the extent the Administrative Agent or any
other Secured Party shall be required for any reason to pay over to any Person (including any Obligor or any trustee, receiver, custodian or similar official in any Relief Proceeding) any amount received on its behalf hereunder, such amount shall be
deemed not to have been so received but rather to have been retained by the Seller and, accordingly, the Administrative Agent or such other Secured Party, as the case may be, shall have a claim against the Seller for such amount. 

60 

(d) For the purposes of this Section 3.01: 

(i) if on any day the Outstanding Balance of any Pool Receivable is reduced or cancelled as a result of (A) any defective,
rejected, returned, repossessed or foreclosed goods or services, (B) any revision, cancellation, allowance, rebate, credit memo, discount or other adjustment made by any Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof or (C) any setoff,
counterclaim or dispute between any Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof, and an Obligor, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivable in an amount equal to the positive difference between
(A) such Pool Receivables Outstanding Balance prior to such reduction and (B) its Outstanding Balance after such reduction, and the Seller shall within two (2) Business Days pay to a Collection Account or as otherwise directed
by the Administrative Agent at such time, for the benefit of the Purchaser Parties for application pursuant to Section 3.01(a), an amount equal to (x) if such reduction occurs prior to the Termination Date and no Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, the lesser of (I) the sum of all deemed Collections with respect to such reduction and (II) an amount necessary to eliminate any Capital Coverage Amount Deficit that exists at such time and
(y) if such reduction occurs on or after the Termination Date or at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of all deemed Collections with respect to such reduction (Collections deemed to have been received
pursuant to this Section 3.01(d)(i) are hereinafter sometimes referred to as Dilution); 

(ii) if on any day (A) any representation or warranty in Section 6.01 is not true with respect
to any Pool Receivable at the time made or (B) any Receivable included in any Pool Report as an Eligible Receivable or in any calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable fails to be an Eligible Receivable at the
time of such inclusion, then, in either case, the Seller shall be deemed to have received on such day a Collection of such Pool Receivables Outstanding Balance in full, and the Seller shall within two (2) Business Days pay to a Collection
Account or as otherwise directed by the Administrative Agent at such time, for the benefit of the Purchaser Parties for application pursuant to Section 3.01(a), an amount equal to (x) if such breach occurs prior to the
Termination Date and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the lesser of (I) the sum of all deemed Collections with respect to such breach and (II) an amount necessary to eliminate any Capital Coverage Amount Deficit that
exists at such time and (y) if such breach occurs on or after the Termination Date or at any time when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the sum of all deemed Collections with respect to such breach (Collections deemed to have
been received pursuant to Sections 3.01(d)(i) and 3.01(d)(ii), including any Dilution, are hereinafter sometimes referred to as Deemed Collections); 

(iii) except as provided in clauses (i) or (ii) above or otherwise required by applicable Law or the
relevant Contract or the applicable Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, all Collections received from an Obligor of any Receivable shall be applied to the Pool Receivables of such Obligor in the manner identified in any invoice or related
Receivable documentation, or if not identified, in the order of the age of such Receivables, starting with the oldest such Receivable, unless such Obligor designates in writing its payment for application to specific Receivables; and 

61 

(iv) if and to the extent the Administrative Agent or any other Secured
Party shall be required for any reason to pay over to an Obligor (or any trustee, receiver, custodian or similar official in any Relief Proceeding) any amount received by it hereunder, such amount shall be deemed not to have been so received by such
Person but rather to have been retained by the Seller and, accordingly, such Person shall have a claim against the Seller for such amount, payable when and to the extent that any distribution from or on behalf of such Obligor is made in respect
thereof. 

SECTION 3.02 Payments and Computations, Etc. (a) All amounts to be paid by the Seller or the Servicer to any
Secured Party hereunder shall be paid no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day when due in same day funds to the applicable party to which such amounts are due. 

(b) If either of the Seller and the Servicer shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit required to be made by it hereunder and such
failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days, then to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Seller and the Servicer shall pay interest on such unpaid or undeposited amount at an interest rate per annum equal to the Yield
Rate applicable during an Event of Default, payable on demand. 

(c) All computations of interest under subsection (b) above
and all computations of Yield, Fees and other amounts hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days (or, in the case of amounts determined by reference to the Base Rate, 365 or 366 days, as applicable) for the actual number of days
(including the first but excluding the last day) elapsed. Whenever any payment or deposit to be made hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment or deposit shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such
extension of time shall be included in the computation of such payment or deposit. 

SECTION 3.03 Sharing of Payments by
Purchasers. If any Purchaser shall, by exercising any right of setoff, counterclaim or bankers lien or other any right, by receipt of voluntary payment, by realization upon security, or by any other
non-pro rata source, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Investments or Capital or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Purchasers receiving payment of a
proportion of the aggregate amount of its Capital and accrued Yield thereon or other such obligations greater than the pro-rata share of the amount such Purchaser is entitled thereto, then the Purchaser
receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Investments (and related Capital) and such other obligations of the other Purchasers,
or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Purchasers ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Capital of and accrued Yield on their respective Investments and
other amounts owing them, provided that: 

(i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the
payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, together with interest or other amounts, if any, required by Law (including court order) to be paid by
the Purchaser or the holder making such purchase; and 

62 

(ii) the provisions of this Section 3.03 shall not
be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Seller-Related Parties pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of the Transaction Documents (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting
Purchaser) or (y) any payment obtained by a Purchaser as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Capital. 

Each
Seller-Related Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Purchaser acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Seller-Related
Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Purchaser were a direct creditor of each Seller-Related Party in the amount of such participation. 

SECTION 3.04 Administrative Agents Clawback. 

(a) Funding by Purchasers; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a
Purchaser prior to the proposed date of any Investment, that such Purchaser will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Purchasers share of such Investment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Purchaser has made such
share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Seller a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Purchaser has not in fact made its share of
the applicable Investment available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Purchaser and the Seller severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from
and including the date such amount is made available to the Seller to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Purchaser, the greater of the Effective Federal Funds Rate
and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Seller, the Yield Rate applicable to Base Rate Capitals. If the Seller
and such Purchaser shall pay such Yield Rate to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Seller the amount of such Yield paid by the Seller for such period. If such
Purchaser pays its share of the applicable Investment to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Purchasers share included in such Investment. Any payment by the Seller shall be without prejudice to any claim
the Seller may have against a Purchaser that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Payments by
Seller; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Seller prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Purchasers hereunder that
the Seller will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Seller has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Purchasers the amount due. In such
event, if the Seller has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Purchasers severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Purchaser, with interest thereon, for each day from and
including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Effective Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation. 

63 

ARTICLE IV 

INCREASED COSTS; FUNDING LOSSES; TAXES; ILLEGALITY AND SECURITY INTEREST 

SECTION 4.01 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Purchaser (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Term SOFR Rate); 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital
attributable thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Purchaser or the relevant market any other condition, cost or expense (other
than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Investments made by such Purchaser or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to
increase the cost to such Purchaser or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Investment or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Investment, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
such Purchaser or other Recipient hereunder (whether of Capital, principal, interest, Yield or any other amount) then, upon request of such Purchaser or other Recipient, the Seller will pay to such Purchaser or other Recipient, as the case may be,
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Purchaser or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) Capital Requirements. If any Purchaser determines that any Change in Law affecting such Purchaser or any Lending Office of such
Purchaser or such Purchasers holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Purchasers capital or on the capital of such Purchasers holding
company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Purchaser or the Investments made by such Purchaser, to a level below that which such Purchaser or such Purchasers holding company could have achieved but for such
Change in Law (taking into consideration such Purchasers policies and the policies of such Purchasers holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Seller will pay to such Purchaser such additional amount
or amounts as will compensate such Purchaser or such Purchasers holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

64 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Purchaser setting forth the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Purchaser or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Seller shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The
Seller shall pay such Purchaser the amount shown as due on any such certificate on the first Settlement Date occurring ten (10) or more days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Purchaser to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not
constitute a waiver of such Purchasers right to demand such compensation, provided that the Seller shall not be required to compensate a Purchaser pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more
than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Purchaser notifies the Seller of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Purchasers intention to claim compensation therefor (except
that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the one hundred eighty (180) day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

SECTION 4.02 Indemnity for Funding Losses. In addition to the compensation or payments required by Section 4.01 or
Section 4.03, the Seller shall indemnify each Purchaser against all liabilities, losses or expenses (including loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of
funds obtained by it to maintain any Capital, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract) which such Purchaser sustains or incurs as a consequence of any:

(a) payment, prepayment, conversion or renewal of any Capital to which the Term SOFR Rate applies on a day other than a Monthly Settlement
Date, whether or not any such payment or prepayment is mandatory, voluntary, or automatic and whether or not any such payment or prepayment is then due; 

(b) attempt by the Seller to revoke (expressly, by later inconsistent notices or otherwise) in whole or part any Investment Request or notice
relating to prepayments under Section 2.02(e) or failure by the Seller (for a reason other than the failure of such Purchaser to fund an Investment) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Capital on the date or in the
amount notified by the Seller; or 

(c) any assignment of Capital then accruing Yield based on the Term SOFR Rate on a day other than the
last day of the Yield Period therefor as a result of a request by the Seller pursuant to Section 4.04. 

If any
Purchaser sustains or incurs any such loss or expense, it shall from time to time notify the Seller of the amount determined in good faith by such Purchaser (which determination may include such assumptions, allocations of costs and expenses and
averaging or attribution methods as such Purchaser shall deem reasonable) to be necessary to indemnify such Purchaser for such loss or expense. Such notice shall specify in reasonable detail the basis for such determination. Such amount shall be due
and payable by the Seller to such Purchaser on the first Settlement Date occurring after such notice is given or, if such amount is payable due to clause (a) or (c) above, then on the date of such payment, prepayment, conversion, renewal or
assignment so long as such notice has been given on or prior to such date. 

65 

SECTION 4.03 Taxes. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b)
Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Seller or Kinetik under any Transaction Document shall be without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any
applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to
make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Official Body in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Seller or Kinetik shall
be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 4.03) the applicable Recipient
receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(c) Payment of Other Taxes
by the Seller. The Seller shall timely pay to the relevant Official Body in accordance with applicable Law, or, at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse the Administrative Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(d) Indemnification by the Seller. The Seller shall indemnify each Recipient, on the next Settlement Date occurring ten (10) or
more days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any (i) Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 4.03) payable or paid by such
Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the
relevant Official Body and (ii) any incremental Taxes that arise because an Investment or any Capital is not treated consistently with the Intended Tax Treatment (such indemnification will include any U.S. federal, state or local income and
franchise Taxes necessary to make such Recipient whole on an after-tax basis taking into account the taxability of receipt of payments under this clause (ii) and any reasonable expenses arising out
of, relating to, or resulting from the foregoing). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Seller by a Purchaser (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on
behalf of a Purchaser, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Purchasers. Each Purchaser shall
severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Purchaser (but only to the extent that the Seller-Related Parties have not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting any obligation of any Seller-Related Party to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Purchasers failure to comply with the provisions of
Section 12.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Purchaser, in each case, that 

66 

are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Transaction Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were
correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Official Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Purchaser by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Purchaser
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Purchaser under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Purchaser from any other source against
any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 4.03(e). 

(f) Evidence of Payments. As soon
as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Seller or Kinetik to an Official Body pursuant to this Section 4.03, the Seller shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued
by such Official Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Status of Purchasers. 

(i) Any Purchaser that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any
Transaction Document shall deliver to the Seller and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Seller or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Seller
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Purchaser, if reasonably requested by the Seller or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other
documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Seller or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Seller or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Purchaser is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 4.03(g)(ii)(1),
4.03(g)(ii)(2) and 4.03(g)(ii)(4)) shall not be required if, in the Purchasers reasonable judgment, such completion, execution or submission would subject such Purchaser to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would
materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Purchaser. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, in the event that the Seller is a U.S. Person: 

(1) any Purchaser that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the
Seller and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Purchaser becomes a Purchaser under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Seller or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of
IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Purchaser is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

67 

(2) any Foreign Purchaser shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so, deliver to the Seller and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Purchaser becomes a Purchaser under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Seller or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Purchaser claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if
applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, IRS
Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to
the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) executed copies of IRS Form
W-8ECI;

(III) in the case of a Foreign Purchaser claiming the benefits of the
exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Purchaser is not (A) a
bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Seller within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign
corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form
W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable); or 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Purchaser is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS
Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Purchaser is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such
Foreign Purchaser are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Purchaser may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such
direct and indirect partner; 

68 

(3) any Foreign Purchaser shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so, deliver to the Seller and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Purchaser becomes a Purchaser under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Seller or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed,
together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Seller or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; or 

(4) if a payment made to a Purchaser under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Purchaser were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller and the
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Seller or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Seller or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Seller and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA
and to determine that such Purchaser has complied with such Purchasers obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (4), FATCA shall
include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Purchaser agrees that if any form or certification it
previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Seller and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 4.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 4.03), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 4.03 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Official Body with respect to such
refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party incurred in connection with obtaining such refund, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 4.03(h)
(plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Official Body) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Official Body. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.03(h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 4.03(h) the payment of which would place the indemnified
party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise
imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating
to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

69 

(i) Survival. Each partys obligations under this
Section 4.03 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Purchaser, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of
all Seller Obligations. 

SECTION 4.04 Replacement of a Purchaser. If any Purchaser requests compensation under
Section 4.01, or if the Seller is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Purchaser or any Official Body for the account of any Purchaser pursuant to Section 4.03 and, in
each case, such Purchaser has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 4.05, or if any Purchaser is a Defaulting Purchaser or a
Non-Consenting Purchaser, then the Seller may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Purchaser and the Administrative Agent, require such Purchaser to assign and delegate, without recourse (in
accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 12.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to
Section 4.01 or Section 4.03) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Transaction Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another
Purchaser, if a Purchaser accepts such assignment); provided that: 

(a) the Seller shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the
assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 12.06; 

(b) such Purchaser shall have received payment of an amount
equal to the outstanding Capital of its Investments, accrued Yield thereon, accrued Fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents (including any amounts under Section 4.02)
from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding Capital, principal and accrued interest, Yield and fees) or the Seller (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 4.01 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 4.03, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law; and 

(e) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Purchaser becoming a Non-Consenting Purchaser, the
applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 

A Purchaser shall not be required to make any
such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Purchaser or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Seller to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

70 

SECTION 4.05 Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Purchaser
requests compensation under Section 4.01, or the Seller is or will be required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Purchaser or any Official Body for the account of any Purchaser pursuant to
Section 4.03, then such Purchaser shall (at the request of the Seller) use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Investments hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Purchaser, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 4.01 or
Section 4.03, as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Purchaser to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Purchaser. The Seller hereby agrees to
pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Purchaser in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

ARTICLE V

CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS AND INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness and the Initial Investment. This Agreement shall become effective as of the
Closing Date when (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the documents, agreements (in fully executed form), opinions of counsel, lien search results, UCC filings, certificates and other deliverables listed on the closing
memorandum attached as Exhibit G hereto, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (b) all fees and expenses payable by the Seller on the Closing Date to the Purchaser Parties have been
paid in full in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

SECTION 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Investments.
Each Investment hereunder on or after the Closing Date shall be subject to the conditions precedent that: 

(a) the Seller shall have
delivered to the Administrative Agent an Investment Request for such Investment, in accordance with Section 2.02(a); 

(b) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent all Pool Reports required to be delivered hereunder; and 

(c) on the date of such Investment the following statements shall be true and correct (and upon the occurrence of such Investment, the Seller
and the Servicer shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such statements are then true and correct): 

(i)
the representations and warranties of the Seller and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Investment as though made on and as of such date unless
such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Potential Default
would result from such Investment; 

(iii) no Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to
such Investment (calculated based on the Capital Coverage Amount set forth in the most recent Pool Report and accounting for any Investments made since the date of such Pool Report); 

71 

(iv) immediately after giving effect to such Investment, no Purchasers
aggregate outstanding Capital will exceed such Purchasers Commitment; 

(v) the Termination Date has not occurred; and

(vi) the Aggregate Capital equals or exceeds the Minimum Funding Threshold; and 

(vii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Sold Receivables does not exceed the Aggregate Capital. 

SECTION 5.03 Conditions Precedent to All Releases. Each Release hereunder on or after the Closing Date shall be subject to the
conditions precedent that: 

(a) after giving effect to such Release, the Servicer shall be holding in trust for the benefit of the Secured
Parties an amount of Collections sufficient to pay the sum of (x) all accrued and unpaid Servicing Fees, Yield, Fees and indemnification payments under Section 4.02, in each case, through the date of such Release,
(y) the amount of any Capital Coverage Amount Deficit and (z) the amount of all other accrued and unpaid Seller Obligations through the date of such Release; and 

(b) on the date of such Release the following statements shall be true and correct (and upon the occurrence of such Release, the Seller and
the Servicer shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such statements are then true and correct): 

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Seller and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Release as though made on and as of such date unless such
representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default would result from such
Release; 

(iii) no Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such Release (calculated
based on the Capital Coverage Amount set forth in the most recent Pool Report and accounting for any Investments made since the date of such Pool Report); and 

(iv) the Termination Date has not occurred. 

72 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

SECTION 6.01 Representations and Warranties of the Seller. The Seller represents and warrants to each Purchaser Party as of the
Closing Date, on each Settlement Date and on each day that an Investment or Release shall have occurred: 

(a) Organization and Good
Standing. The Seller is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full power and authority under its constitutional documents and under the laws of its
jurisdiction to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted. 

(b) Due Qualification. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a limited liability company, is in good standing as a foreign
limited liability company and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business requires such qualification, licenses or approvals, except in each case with respect to this clause
(b) where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Power and Authority; Due
Authorization. The Seller (i) has all necessary limited liability company power and authority to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (B) perform its obligations under
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (C) grant a security interest in the Supporting Assets to the Administrative Agent on the terms and subject to the conditions herein provided and (ii) has duly
authorized by all necessary limited liability company action such grant and the execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions provided for in, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
party. 

(d) Binding Obligations. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party has been
duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Seller and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Seller, enforceable against the Seller in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity,
regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(e) No Conflict or Violation. The
execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof, will not
(i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under its organizational documents or any indenture, sale agreement, credit agreement, loan
agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other agreement or instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of
the Supporting Assets pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other agreement or instrument other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or
(iii) conflict with or violate any applicable Law. 

73 

(f) Litigation and Other Proceedings. (i) There is no action, suit, proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the best knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against the Seller before any Official Body and (ii) the Seller is not subject to any order, judgment, decree, injunction, stipulation or consent order of or with any
Official Body that, in the case of either of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), (A) asserts the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (B) seeks to prevent the grant of a security interest in any
Supporting Assets by the Seller to the Administrative Agent, the ownership or acquisition by the Seller of any Pool Receivable or other Supporting Assets or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document, (C) seeks any determination or ruling that could materially and adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document or (D) individually or in the aggregate for all such actions, suits, proceedings and investigations could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Governmental Approvals. All authorizations, consents, orders and approvals of, or other actions by, any Official Body that are
required to be obtained by the Seller in connection with the sale and/or grant of a security interest in the Supporting Assets to the Administrative Agent hereunder or the due execution, delivery and performance by the Seller of this Agreement or
any other Transaction Document to which it is a party and the consummation by the Seller of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been obtained or made and are in full force
and effect. 

(h) Margin Regulations. The Seller is not engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business
of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meanings of Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 

(i) Solvency. After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Seller is
Solvent. 

(j) Offices; Legal Name. The Sellers sole jurisdiction of organization is the State of Delaware, and such
jurisdiction has not changed within four months prior to the date of this Agreement. The office of the Seller is located at 2700 Post Oak Boulevard, Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77056-4400. The legal name of the Seller is Kinetik Receivables LLC. 

(k) Investment Company Act; Volcker Rule. The Seller (i) is not, and is not controlled by, an investment company
registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act and (ii) is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule. In determining that the Seller is not a covered fund under the Volcker Rule, the Seller
relies on, and is entitled to rely on, the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(5) of the Investment Company Act. 

(l) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of formation of the Seller there has been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the
Seller. 

74 

(m) Accuracy of Information. All Pool Reports, Investment Requests, certificates,
reports, statements, documents and other information furnished to the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party by or on behalf of the Seller pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection
with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, are, at the time the same are so furnished, complete and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to
the Administrative Agent or such other Purchaser Party and do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading. 

(n) Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. None of the Seller nor any of its employees, officers directors, affiliates, consultants,
brokers, or agents acting on Sellers behalf in connection with this Agreement: (i) is a Sanctioned Person; or (ii) directly, or indirectly through any third party, is engaged in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of
any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction, or any transactions or other dealings that otherwise are prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Laws, (b) No Supporting Assets are Blocked Property, and (c) No Covered Entity nor any of its
directors, officers, employees, or to the knowledge of any Seller-Related Party, its agents or affiliates acting on behalf of such Covered Entity has, during the past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that
alleges, or has been involved in an internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or International Trade Laws, or has received a request for information from any Official Body regarding
Anti-Corruption Law matters or International Trade Law matters. Each Covered Entity has instituted and maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable International Trade Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each
Seller-Related Party represents and warrants that there is no Blocked Property pledged as Seller Collateral. 

(o) Anti-Corruption
Laws. The Seller and its directors and officers, and any employee, agent, or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity, is not in violation of, and has not, during the past five (5) years, directly or indirectly, taken any act that
could cause any Covered Entity to be in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, including any act in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, authorization, or ratification of payment, directly or indirectly, of any money or anything of value
(including any gift, sample, rebate, travel, meal and lodging expense, entertainment, service, equipment, debt forgiveness, donation, grant or other thing of value, however characterized) to any Government Official or any Person to secure any
improper advantage or to obtain or retain business. No Covered Entity nor any of its directors, officers, employees, or to the knowledge of any Seller-Related Party, its agents or affiliates acting on behalf of such Covered Entity has, during the
past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that alleges, or has been involved in an internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or has received a
request for information from any Official Body regarding Anti-Corruption Law matters. Each Covered Entity has instituted and maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(p) Perfection Representations. 

(i) This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Sellers
right, title and interest in, to and under the Supporting Assets which (A) security interest has been perfected and is enforceable against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller and (B) will be free of all Adverse Claims in any
Supporting Assets. 

75 

(ii) The Pool Receivables constitute accounts or general
intangibles within the meaning of Section 9-102 of the UCC. 

(iii) The
Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Supporting Assets free and clear of any Adverse Claim of any Person. 

(iv) All appropriate financing statements, financing statement amendments and continuation statements have been filed in the
proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable Law in order to perfect (and continue the perfection of) the sale and contribution of the Receivables and Related Security from each Originator to the Seller pursuant to the
Transfer Agreement and the Sellers sale and grant of a security interest in the Supporting Assets to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

(v) Other than the security interest granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller has not
pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Supporting Assets except as permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of
any financing statements filed against the Seller that include a description of collateral covering any Supporting Assets other than any financing statement (i) in favor of the Administrative Agent or (ii) that has been terminated. The
Seller is not aware of any judgment lien, ERISA lien or tax lien filings against the Seller. 

(vi) Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the representations contained in this Section 6.01(p) shall be continuing and remain in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. 

(q) The Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts. 

(i) Nature of Collection Accounts. Each Collection Account constitutes a deposit account within the meaning
of the applicable UCC. 

(ii) Ownership. Subject to Section 7.04, each Lock-Box and Collection Account is in the name of the Seller, and the Seller owns and has good and marketable title to the Collection Accounts (including through novation or otherwise) free and clear of any Adverse
Claim. 

(iii) Perfection. The Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Account Control
Agreement relating to each Lock-Box and Collection Account, pursuant to which each applicable Collection Account Bank has agreed to comply with the instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing
the disposition of funds in such Lock-Box and Collection Account without further consent by the Seller, the Servicer or any other Person. The Administrative Agent has control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC) over each Collection Account. 

76 

(iv) Instructions. Neither the Lock-Boxes nor the Collection Accounts
are in the name of any Person other than the Seller. Neither the Seller nor the Servicer has consented to the applicable Collection Account Bank complying with instructions of any Person other than the Administrative Agent. 

(r) Ordinary Course of Business. Each remittance of Collections by or on behalf of the Seller to the Purchaser Parties under this
Agreement will have been (i) in payment of a debt incurred by the Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller. 

(s) Compliance with Law. The Seller has complied in all material respects with all Laws to which it or its properties may be subject.

(t) Bulk Sales Act. No transaction contemplated by this Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar
law. 

(u) Eligible Receivables. Each Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool
Balance as of any date is an Eligible Receivable as of such date. 

(v) Taxes. The Seller has (i) timely filed all Tax returns
(federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and (ii) paid, or caused to be paid, all Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 

(w) Tax
Status. The Seller (i) is, and shall at all relevant times continue to be, a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 for U.S. federal income tax
purposes that is wholly owned by a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and (ii) is not and will not at any relevant time become an association (or publicly traded partnership) taxable as
a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Seller is not subject to any Tax in any jurisdiction outside the United States. The Seller is not subject to material Taxes imposed by a state or local taxing authority. 

(x) Opinions. The facts regarding the Seller, the Servicer, each Originator, the Performance Guarantor, the Pool Receivables, the
Related Security and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 

(y) Other Transaction Documents. Each representation and warranty made by the Seller under each other Transaction Document to which it
is a party is true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made. 

(z) No Linked Accounts. There are no Linked
Accounts with respect to any Collection Account. 

77 

(aa) Liquidity Coverage Ratio. The Seller has not, does not and will not during this
Agreement issue any LCR Security. The Seller further represents and warrants that its assets and liabilities are consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Kinetik for purposes of GAAP. 

(bb) Certificate of Beneficial Ownership. The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent
and the Purchasers for the Seller on or prior to the Closing Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the Closing Date and as of the date any such update is delivered. The Seller
acknowledges and agrees that the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership is one of the Transaction Documents. 

(cc) Plan Assets. The
assets of the Seller do not constitute plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) and the Seller is not subject to any applicable
law that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code that would be violated by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents. 

(dd) ERISA.

(i) The Seller has no Plans. 

(ii) (A) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (B) no Pension Plan has any unfunded pension
liability (i.e., excess of benefit liabilities over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined pursuant to the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan for the applicable plan year in accordance with Section 430 of
the Code); (C) neither Seller, nor ant member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under
Section 4007 of ERISA); (D) Neither Seller nor any member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result
in such liability) under Section 4201 of ERISA, with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; (E) Neither Seller nor any member of the ERISA Group has received notice that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent; (F) Neither Seller nor any member
of the ERISA Group has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; and (G) no Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or
circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

SECTION 6.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer. The Servicer represents and warrants to each Purchaser Party as of
the Closing Date, on each Settlement Date and on each day that an Investment or Release shall have occurred: 

(a) Organization and Good
Standing. The Servicer is a duly organized and validly existing limited partnership in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the power and authority under its organizational documents and under the laws of Delaware to own
its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted. 

78 

(b) Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business, is in good
standing as a foreign entity and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the conduct of its business or the servicing of the Pool Receivables as required by this Agreement requires such qualification, licenses
or approvals, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Power and
Authority; Due Authorization. The Servicer has all necessary power and authority to (i) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (ii) perform its obligations under this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the execution, delivery and performance of, and the consummation of the transactions provided for in, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been
duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary action. 

(d) Binding Obligations. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the Servicer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Servicer, enforceable against the Servicer in accordance with their respective
terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as such enforceability
may be limited by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(e) No Conflict or Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Servicer is
a party, the performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Servicer will not
(i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the organizational documents of the Servicer or any indenture, sale agreement, credit
agreement (including the Revolving Credit Agreement), loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Servicer is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, (ii) result in
the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, credit agreement, loan agreement, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument, other than this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or (iii) conflict with or violate any applicable Law, except to the extent that any such conflict, breach, default, Adverse Claim or violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(f) Litigation and Other Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation pending, or to the
Servicers knowledge threatened, against the Servicer before any Official Body: (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents; (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations
under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents. 

79 

(g) No Consents. The Servicer is not required to obtain the consent of any other
party or any consent, license, approval, registration, authorization or declaration of or with any Official Body in connection with the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party
that has not already been obtained, except where the failure to obtain such consent, license, approval, registration, authorization or declaration could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h) Compliance with Law. The Servicer (i) shall duly satisfy all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in connection
with the Pool Receivables and the related Contracts, (ii) has maintained in effect all qualifications required under applicable Law in order to properly service the Pool Receivables and (iii) has complied respects with all applicable Laws
in connection with servicing the Pool Receivables, except in each case where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i) Accuracy of Information. All Pool Reports, Investment Requests, certificates, reports, statements, documents and other information
furnished to the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party by the Servicer pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or in connection with or pursuant to any amendment or modification of, or waiver under,
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, are, at the time the same are so furnished, taken as a whole, complete and correct in all material respects on the date the same are furnished to the Administrative Agent or such other Purchaser
Party and does not contain any material misstatement of fact, or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading. 

(j) Location of Records. The offices where the Servicer keeps all of its records relating to the servicing of the Pool Receivables are
located at 2700 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 300, Houston, Texas 77056. 

(k) Credit and Collection Policy. The Servicer has complied in
all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contracts. 

(l)
Eligible Receivables. Each Receivable included as an Eligible Receivable in the calculation of the Net Receivables Pool Balance as of any date is an Eligible Receivable as of such date. 

(m) Servicing Programs. No material license or approval is required for the Administrative Agents use of any software or other
computer program used by the Servicer, any Originator or any Sub-Servicer in the servicing of the Pool Receivables, other than those which have been obtained and are in full force and effect. 

(n) Servicing of Pool Receivables. Since the Closing Date there has been no material adverse change in the ability of the Servicer or
any Sub-Servicer to service and collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security. 

80 

(o) Other Transaction Documents. Each representation and warranty made by the
Servicer under each other Transaction Document to which it is a party (including the Transfer Agreement) is true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made. 

(p) No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2023, there has been no Material Adverse Effect on the Servicer. 

(q) Investment Company Act. The Servicer is not an investment company, or a company controlled by an
investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

(r) Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. No:
(a) Covered Entity nor any employees, officers, directors, affiliates, consultants, brokers, or agents acting on a Covered Entitys behalf in connection with this Agreement: (i) is a Sanctioned Person; or (ii) directly, or
indirectly through any third party, is engaged in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction, or any transactions or other dealings that otherwise are prohibited by any
Anti-Terrorism Laws; and (b) Supporting Assets are Blocked Property, and (c) No Covered Entity nor any of its directors, officers, employees, or to the knowledge of any Seller-Related Party, its agents or affiliates acting on behalf of
such Covered Entity has, during the past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that alleges, or has been involved in an internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any
Anti-Corruption Laws or International Trade Laws, or has received a request for information from any Official Body regarding Anti-Corruption Law matters or International Trade Law matters. Each Covered Entity has instituted and maintains policies
and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable International Trade Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Seller-Related Party represents and warrants that there is no Blocked Property pledged as Seller Collateral. 

(s) Anti-Corruption Laws. Each Covered Entity and its directors and officers, and any employee, agent, or affiliate acting on behalf of
such Covered Entity, is not in violation of, and has not, during the past five (5) years, directly or indirectly, taken any act that could cause any Covered Entity to be in violation of Anti-Corruption Laws, including any act in furtherance of
an offer, payment, promise to pay, authorization, or ratification of payment, directly or indirectly, of any money or anything of value (including any gift, sample, rebate, travel, meal and lodging expense, entertainment, service, equipment, debt
forgiveness, donation, grant or other thing of value, however characterized) to any Government Official or any Person to secure any improper advantage or to obtain or retain business. No Covered Entity nor any of its directors, officers, employees,
or to the knowledge of any Seller-Related Party, its agents or affiliates acting on behalf of such Covered Entity has, during the past five (5) years, received any notice or communication from any Person that alleges, or has been involved in an
internal investigation involving any allegations relating to, potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, or has received a request for information from any Official Body regarding Anti-Corruption Law matters. Each Covered Entity has instituted
and maintains policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(t) Bulk Sales Act. No
transaction contemplated by this Agreement requires compliance by it with any bulk sales act or similar law. 

81 

(u) Taxes. The Servicer has (i) timely filed all material Tax returns (federal,
state and local) required to be filed by it and (ii) paid, or caused to be paid, all Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v) No Linked Accounts. There are no Linked Accounts with respect to any Collection Account. 

(w) Opinions. The facts regarding the Seller, the Servicer, each Originator, the Performance Guarantor, the Pool Receivables, the
Related Security and the related matters set forth or assumed in each of the opinions of counsel delivered in connection with this Agreement and the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects. 

(x) ERISA.

(i) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or
state Laws. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received from the IRS a favorable determination or opinion letter, which has not by its terms expired, that such Plan is so qualified, or such Plan is
entitled to rely on an IRS advisory or opinion letter with respect to an IRS-approved master and prototype or volume submitter plan, or a timely application for such a determination or opinion letter is
currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto; and, to the best knowledge of Seller, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. Seller and each member of the ERISA Group have made all required
contributions to each Pension Plan subject to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code has been made with respect to any Pension
Plan. 

(ii) (A) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (B) no Pension Plan has any unfunded
pension liability (i.e., excess of benefit liabilities over the current value of that Pension Plans assets, determined pursuant to the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan for the applicable plan year in accordance with
Section 430 of the Code); (C) neither Seller nor any member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent
under Section 4007 of ERISA); (D) neither Seller nor any member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would
result in such liability) under Section 4201 of ERISA, with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; (E) neither Seller nor any member of the ERISA Group has received notice that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent; (F) neither Seller nor any
member of the ERISA Group has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; and (G) no Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event
or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

82 

(y) Financial Statements. The Servicer has furnished to the Administrative Agent the
consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows of Parent and its respective subsidiaries (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, reported on and audited by KPMG LLP, independent
public accountants, and (ii) to the extent publicly available, as of and for the fiscal quarters ending after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, certified by Parents chief financial officer (such annual and interim statements,
collectively, the Statements). Such Statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such
periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 

ARTICLE VII 

COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Covenants of the Seller. At all times from the Closing Date until the Final Payout Date: 

(a) Payment of Capital and Yield. The Seller shall duly and punctually pay Capital, Yield, Fees and all other amounts payable by the
Seller hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(b) Existence. The Seller shall keep in full force and effect its
existence and rights as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware, and shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the
validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Supporting Assets, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Financial Reporting. The Seller will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, and the
Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall furnish to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) Annual Financial Statements of
the Seller. Promptly upon completion and in no event later than ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Seller, annual unaudited financial statements of the Seller certified by an Authorized Officer of the Servicer
(on behalf of the Seller) that such statement fairly present in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition of the Seller as of the date indicated and the results of its operations for such annual period indicated. 

(ii) Pool Reports. 

(A) 

Not later than two (2) Business Days before the related Monthly Settlement Date, a Monthly Report as of
the most recently completed Fiscal Month. 

83 

(B) 

If (x) the Servicer or Kinetik has a short-term rating of both (1) B+ or lower from S&P, and
(2) B1 or lower from Moodys (or, in either case, does not have a short-term rating from the applicable ratings agency), and (y) the Administrative Agent has provided written notice to the Seller or the Servicer, at least fifteen
(15) Business Days prior to a Weekly Reporting Date, that a Weekly Report will be required, then, not later than the related Weekly Reporting Date, a Weekly Report as of the last Business Day of the preceding calendar week.

(iii) Quarterly Financial Statements of Parent. As soon as available, but in any event within
forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Parent (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024), Parents consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and related
statement of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding
fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by a financial Officer as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Parent and its respective Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes. 

(iv) Annual Financial Statements of Parent. As soon as available, but in any event within
ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of Parent (commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024), Parents audited consolidated balance sheet and related statement of operations, shareholders equity, and
cash flows as of the end of such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by KPMG LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a
going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than, in the case of a change in accountants, an exception as to scope relating to prior years not audited
by such accountants)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operation of Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in
accordance with GAAP. 

(v) Compliance Certificate. Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under
Sections 7.01(c)(iii) and 7.01(c)(iv), a compliance certificate in the form of Exhibit F (each, a Compliance Certificate) and signed by a Financial Officer of Kinetik (i) certifying as
to whether a Potential Default has occurred and, if a Potential Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the
application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 6.02(y)(i) and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements
accompanying such certificate. 

84 

(vi) SEC Filings. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to
Sections 7.01(c)(iii) and 7.01(c)(iv) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been
delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on EDGAR; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Sellers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which the Administrative
Agent has (or can obtain) access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Administrative Agent); provided, that, Kinetik having filed with the SEC (a) an annual report on Form 10-K for such year will satisfy Kinetiks obligation under Section 7.01(c)(iv) with respect to such year and (b) a quarterly report on Form
10-Q for such quarter will satisfy Kinetiks obligation under Section 7.01(c)(iii) with respect to such quarter. The Administrative Agent shall be solely responsible for timely
accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

(vii) Other Information. Promptly
following any request therefor, such other information (including non-financial information) as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 

(d) Notices. The Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any of the following events
promptly upon (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after, unless otherwise specified below) an Authorized Officer or other officer learning of the occurrence thereof, with such notice describing the same, and if applicable, the
steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto: 

(i) Notice of Events of Default or Potential
Defaults. A statement of an Authorized Officer of the Seller setting forth details of any Event of Default or Potential Default that has occurred and is continuing and the action which the Seller proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(ii) Representations and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the
Seller under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct when made, except where such failure could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect as of the time of discovery. 

(iii) Litigation. The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding with respect to
the Seller, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any Originator, which with respect to any Person other than the Seller, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(iv) Adverse Claim. (A) Any Person shall obtain an Adverse Claim upon any Supporting Assets, (B) any
Person other than the Seller, the Servicer or the Administrative Agent shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Collection Account (or related Lock-Box) or (C) any Obligor shall
receive any change in payment instructions with respect to Pool Receivable(s) or any Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider receiving any change in payment instructions with respect to any Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit from a Person
other than the Servicer or the Administrative Agent. 

85 

(v) Name Changes. Promptly upon any change in any Originators
or the Sellers name, jurisdiction of organization or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements. 

(vi) Change in Accountants or Accounting Policy. Any change in (A) the external accountants of Seller, (B) any
accounting policy of the Seller or (C) any material accounting policy of any Originator that is relevant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (it being understood that any change to the manner in
which any Originator accounts for the Pool Receivables shall be deemed material for such purpose). 

(vii)
Transfer Termination Event. The occurrence of any Transfer Termination Event. 

(viii) Material Adverse
Change. Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any material adverse change in the business, operations, property or financial or other condition of the Seller, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or any Originator. 

(ix) ERISA Event. Immediately upon the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice in writing setting forth the details
thereof and the action which the Seller proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(e) Conduct of Business. The Seller will carry on
and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted in all material respects and will do all things necessary to remain duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing as a domestic organization in its jurisdiction of organization and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted. 

(f) Compliance with Laws. The Seller will comply with all applicable Laws to which it may be subject if the failure to comply could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Furnishing of Information and Inspection of Receivables. The Seller
will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent from time to time such information with respect to the Pool Receivables and the other Supporting Assets as the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser may reasonably request. The Seller
will, at the Sellers sole expense (as qualified below), during regular business hours with prior written notice (i) permit the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser or their respective agents or representatives to (A) examine and
make copies of and abstracts from all books and records relating to the Pool Receivables or other Supporting Assets, (B) visit the offices and properties of the Seller for the purpose of examining such books and records and (C) discuss
matters relating to the Pool Receivables, the other Supporting Assets or the Sellers performance hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors, employees or independent public
accountants of the Seller having knowledge of such matters, and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, 

86 

during regular business hours, at the Sellers sole expense, upon prior written notice from the Administrative Agent, permit certified public accountants or other auditors acceptable to the
Administrative Agent to conduct a review of its books and records with respect to such Pool Receivables and other Supporting Assets. So long as no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, Seller shall be responsible for
expenses relating to no more than one (1) such visit in any twelve-month period. 

(h) Payments on Receivables, Collection
Accounts, Payments on Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit. 

(i) Subject to Section 7.04, as
of the Closing Date, the Seller shall have opened or transferred to its name one or more Collection Accounts in the name of the Seller. The Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, and will cause each Originator to, at all times, instruct all
Obligors to deliver payments on the Pool Receivables to a Collection Account or a Lock-Box. The Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will, and will cause each Originator to, at all times, maintain such books
and records necessary to identify Collections received from time to time on Pool Receivables and to segregate such Collections from other property of the Servicer and the Originators. If any payments on the Pool Receivables or other Collections are
received by the Seller, the Servicer or an Originator, it shall hold such payments in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties and promptly (but in any event within one (1) Business Day
after receipt) remit such funds into a Collection Account. The Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will cause each Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of each applicable Account Control Agreement. The Seller shall not permit funds
other than Collections on Pool Receivables and other Supporting Assets to be deposited into any Collection Account. If such funds are nevertheless deposited into any Collection Account, the Seller (or the Servicer on its behalf) will within two
(2) Business Days identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds. The Seller will not, and will not permit the Servicer, any Originator or any other Person to commingle Collections or other funds to which the
Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any other Secured Party is entitled, with any other funds. The Seller shall only add a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) or a Collection Account Bank to those
listed on Schedule II to this Agreement, if the Administrative Agent has received notice of such addition and an executed and acknowledged copy of an Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance acceptable to the
Administrative Agent from the applicable Collection Account Bank. The Seller shall only terminate a Collection Account Bank or close a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) with the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent. The Seller shall ensure that no disbursements are made from any Collection Account, other than such disbursements that are made at the direction and for the account of the Seller. 

(ii) The Seller will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrative Agent, instruct each Originator, in its capacity
as the beneficiary (or prospective beneficiary) of an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, to instruct the related Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider to make payments in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or
confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the Servicer fails to do so and, if an 

87 

Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider fails to so deliver payments to a Lock-Box Account, the Seller will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by
the Administrative Agent, use all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Originator to cause such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider to deliver subsequent payments (if any) in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued
(or confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the Servicer fails to do so. 

(i) Sales, Liens, etc. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Seller will not sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or
otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to, any Pool Receivable or other Supporting Assets, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof.

(j) Extension or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise permitted in Section 8.02,
the Seller will not, and will not permit the Servicer to, alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable in any material respect, or amend, modify or waive, in any material
respect, any term or condition of any related Contract. The Seller shall at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material respects with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts
related to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contract. 

(k) Change in Credit and Collection Policy. The Seller will not make any material change in the Credit and Collection Policy without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. Promptly following any change in the Credit and Collection Policy, the Seller will deliver a copy of the updated Credit and Collection Policy to the Administrative
Agent. 

(l) Fundamental Changes. The Seller shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the
Required Purchasers, permit itself (i) to merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now
owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, (ii) undertake any LLC Division or any other division of its rights, assets, obligations, or liabilities pursuant to a plan of division or otherwise pursuant to Law or (iii) to be directly owned
by any Person other than an Originator. The Seller shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers, make any change in the Sellers name, identity, corporate structure or location or make any
other change in the Sellers identity or corporate structure that could impair or otherwise render any UCC financing statement filed in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document seriously misleading as such
term (or similar term) is used in the applicable UCC. 

(m) Books and Records. The Seller shall maintain and implement (or cause the
Servicer to maintain and implement) administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain
(or cause the Servicer to keep and maintain) all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily
identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable). 

88 

(n) Identifying of Records. The Seller shall: (i) identify (or cause the
Servicer to identify) its master data processing records relating to Pool Receivables and related Contracts with a legend that indicates that the Pool Receivables have been pledged in accordance with this Agreement and (ii) cause each
Originator so to identify its master data processing records with such a legend. 

(o) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors.
The Seller shall not (and shall not permit the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer to) add, replace or terminate any Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box) or make any
change in its (or their) instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), other than any instruction to remit payments to a different Collection
Account (or any related Lock-Box), unless the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change and (ii) a signed and acknowledged Account
Control Agreement (or amendment thereto) with respect to such new Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), and the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such change in writing. 

(p) Security Interest, Etc. The Seller shall (and shall cause the Servicer to), at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably
desirable to establish and maintain a valid and enforceable first priority perfected ownership or security interest in the Supporting Assets, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim, in favor of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the
Secured Parties), including taking such action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) as the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may reasonably request.
In order to evidence the security interests of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Seller shall, from time to time take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary (including such actions as are reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent) to maintain and perfect, as a first-priority interest, the Administrative Agents security interest in the Pool Receivables, Related Security and Collections. The Seller shall, from time to time and within
the time limits established by law, prepare and present to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agents authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments, continuations or initial financing statements in lieu of a
continuation statement, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and perfect the Administrative Agents security interest as a first-priority interest. The Administrative Agents approval of such filings shall authorize the Seller
to file such financing statements under the UCC without the signature of the Seller, any Originator or the Administrative Agent where allowed by applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Seller
shall not have any authority to file a termination, partial termination, release, partial release, or any amendment that deletes the name of a debtor or excludes collateral of any such financing statements filed in connection with the Transaction
Documents, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(q) Certain Agreements. Without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers, the Seller will not (and will not permit any Originator or the Servicer to) amend, modify, waive, revoke or terminate any Transaction Document to which it is a party or any provision
of the Sellers organizational documents which requires the consent of the Independent Director (as such term is used in the Sellers certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement). 

89 

(r) Restricted Payments. 

(i) Except pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) below, the Seller will not: (A) purchase or redeem any of its membership
interests, (B) declare or pay any equity distribution or set aside any funds for any such purpose, (C) prepay, purchase or redeem any Indebtedness, (D) lend or advance any funds or (E) repay any loans or advances (including any
Subordinated Loan) to, for or from any of its Affiliates (the amounts described in clauses (A) through (E) being referred to as Restricted Payments). 

(ii) The Seller may declare and pay dividends to Kinetik on any Settlement Date after all payments and allocations required to
be made pursuant to Section 3.01(a) have been made on such Settlement Date only so long as no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such dividends. 

(iii) Payments of principal and interest on any Subordinated Loan may be made on each Settlement Date pursuant to
Section 3.01(a)(vi) to the extent funds are available therefor in accordance with the priorities for payment set forth in Section 3.01(a). In addition, on any Distribution Date solely from amounts
paid to the Seller in a Collection Account, after all payments and allocations required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01(a) have been made on any Settlement Date, the Seller may declare and pay equity distributions to
Kinetik, purchase Receivables under the Transfer Agreement, repay any Subordinated Loan or pay interest accrued on any Subordinated Loan, in each case, only so long as no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing or would
result therefrom; provided, however, that the Seller shall not declare or pay any distributions if the Sellers Net Worth would be less than the Required Capital Amount immediately after giving effect to such distribution. 

(s) Other Business. The Seller will not: (i) engage in any business other than the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, (ii) create, incur or permit to exist any Indebtedness of any kind (or cause or permit to be issued for its account any letters of credit or bankers acceptances) other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Subordinated Loans
or (iii) form any Subsidiary or make any investments in any other Person. 

(t) Use of Collections Available to the Seller. The
Seller shall apply Collections available to the Seller to make payments in accordance with Section 3.01(a) or as otherwise permitted under the terms of this Agreement. 

(u) Further Assurances; Change in Name or Jurisdiction of Origination, etc. 

(i) The Seller hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary)
and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest granted
pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to enable the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to 

90 

exercise and enforce the Secured Parties rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Without limiting the foregoing, the Seller hereby authorizes, and
will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, at the Sellers own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing statements or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments and documents, that may be
necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any of the foregoing. 

(ii) The Seller authorizes the Administrative Agent to file financing statements, continuation statements and amendments
thereto and assignments thereof, relating to the Pool Receivables, the Related Security, the related Contracts, Collections with respect thereto and the other Supporting Assets without the signature of the Seller. A photocopy or other reproduction
of this Agreement shall be sufficient as a financing statement where permitted by law. 

(iii) The Seller shall at all times
be organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and shall not take any action to change its jurisdiction of organization. 

(iv) The Seller will not change its name, location, identity or corporate structure unless (x) the Seller, at its own
expense, shall have taken all action necessary or appropriate to perfect or maintain the perfection of the security interest under this Agreement (including the filing of all financing statements and the taking of such other action as the
Administrative Agent may request in connection with such change or relocation) and (y) if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Seller shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, an opinion, in form and substance satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent as to such UCC perfection and priority matters as the Administrative Agent may request at such time. 

(v)
Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Seller covenants and agrees that: 

(i) it shall
immediately notify the Administrative Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event; 

(ii) it shall
immediately provide substitute Seller Collateral to the Administrative Agent if, at any time, any Seller Collateral becomes Blocked Property; 

(iii) it shall conduct its business in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and
International Trade Laws and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws by each Covered Entity, and its
directors and officers, and any employee, agent or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity in connection with this Agreement; 

91 

(iv) it shall not, for as long as any Purchaser has any outstanding
Commitment, such Covered Entity shall not permit its directors and officers, and any employee, agent, or affiliate acting on behalf of such Seller-Related Party in connection with this Agreement, nor such Covered Entitys Subsidiaries to:
(A) become a Sanctioned Person; (B) directly or indirectly, provide, use, or make available the proceeds of any Investment hereunder (i) to fund any activities or business of, with, or for the benefit of any Person that, at the time
of such funding or facilitation, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction, (iii) in any manner that could result in a violation by any Person of Anti-Corruption Law,
Anti-Money Laundering, or International Trade Laws (including the Administrative Agent, Purchasers, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise) or (iv) in violation of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable
Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or International Trade Law; (C) repay the Capital with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful activity; or (D) permit any Seller Collateral to become Blocked Property; and 

(v) it shall not, for as long as any Purchaser has any outstanding Commitment, directly or indirectly provide, use, or make
available the proceeds of any Investment hereunder to any of such Seller-Related Party Subsidiaries in violation of this Section 7.01(v). 

(w) Sellers Net Worth. The Seller shall not permit the Sellers Net Worth to be less than the Required Capital Amount. 

(x) Taxes. The Seller will (i) timely file all material Tax returns (federal, state and local) required to be filed by it and
(ii) pay, or cause to be paid, all Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and as to
which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(y) Sellers Tax Status. The Seller will remain a wholly-owned subsidiary of a United States person (within the meaning of
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and not be subject to withholding under Section 1446 of the Code. The Seller shall not (i) become treated other than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation
301.7701-3 that is wholly owned by a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) become an association
taxable as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) become subject to any Tax in any jurisdiction outside the United States or (iv) become subject to any material
Tax imposed by a state or local taxing authority. 

(z) Minimum Funding Threshold. The Seller shall cause the Aggregate Capital to
equal or exceed the Minimum Funding Threshold at all times. 

(aa) Liquidity Coverage Ratio. The Seller shall not issue any LCR
Security. 

(bb) Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information. The Seller shall provide to the
Administrative Agent: (i) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers; (ii) a new Certificate of Beneficial
Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser, when the individual(s) 

92 

to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed; and (iii) such other information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser from time
to time for purposes of compliance by the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser with applicable Laws (including the USA PATRIOT Act and other know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws and regulations), and any policy or
procedure implemented by the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser to comply therewith. 

(cc) Linked Accounts. The Seller shall
not permit any Linked Account to exist with respect to any Collection Account. 

SECTION 7.02 Covenants of the Servicer. At all
times from the Closing Date until the Final Payout Date: 

(a) Existence. The Servicer shall keep in full force and effect its
existence and rights as a limited partnership under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Servicer shall obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or the servicing of the Pool
Receivables as required by this Agreement requires such qualification, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Financial Reporting. The Servicer will maintain a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, and
the Servicer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent each of the financial statements, certifications, reports (including Pool Reports), filings and other documents and information required to be delivered by the Seller pursuant to
Section 7.01(c) when due to be delivered by the Seller thereunder. 

(c) Notices. The Servicer will notify
the Administrative Agent in writing of any of the following events promptly upon (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after, unless otherwise specified below) an Authorized Officer or other officer learning of the occurrence
thereof, with such notice describing the same, and if applicable, the steps being taken by the Person(s) affected with respect thereto: 

(i) Notice of Events of Default or Potential Defaults. A statement of an Authorized Officer of the Servicer setting
forth details of any Event of Default or Potential Default that has occurred and is continuing and the action which the Servicer proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(ii) Representations and Warranties. The failure of any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by the
Servicer under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be true and correct when made, except where such failure could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect as of the time of discovery. 

(iii) Litigation. The institution of any litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

93 

(iv) Adverse Claim. (A) Any Person shall obtain an
Adverse Claim upon the Supporting Assets or any portion thereof, (B) any Person other than the Seller, the Servicer or the Administrative Agent shall obtain any rights or direct any action with respect to any Collection Account (or related Lock-Box) or (C) any Obligor shall receive any change in payment instructions with respect to Pool Receivable(s) or any Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider receiving any change in payment instructions
with respect to any Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit from a Person other than the Servicer or the Administrative Agent. 

(v) Name Changes. Promptly upon any change in any Originators or the Sellers name, jurisdiction of
organization or any other change requiring the amendment of UCC financing statements. 

(vi) Change in Accountants or
Accounting Policy. Any change in (i) the external accountants of any Seller-Related Party, (ii) any accounting policy of the Seller or (iii) any material accounting policy of any Originator that is relevant to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (it being understood that any change to the manner in which any Originator accounts for the Pool Receivables shall be deemed material for such purpose). 

(vii) Transfer Termination Event. The occurrence of any Transfer Termination Event. 

(viii) Material Adverse Change. Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any material adverse change in the
business, operations, property or financial or other condition of any Originator, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or the Seller. 

(ix) ERISA Event. Immediately upon the occurrence of any ERISA Event, notice in writing setting forth the details
thereof and the action which the Seller-Related Parties propose to take with respect thereto. 

(d) Conduct of Business. The
Servicer will carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted, and will do all things necessary to remain duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing as a domestic limited partnership in Delaware and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted if the failure to have such authority could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Compliance with Laws. The Servicer will comply with all applicable Laws to which it may be subject if
the failure to comply could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Furnishing of Information and Inspection of
Receivables. The Servicer will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser from time to time such information with respect to the Pool Receivables and the other Supporting Assets as the Administrative Agent or
any Purchaser may reasonably request. The Servicer will, at the Servicers expense, during regular business hours with reasonable prior written notice, (i) permit the Administrative Agent (together with and joining in the same visitation,
each Purchaser or their 

94 

respective agents or representatives) to (A) examine and make copies of and abstracts from all books and records relating to the Pool Receivables or other Supporting Assets, as reasonably
necessary to monitor the Sellers and performance hereunder and the other Transaction Documents, (B) visit the offices and properties of the Seller and the Servicer for the purpose of examining such books and records as reasonably
necessary to monitor the Sellers and the Servicers performance hereunder and the other Transaction Documents, and (C) discuss matters relating to the Pool Receivables, the other Supporting Assets or the Sellers and the
Servicers performance hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party with any of the officers, directors, employees or independent public accountants of the Seller and the Servicer (provided that representatives of
the Servicer are present during such discussions) having knowledge of such matters, and (ii) without limiting the provisions of clause (i) above, during regular business hours, at the Servicers expense, upon prior written
notice from the Administrative Agent, permit certified public accountants or other auditors acceptable to the Administrative Agent to conduct a review of its books and records with respect to the Pool Receivables and other Supporting Assets;
provided, that the Servicer shall be required to reimburse the Administrative Agent for only one (1) such review pursuant to clause (ii) above in any twelve-month period unless an Event of Default or Potential Default has
occurred and is continuing. The inspection rights under this Section 7.02(f) shall be conducted concurrently with similar inspection rights under the Transfer Agreement to inspect the Originators. 

(g) Payments on Receivables, Collection Accounts, Payments and Drawings on Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit. 

(i) Subject to Section 7.04, the Servicer will at all times, instruct all Obligors to deliver
payments on the Pool Receivables to a Collection Account or a Lock-Box. The Servicer will, at all times, maintain such books and records necessary to identify Collections received from time to time on Pool
Receivables and to segregate such Collections from other property of the Servicer and the Originators. If any payments on the Pool Receivables or other Collections are received by the Seller, the Servicer or an Originator, it shall hold such
payments in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties and promptly (but in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt) remit such funds into a Collection Account. The Servicer will
cause each Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of each applicable Account Control Agreement. The Servicer shall not permit funds other than Collections on Pool Receivables and other Supporting Assets to be deposited into any Collection
Account. If such funds are nevertheless deposited into any Collection Account, the Servicer will within two (2) Business Days identify and transfer such funds to the appropriate Person entitled to such funds. The Servicer will not, and will not
permit the Seller, any Originator or any other Person to commingle Collections or other funds to which the Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any other Secured Party is entitled, with any other funds. The Servicer shall only add a Collection
Account (or a related Lock-Box), or a Collection Account Bank to those listed on Schedule II to this Agreement, if the Administrative Agent has received notice of such addition and an executed and
acknowledged copy of an Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent from the applicable Collection Account Bank. The Servicer shall only terminate a Collection Account Bank or
close a Collection Account (or a related Lock-Box) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Servicer shall ensure that no disbursements are made from any Collection Account, other than
such disbursements that are made at the direction and for the account of the Seller. 

95 

(ii) The Servicer will (on behalf of the Seller), unless otherwise agreed in
writing by the Administrative Agent, instruct each Originator, in its capacity as the beneficiary of an Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit, to instruct each Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider to make payments in respect of Eligible
Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the applicable Originator fails to do so and, if an Eligible
Supporting Letter of Credit Provider fails to so deliver payments to a Lock-Box Account, the Servicer will, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Administrative Agent, use all reasonable efforts to cause
the applicable Originator to cause such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit Provider to deliver subsequent payments (if any) in respect of Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit issued (or confirmed by) such Eligible Supporting Letter of Credit
Provider directly to a Lock-Box Account if the applicable Originator fails to do so. 

(iii) The Servicer shall (on behalf of the Seller) direct each Originator to make drawings under Eligible Supporting Letters of
Credit as to which such Originator is the beneficiary at the time and using at least the same degree of skill and care as the applicable Originator would have used had it not sold the Receivables supported by Eligible Supporting Letters of Credit to
the Seller, if the applicable Originator fails to do so. 

(h) Extension or Amendment of Pool Receivables. Except as otherwise
permitted in Section 8.02, the Servicer will not alter the delinquency status or adjust the Outstanding Balance or otherwise modify the terms of any Pool Receivable in any material respect, or amend, modify or waive, in any
material respect, any term or condition of any related Contract. The Servicer shall at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material respects with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under
the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables, and timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Pool Receivable and the related Contract. 

(i) Change in Credit and Collection Policy. The Servicer will not make any material change in the Credit and Collection Policy without
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers. Promptly following any change in the Credit and Collection Policy, the Servicer will deliver a copy of the updated Credit and Collection Policy to the Administrative
Agent. 

(j) Records. The Servicer will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to
recreate records evidencing Pool Receivables and related Contracts in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records, computer tapes and disks and other information reasonably necessary or
advisable for the collection of all Pool Receivables (including records adequate to permit the daily identification of each Pool Receivable and all Collections of and adjustments to each existing Pool Receivable). 

96 

(k) Identifying of Records. The Servicer shall cause its master data processing
records relating to Pool Receivables and related Contracts to clearly and unambiguously indicate that the Pool Receivables have been sold or contributed by the Originators to the Seller and sold or pledged by the Seller pursuant this Agreement. 

(l) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. The Servicer shall not (and shall not permit any
Sub-Servicer to) add, replace or terminate any Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box) or make any change in its instructions to the Obligors regarding payments to
be made to the Collection Accounts (or any related Lock-Box), other than any instruction to remit payments to a different Collection Account (or any related Lock-Box),
unless the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) prior written notice of such addition, termination or change and (ii) a signed and acknowledged Account Control Agreement (or an amendment thereto) with respect to such new Collection
Accounts (or any related Lock-Box) and the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such change in writing. 

(m) Security Interest, Etc. The Servicer shall, at its expense, take all action necessary or reasonably desirable to establish and
maintain a valid and enforceable first priority perfected ownership or security interest in the Supporting Assets, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim in favor of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), including
taking such action to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) as the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party may reasonably request. In order to evidence the
security interests of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Servicer shall, from time to time take such action, or execute and deliver such instruments as may be necessary (including such actions as are reasonably requested by the
Administrative Agent) to maintain and perfect, as a first-priority interest, the Administrative Agents security interest in the Pool Receivables, Related Security and Collections. The Servicer shall, from time to time and within the time
limits established by law, prepare and present to the Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agents authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments, continuations or initial financing statements in lieu of a continuation
statement, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and perfect the Administrative Agents security interest as a first-priority interest. The Administrative Agents approval of such filings shall authorize the Servicer to file
such financing statements under the UCC without the signature of the Seller, any Originator or the Administrative Agent where allowed by applicable Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Servicer shall
not have any authority to file a termination, partial termination, release, partial release, or any amendment that deletes the name of a debtor or excludes collateral of any such financing statements filed in connection with the Transaction
Documents, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(n) Further Assurances; Change in Name or Jurisdiction of
Origination, etc. The Servicer hereby authorizes and hereby agrees from time to time, at its own expense, promptly to execute (if necessary) and deliver all further instruments and documents, and to take all further actions, that may be
necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to enable the Administrative
Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties) to exercise and enforce their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the foregoing, the Servicer

97 

hereby authorizes, and will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, at the Servicers own expense, execute (if necessary) and file such financing statements or continuation
statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments and documents, that may be necessary or desirable, or that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or evidence any of the foregoing. 

(o) Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws. The Servicer covenants and agrees that: 

(i) it shall immediately notify the Administrative Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event; 

(ii) it shall immediately provide substitute Seller Collateral to the Administrative Agent if, at any time, any Seller
Collateral becomes Blocked Property; 

(iii) it shall conduct its business in compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption
Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and International Trade Laws
by each Covered Entity, and its directors and officers, and any employee, agent or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity in connection with this Agreement; 

(iv) it shall not, for as long as any Purchaser has any outstanding Commitment, such Covered Entity shall not permit its
directors and officers, and any employee, agent, or affiliate acting on behalf of such Covered Entity in connection with this Agreement, nor such Covered Entitys Subsidiaries to: (A) become a Sanctioned Person; (B) directly or
indirectly, provide, use, or make available the proceeds of any Investment hereunder (i) to fund any activities or business of, with, or for the benefit of any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is a Sanctioned Person,
(ii) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or in any Sanctioned Jurisdiction, (iii) in any manner that could result in a violation by any Person of Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering, or International Trade Laws
(including the Administrative Agent, any Purchaser, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise) or (iv) in violation of any applicable Law, including, without limitation, any applicable Anti-Corruption Law, Anti-Money Laundering Law or
International Trade Law; (C) repay the Capital with Blocked Property or funds derived from any unlawful activity; or (D) permit any Seller Collateral to become Blocked Property; and 

(v) it shall not, for as long as any Purchaser has any outstanding Commitment, directly or indirectly provide, use, or make
available the proceeds of any Investment hereunder to any of such Seller-Related Party Subsidiaries in violation of this Section 7.02(o). 

(p) Taxes. The Servicer will (i) timely file all federal, state, and other material Tax returns required to be filed by it and
(ii) pay, or cause to be paid, all federal, state, and other material Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, if any, other than Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings diligently conducted and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 

98 

(q) Sellers Tax Status. The Servicer shall take all actions to ensure that the
Seller does not become (i) being treated other than as a disregarded entity within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 301.7701-3 that is wholly owned by a United States
person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) an association taxable as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, (iii) subject to any Tax in any jurisdiction outside the United States or (iv) subject to any material Tax imposed by a state or local taxing authority. 

(r) Linked Accounts. The Servicer shall not permit any Linked Account to exist with respect to any Collection Account. 

(s) Pricing Certificate. As soon as available and in any event within one hundred eighty (180) days following the end of the most
recent calendar year (commencing with the calendar year 2024), a Pricing Certificate for the most recently-ended calendar year; provided, that, for any calendar year the Servicer may elect not to deliver a Pricing Certificate, and such
election shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default (but such failure to so deliver a Pricing Certificate shall result in the Sustainability Rate Adjustment being applied as set forth in Section 2.10(c)). 

(t) Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy. Within five (5) days after the Servicer becomes aware of a Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy, a
statement of an Authorized Officer of the Servicer setting forth details of such Pricing Certificate Inaccuracy (including corrections to the calculations of the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the Methane Emissions KPI Metrics, as applicable). 

SECTION 7.03 Separate Existence of the Seller. Each of the Seller and the Servicer hereby acknowledges that the Purchaser Parties
are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in reliance upon the Sellers identity as a legal entity separate from each other Seller-Related Party and their Affiliates. Therefore, each
of the Seller and Servicer shall take all steps specifically required by this Agreement or reasonably required by any Purchaser Party to continue the Sellers identity as a separate legal entity and to make it apparent to third Persons that the
Seller is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of each other Seller-Related Party and any other Person, and is not a division of any other Seller-Related Party or any other Person. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing and in addition to and consistent with the other covenants set forth herein, each of the Seller and the Servicer shall take such actions as shall be required in order that: 

(a) Special Purpose Entity. The Seller will be a special purpose company whose primary activities are restricted in its limited
liability company agreement to: (i) purchasing or otherwise acquiring from the Originators, owning, holding, collecting, granting security interests or selling interests in the Supporting Assets, (ii) entering into agreements for the
selling, servicing and financing of the Receivables Pool (including the Transaction Documents) and (iii) conducting such other activities as it deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its primary activities. 

99 

(b) No Other Business or Indebtedness. The Seller shall not (i) engage in any
business or activity except as set forth in this Agreement nor (ii), incur any indebtedness or liability other than as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents. 

(c) Independent Director. Not fewer than one member of the Sellers board of directors (the Independent
Director) shall be a natural person who (i) has never been, and shall at no time be, an equity holder, director, officer, manager, member, partner, officer, employee or associate, or any relative of the foregoing, of any member of the
Kinetik Group (as hereinafter defined) (other than his or her service as an Independent Director of the Seller or an independent director of any other bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of securitizing, or
facilitating the securitization of, financial assets of any member or members of the Kinetik Group), (ii) is not a customer or supplier of any member of the Kinetik Group (other than his or her service as an Independent Director of the Seller or an
independent director of any other bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity formed for the sole purpose of securitizing, or facilitating the securitization of, financial assets of any member or members of the Kinetik Group), (iii) is not any member
of the immediate family of a person described in (i) or (ii) above, and (iv) has (x) prior experience as an independent director for a corporation or limited liability company whose organizational or charter documents
required the unanimous consent of all independent directors thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief
under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (y) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or
placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. For purposes of this clause (c), Kinetik Group means (i) each Seller-Related Party, (ii) each person
that directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, five percent (5%) or more of the membership interests in the Kinetik, (iii) each person that controls, is controlled by or is
under common control with the Kinetik and (iv) each of such persons officers, directors, managers, joint venturers and partners. For the purposes of this definition, control of a person means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. A person shall be deemed to be an associate of
(A) a corporation or organization of which such person is an officer, director, partner or manager or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of equity securities, (B) any trust or other
estate in which such person serves as trustee or in a similar capacity and (C) any relative or spouse of a person described in clause (A) or (B) of this sentence, or any relative of such spouse. 

The Seller shall (A) give written notice to the Administrative Agent of the election or appointment, or proposed election or appointment,
of a new Independent Director of the Seller, which notice shall be given not later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date such appointment or election would be effective (except when such election or appointment is necessary to fill a
vacancy caused by the death, disability, or incapacity of the existing Independent Director, or the failure of such Independent Director to satisfy the criteria for an Independent Director set forth in this clause (c), in which case the
Seller shall provide written notice of such election or appointment within one (1) Business Day) and (B) with any such written notice, certify to the Administrative Agent that the Independent Director satisfies the criteria for an
Independent Director set forth in this clause (c). 

100 

The Sellers limited liability company agreement shall provide that: (A) the
Sellers board of directors shall not approve, or take any other action to cause the filing of, a voluntary bankruptcy petition with respect to the Seller unless the Independent Director shall approve the taking of such action in writing before
the taking of such action and (B) such provision and each other provision requiring an Independent Director cannot be amended without the prior written consent of the Independent Director. 

The Independent Director shall not at any time serve as a trustee in bankruptcy for any Seller-Related Party or any of their respective
Affiliates. 

(d) Organizational Documents. The Seller shall maintain its organizational documents in conformity with this
Agreement, such that it does not amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify its ability to comply with the terms and provisions of any of the Transaction Documents, including Section 7.01(p). 

(e) Conduct of Business. The Seller shall conduct its affairs strictly in accordance with its organizational documents and observe all
necessary, appropriate and customary company formalities, including holding all regular and special members and board of directors meetings appropriate to authorize all company action, keeping separate and accurate minutes of its
meetings, passing all resolutions or consents necessary to authorize actions taken or to be taken, and maintaining accurate and separate books, records and accounts, including payroll and intercompany transaction accounts. 

(f) Compensation. Any employee, consultant or agent of the Seller will be compensated from the Sellers funds for services
provided to the Seller, and to the extent that Seller shares the same officers or other employees as the Servicer (or any other Affiliate thereof), the salaries and expenses relating to providing benefits to such officers and other employees shall
be fairly allocated among such entities, and each such entity shall bear its fair share of the salary and benefit costs associated with such common officers and employees. The Seller will not engage any agents other than its attorneys, auditors and
other professionals, and a servicer and any other agent contemplated by the Transaction Documents for the Receivables Pool, which servicer will be fully compensated for its services by payment of the Servicing Fee. 

(g) Servicing and Costs. The Seller will contract with the Servicer to perform for the Seller all operations required on a daily basis
to service the Receivables Pool. The Seller will not incur any indirect or overhead expenses for items shared with the Servicer (or any other Affiliate thereof) that are not reflected in the Servicing Fee. To the extent, if any, that the Seller (or
any Affiliate thereof) shares items of expenses not reflected in the Servicing Fee, such as legal, auditing and other professional services, such expenses will be allocated to the extent practical on the basis of actual use or the value of services
rendered, and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to the actual use or the value of services rendered. 

(h) Operating Expenses.
The Sellers operating expenses will not be paid by any Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof. 

101 

(i) Stationery. The Seller will have its own separate stationery. 

(j) Books and Records. The Sellers books and records will be maintained separately from those of any other Seller-Related Party
and any of their Affiliates and in a manner such that it will not be difficult or costly to segregate, ascertain or otherwise identify the assets and liabilities of the Seller. 

(k) Disclosure of Transactions. All financial statements of any Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof that are consolidated to
include the Seller will disclose that (i) the Sellers sole business consists of the purchase or acceptance through capital contributions of the Receivables and Related Rights from the Originators and the subsequent retransfer of or
granting of a security interest in such Receivables and Related Rights to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Seller is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, upon its
liquidation, to be satisfied out of the Sellers assets prior to any assets or value in the Seller becoming available to the Sellers equity holders and (iii) the assets of the Seller are not available to pay creditors of any other
Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof. 

(l) Segregation of Assets. The Sellers assets will be maintained in a manner
that facilitates their identification and segregation from those of any other Seller-Related Party or any Affiliates thereof. 

(m)
Corporate Formalities. The Seller will strictly observe limited liability company formalities in its dealings with any other Seller-Related Party or any Affiliates thereof, and funds or other assets of the Seller will not be commingled with
those of any other Seller-Related Party or any Affiliates thereof except as permitted by this Agreement in connection with servicing the Pool Receivables. The Seller shall not maintain joint bank accounts or other depository accounts to which any
other Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof (other than the Servicer solely in its capacity as such) has independent access. The Seller is not named, and has not entered into any agreement to be named, directly or indirectly, as a direct or
contingent beneficiary or loss payee on any insurance policy with respect to any loss relating to the property of any other Seller-Related Party or other Affiliates thereof. The Seller will pay to the appropriate Affiliate the marginal increase or,
in the absence of such increase, the market amount of its portion of the premium payable with respect to any insurance policy that covers the Seller and such Affiliate. 

(n) Arms-Length Relationships. The Seller will maintain
arms-length relationships with any other Seller-Related Party and any Affiliates thereof. Any Person that renders or otherwise furnishes services to the Seller will be compensated by the Seller at market
rates for such services it renders or otherwise furnishes to the Seller. Neither the Seller on the one hand, nor any other Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof, on the other hand, will be or will hold itself out to be responsible for the
debts of the other or the decisions or actions respecting the daily business and affairs of the other. The Seller-Related Parties and their respective Affiliates will immediately correct any known misrepresentation with respect to the foregoing, and
they will not operate or purport to operate as an integrated single economic unit with respect to each other or in their dealing with any other entity. 

102 

(o) Allocation of Overhead. To the extent that Seller, on the one hand, and any other
Seller-Related Party or any Affiliate thereof, on the other hand, have offices in the same location, there shall be a fair and appropriate allocation of overhead costs between them, and the Seller shall bear its fair share of such expenses, which
may be paid through the Servicing Fee or otherwise. 

SECTION 7.04 Post-Closing Covenants. 

(a) As soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing
Date, Seller and/or Servicer shall deliver instructions to all Obligors that remit Collections to the KHLP Collection Account instructing them to remit Collections directly to one or more of the Surviving Collection Accounts.

(b) As soon
as reasonably practicable following the Closing Date (and in all events within fourteen (14) days after the Closing Date or such later date as Administrative Agent may permit in writing), Servicer shall cause the Affiliates of Servicer that are
account owners of Surviving Collection Accounts to enter into Account Control Agreements with the Collection Account Bank and deliver executed counterparts of each Account Control Agreement to the Administrative Agent.

(c)
Following the delivery of the instructions contemplated in Section 7.04(a) above, (i) Seller and Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Obligors comply with such instructions as soon as reasonably practicable (and in all
events within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date or such later date as Administrative Agent may permit in writing), and (ii) Seller shall transfer all Collections received into the KHLP Collection Account (or any other account that is
not a Surviving Collection Account) into a Surviving Collection Account at least once every Business Day.

(d)
On or prior to the sixtieth (60th) day after the
ClosingAmendment
No. 1 Effective Date (or such later date as Administrative Agent may permit in writing), (i) the Surviving
Collections AccountsFrontier Collection Account
shall be novated from the existing account owner to the Seller,
and (ii) deposits not related to Receivables shall be directed to accounts other than Surviving Collection Accounts, and (iii) all disbursement activity (other than activity
permitted under the Transfer Agreement) shall be moved from Surviving Collection Accounts to other accounts.
the Frontier Collection Account shall be subject to an Account Control Agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE VIII 

ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 

OF RECEIVABLES; CREDIT INSURANCE 

SECTION 8.01 Appointment of the Servicer. 

(a) The servicing, administering and collection of the Pool Receivables shall be conducted by the Person so designated from time to time as
the Servicer in accordance with this Section 8.01. Until the Administrative Agent gives notice to Kinetik (in accordance with this Section 8.01) of the designation of a new Servicer, Kinetik is
hereby designated as, and hereby 

103 

agrees to perform the duties and obligations of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the
Required Purchasers) and shall (at the direction of the Required Purchasers) designate as Servicer any Person (including itself) to succeed Kinetik or any successor Servicer, on such terms and conditions as the Administrative Agent may agree in its
discretion. 

(b) Upon the designation of a successor Servicer as set forth in clause (a) above, Kinetik agrees that it will
facilitate the transition of the performance of such activities to the new Servicer in a manner that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines, and Kinetik shall cooperate with and assist such new Servicer. Such cooperation shall include access
to records (including all Contracts) related to Pool Receivables hardware or software necessary or reasonably desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security. 

(c) Kinetik acknowledges that, in making its decision to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser have
relied on Kinetiks agreement to act as Servicer hereunder. Accordingly, Kinetik agrees that it will not voluntarily resign as Servicer without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. 

(d) The Servicer may delegate its duties and obligations hereunder to one or more sub-servicers (each,
a Sub-Servicer); provided, that, in each such delegation, (i) the Servicer shall remain liable for the performance of the duties and obligations so delegated, (ii) the
Seller, the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser shall have the right to look solely to the Servicer for performance, (iii) the terms of any agreement with any Sub-Servicer shall provide that the
Administrative Agent may terminate such agreement upon the termination of the Servicer hereunder by giving notice of its desire to terminate such agreement to the Servicer (and the Servicer shall provide appropriate notice to each such Sub-Servicer) and (iv) if such Sub-Servicer is not an Affiliate of Kinetik, the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers shall have consented in writing in
advance to such delegation. 

SECTION 8.02 Duties of the Servicer. 

(a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such action as may be necessary or reasonably advisable to service, administer and
collect each Pool Receivable from time to time, all in accordance with this Agreement and all applicable Laws, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and consistent with the past practices of the
Originators. The Servicer shall set aside, for the accounts of each Purchaser Party, the amount of Collections it or its Affiliates actually receive to which each such Purchaser Party is entitled in accordance with Article III hereof. The
Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy and consistent with past practices of the Originators, take such action, including modifications, waivers or restructurings of Pool Receivables and related Contracts, as the Servicer
may reasonably determine to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof or reflect adjustments expressly permitted under the Credit and Collection Policy or as expressly required under applicable Laws or the applicable Contract; provided,
that for purposes of this Agreement: (i) such action shall not, and shall not be deemed to, change the number of days such Pool Receivable has remained unpaid from the date of the original due date related to such Pool Receivable (unless such
Pool Receivable is no longer deemed an Eligible Receivable hereunder or the Administrative Agent otherwise consents to such action (such consent not to be unreasonably 

104 

withheld)), (ii) such action shall not alter the status of such Pool Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or a Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of any Secured Party under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document and (iii) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Servicer may take such action only upon the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. The Seller shall deliver to the Servicer and
the Servicer shall hold for the benefit of the Administrative Agent (individually and for the benefit of each Purchaser Party), in accordance with their respective interests, all records and documents (including computer tapes or disks) with respect
to each Pool Receivable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may direct the Servicer to commence or settle any legal action to enforce collection
of any Pool Receivable that is a Defaulted Receivable or to foreclose upon or repossess any Related Security with respect to any such Defaulted Receivable. 

(b) The Servicer shall, as soon as practicable following actual receipt of collected funds, turn over to the Seller the collections of any
indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, less, if Kinetik or an Affiliate thereof is not the Servicer, all reasonable and appropriate out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of such Servicer of servicing, collecting and administering such collections. The Servicer, if other than Kinetik or an Affiliate thereof, shall, as soon as practicable upon demand, deliver to the Seller all records in its possession that evidence
or relate to any indebtedness that is not a Pool Receivable, and copies of records in its possession that evidence or relate to any indebtedness that is a Pool Receivable. 

(c) The Servicers obligations hereunder shall terminate on the Final Payout Date. Promptly following the Final Payout Date, the Servicer
shall deliver to the Seller all books, records and related materials that the Seller previously provided to the Servicer, or that have been obtained by the Servicer, in connection with this Agreement. 

SECTION 8.03 Collection Account Arrangements. Within the time period provided for in Section 7.04(b)
hereof, the Seller shall have entered into an Account Control Agreement with each Collection Account Bank and delivered executed counterparts of each to the Administrative Agent. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
or Potential Default, the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Required Purchasers) and shall (upon the direction of the Required Purchasers) at any time thereafter give notice to each Collection Account Bank that the Administrative
Agent is exercising its rights under the Account Control Agreements to do any or all of the following: (a) to have the exclusive dominion and control of the Collection Accounts transferred to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the
Secured Parties) and to exercise exclusive dominion and control over the funds deposited therein (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), (b) to have the proceeds that are sent to the respective Collection Accounts redirected pursuant to the
Administrative Agents instructions rather than deposited in the applicable Collection Account and (c) to take any or all other actions permitted under the applicable Account Control Agreement. The Seller hereby agrees that if the
Administrative Agent at any time takes any action set forth in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) of the proceeds (including Collections) of all Pool Receivables and
the Seller hereby further agrees to take any other action that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to transfer such control. Any proceeds of Pool Receivables received by the Seller or the Servicer thereafter shall be sent immediately to,
or as otherwise instructed by, the Administrative Agent. 

105 

SECTION 8.04 Enforcement Rights. 

(a) At any time following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default: 

(i) the Administrative Agent (at the Sellers expense) may direct the Obligors that payment of all amounts payable under
any Pool Receivable is to be made directly to the Administrative Agent or its designee; 

(ii) the Administrative Agent may
instruct the Seller or the Servicer to give notice of the Secured Parties interest in Pool Receivables to each Obligor, which notice shall direct that payments be made directly to the Administrative Agent or its designee (on behalf of the
Secured Parties), and the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall give such notice at the expense of the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be; provided, that if the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, fails to so
notify each Obligor within two (2) Business Days following instruction by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent (at the Sellers or the Servicers, as the case may be, expense) may so notify the Obligors; 

(iii) the Administrative Agent may request the Servicer to, and upon such request the Servicer shall: (A) assemble all of
the records necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and transfer or license to a successor Servicer the use of all software necessary or desirable to collect the Pool Receivables and the Related Security, and
make the same available to the Administrative Agent or its designee (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) at a place selected by the Administrative Agent and (B) segregate all cash, checks and other instruments received by it from time to
time constituting Collections in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, promptly upon receipt, remit all such cash, checks and instruments, duly endorsed or with duly executed instruments of transfer, to the Administrative
Agent or its designee; 

(iv) the Administrative Agent may notify the Collection Account Banks that the Seller and the
Servicer will no longer have any access to the Collection Accounts; 

(v) the Administrative Agent may (or, at the direction
of the Required Purchasers shall) replace the Person then acting as Servicer; and 

(vi) the Administrative Agent may
collect any amounts due from an Originator under the Transfer Agreement or the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent upon an Event of Default are in
addition to and not exclusive of the rights and remedies contained herein and under the other Transaction Documents. 

(b) The Seller
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact with full power
of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Seller, which 

106 

appointment is coupled with an interest, to take any and all steps in the name of the Seller and on behalf of the Seller necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of the
Administrative Agent, after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to collect any and all amounts or portions thereof due under any and all Supporting Assets, including endorsing the name of the Seller on checks and other
instruments representing Collections and enforcing such Supporting Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such
attorney-in-fact pursuant to the preceding sentence shall subject such attorney-in-fact
to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate or invalid, nor shall they confer any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner
whatsoever. 

(c) The Servicer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Secured Parties), and irrevocably appoints the
Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution and with full authority in the place and stead of the Servicer, which appointment is coupled
with an interest, to take any and all steps in the name of the Servicer and on behalf of the Servicer necessary or desirable, in the reasonable determination of the Administrative Agent, after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event
of Default, to collect any and all amounts or portions thereof due under any and all Supporting Assets, including endorsing the name of the Servicer on checks and other instruments representing Collections and enforcing such Supporting Assets.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, none of the powers conferred upon such attorney-in-fact pursuant to the preceding sentence shall
subject such attorney-in-fact to any liability if any action taken by it shall prove to be inadequate or invalid, nor shall they confer any obligations upon such attorney-in-fact in any manner whatsoever. 

SECTION 8.05
Responsibilities of the Seller. 

(a) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Seller shall: (i) perform in all
material respects its obligations, if any, under the Contracts related to the Pool Receivables to the same extent as if interests in such Pool Receivables had not been transferred hereunder, and the exercise by the Administrative Agent, or any other
Purchaser Party of their respective rights hereunder shall not relieve the Seller from such obligations and (ii) pay or cause to be paid when due any sales taxes, excise tax, personal property tax or similar taxes that are payable in connection
with the Pool Receivables and their creation and satisfaction and timely file all such tax returns required to be filed by it. None of the Purchaser Parties shall have any obligation or liability with respect to any Supporting Assets, nor shall any
of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Seller, the Servicer or any Originator thereunder. 

(b) Kinetik hereby
irrevocably agrees that if at any time it shall cease to be the Servicer hereunder, it shall act (if the then-current Servicer so requests) as the data-processing agent of the Servicer and, in such capacity, Kinetik shall conduct the data-processing
functions of the administration of the Receivables and the Collections thereon in substantially the same way that Kinetik conducted such data-processing functions while it acted as the Servicer. In connection with any such processing functions, the
Seller shall pay to Kinetik its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses from the Sellers own funds (subject to the priority of payments set forth in
Section 3.01(a)). 

107 

SECTION 8.06 Servicing Fee. 

(a) Subject to clause (b) below, the Seller shall pay the Servicer a fee (the Servicing Fee) equal to the
product of the Servicing Fee Rate multiplied by the daily average aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Pool Receivables. Accrued Servicing Fees shall be payable from Collections to the extent of available funds in accordance with
Section 3.01(a). 

(b) If the Servicer ceases to be Kinetik or an Affiliate thereof, the Servicing Fee shall be
the greater of: (i) the amount calculated pursuant to clause (a) above and (ii) an alternative amount agreed between the Administrative Agent and the successor Servicer in connection with the performance of its obligations as
Servicer hereunder. 

SECTION 8.07 Credit Insurance Policies. 

(a) At all times prior to the Final Payout Date while any Pool Receivables are being reported as Insured Receivables: 

(i) the Seller shall maintain the Credit Insurance Policy(ies) with respect thereto in full force and effect; 

(ii) the Seller shall pay all premiums and other amounts due by the Seller from time to time under such Credit Insurance Policy
when due in accordance with the terms thereof; 

(iii) the Seller and the Servicer shall refrain from taking any action or
omitting to take any action which could reasonably be expected to prejudice or limit the Sellers or the Administrative Agents rights to payment under such Credit Insurance Policy with respect to the Pool Receivables insured thereby; 

(iv) the Seller and the Servicer shall enforce the obligations of the applicable Credit Insurer under such Credit Insurance
Policy; 

(v) the Seller and the Servicer shall maintain all records and documents that may be necessary to make claims for
reimbursement under such Credit Insurance Policy; 

(vi) the Seller and the Servicer shall, and the Servicer shall cause the
Seller to, perform all its other obligations under such Credit Insurance Policy in accordance with the terms thereof (including, without limitation, delivering information regarding the relevant Pool Receivables and notices of insolvency with
respect to Obligors when required pursuant to the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy); 

(vii) the Seller and Servicer
shall advise promptly the Administrative Agent of any payment the Seller receives directly under any Credit Insurance Policy, any denial of coverage under any such policy, any cancelation of such policy or any other information received in
connection with any such policy which is material to the payment of any claim thereunder; 

108 

(viii) neither the Seller nor Servicer shall amend, modify or waive (or
consent to any such amendment, modification or waiver of) any provision of any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables, which is material to the payment of any claim thereunder, without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers; and 

(ix) the Seller and Servicer shall deliver any additional
instruments, certificates and documents, provide such other information and take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give further assurances of any of the rights granted or
provided for herein or under any Credit Insurance Policy (including, without limitation, providing copies of invoices, purchase orders, and the proof of delivery of products as may be requested by the insurer thereunder). 

(b) If the Seller fails to pay any premium or other amount due under any Credit Insurance Policy, the Administrative Agent may (in its sole
discretion) pay such premium or other amount from the Pool Receivables or Collections thereon or from its own funds in order to keep such Credit Insurance Policy in force. Any amount so paid by the Administrative Agent from its own funds shall
constitute an Indemnified Amount payable by the Seller to the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

(c) As to any Pool Receivables reported as
Insured Receivables only, in the event that any Obligor defaults on the payment of any of its Pool Receivables, becomes subject to an Relief Proceeding or becomes subject to any other event that gives rise to a claim for reimbursement under a Credit
Insurance Policy, the Seller and the Servicer shall, promptly (but not later than the later of (x) ten (10) Business Days after such event or (y) the first date on which such a claim may be filed pursuant to the terms of such Credit
Insurance Policy), file a claim for such reimbursement (with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent) in accordance with the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy and shall take any other actions required under the terms of such Credit Insurance
Policy to obtain such reimbursement (including, without limitation, providing the applicable Credit Insurer with itemized statements, invoices, bills of lading, purchase orders, summaries of collections efforts, evidence of debt or other
documentation that may be required under the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy). The Seller and the Servicer shall cause any amounts paid by a Credit Insurer under any Credit Insurance Policy to be paid directly to a Collection Account (or
related Lock-Box) owned by the Seller and to be applied as a Collection in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that a Credit Insurer pays a claim under a Credit Insurance Policy with respect to a Pool Receivable and the Seller is
required to subrogate its rights, claims, guaranties, security, collateral or defenses to such Credit Insurer in respect of such Pool Receivable, the Seller shall (and the Servicer shall cause Seller to) so subrogate such rights, claims, guaranties,
security, collateral or defenses in accordance with the terms of such Credit Insurance Policy. Simultaneously with receipt of such a payment in a Collection Account (or related Lock-Box) and upon such
subrogation, the Administrative Agent shall be automatically deemed to have released to the Seller any ownership or security interest it may have hereunder (on behalf of itself and the Purchasers) in such rights, claims, guaranties, security,
collateral or defenses so subrogated, to the extent necessary to permit such subrogation; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have released any such ownership or security interest it may have in
related rights under such Credit Insurance Policy (including, without limitation, any right of the Seller to receive ratable or other allocations of Collections or other recoveries in respect of the related Pool Receivables). 

109 

(e) If any Credit Insurance Policy ceases to be Eligible Credit Insurance, the Seller and
the Servicer shall furnish to the Administrative Agent written notice thereof, together with a statement of the actions the Seller plans to take to remedy such situation, if any, promptly but not later than five (5) Business Days thereafter.

(f) Any Collections received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Credit Insurance Policy (including as an additional insured
thereunder) shall be distributed in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in Section 3.01. 

ARTICLE IX 

EVENTS OF
DEFAULT 

SECTION 9.01 Events of Default. An Event of Default means the occurrence or existence of any
one or more of the following events or conditions (whatever the reason therefor and whether voluntary, involuntary or effected by operation of applicable Law): 

(a) Any Seller-Related Party shall fail to make when due any payment or deposit to be made by it under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document and such failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days; 

(b) Any Seller-Related Party shall fail to perform or
observe any term, covenant or agreement under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to be performed or observed by such party (other than any such failure which would constitute an Event of Default under any other paragraph, clause or sub-clause of this Section 9.01), and such failure, solely to the extent capable of cure, shall continue unremedied for thirty (30) days; 

(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Seller, the Servicer, or the Performance Guarantor (or any of its respective
officers) under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any information or report delivered by the Seller, the Servicer, or the Performance Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document,
shall prove to have been incorrect or untrue in any material respect when made or deemed made or delivered and such misrepresentation, solely to the extent capable of being cured, shall continue for ten (10) days; provided, that, if
there is a breach of any representation or warranty in Section 6.01 with respect to a Pool Receivable, such misrepresentation shall not result in an Event of Default if the Seller has made the required payment of Deemed
Collections with respect to such Pool Receivable in accordance with Section 3.01(d). 

(d) the Seller or the
Servicer shall fail to deliver any Pool Report pursuant to this Agreement, and such failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days; 

(e) Kinetik shall resign, or shall take any material action in furtherance of resigning, from its role or obligations as Servicer hereunder;

110 

(f) the Seller or the Servicer shall breach Section 7.01(v) or
7.02(o); 

(g) this Agreement or any sale made or security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document shall for any reason cease to create, or for any reason cease to be, a valid and enforceable first priority perfected ownership or security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent with respect to the Supporting Assets, free and
clear of any Adverse Claim; 

(h) any of (i) a Relief Proceeding shall have been instituted against any Seller-Related Party or a
substantial part of the assets and such Relief Proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting any of the relief sought in such
Relief Proceeding, (ii) any Seller-Related Party institutes, or takes any action in furtherance of, a Relief Proceeding, (iii) any Seller-Related Party ceases to be Solvent or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature
or (iv) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of the any Seller-Related Party and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty
(60) days after its issue or levy; 

(i) any of the following shall occur: 

(A) 

the average of the Default Ratios for any three consecutive Fiscal Months shall exceed 2.5%

(B) 

the average of the Delinquency Ratios for any three consecutive Fiscal Months shall exceed 14%;

(C) 

the average of the Dilution Ratios for any three consecutive Fiscal Months shall exceed 1.50%; or

(D) 

the average of the Days Sales Outstanding for any three consecutive Fiscal Months shall exceed 45 days;

(j) the Servicers Leverage Ratio shall exceed 5.00:1.00 (or, during any Acquisition Period (as defined in the
Revolving Credit Agreement), 5.50:1.00) at the end of any Fiscal Quarter; 

(k) a Change in Control shall occur; 

(l) a Capital Coverage Amount Deficit shall occur and shall not have been cured within two (2) Business Days; 

(m) (i) the Seller shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any of its Indebtedness when the same becomes due and payable
(whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement, mortgage, indenture or instrument relating to such
Indebtedness (whether or not such failure shall have been waived under the related agreement) or (ii) the Seller shall fail to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any of its Indebtedness, or any other event shall
occur, the effect of which failure or 

111 

other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the
giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated
maturity; 

(n) any of the Seller-Related Parties (other than the Seller) or any of their respective Subsidiaries (other than the Seller),
individually or in the aggregate, (i) fails to make any payment beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any
Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or (ii) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness having an outstanding aggregate principal
amount of not less than the Threshold Amount, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event described in this clause (ii) is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent
on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to
repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; 

(o) the Seller shall fail (x) at
any time (other than for twenty (20) Business Days following notice of the death or resignation of any Independent Director) to have an Independent Director who satisfies each requirement and qualification specified in
Section 7.03(c) for Independent Directors, on the Sellers board of directors or (y) to timely notify the Administrative Agent of any replacement or appointment of any director that is to serve as an Independent
Director on the Sellers board of directors as required pursuant to Section 7.03(c); 

(p) there shall have
occurred any event which materially and adversely impairs, as determined by the Administrative Agent, the collectibility of the Pool Receivables or any material portion thereof; 

(q) either (i) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any
assets of any Seller-Related Party or (ii) the PBGC shall, or shall indicate its intention to, file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the assets of any Seller-Related Party; 

(r) an ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in
liability of Seller or any member of the ERISA Group under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or Seller or any member of the ERISA Group fails to
pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan, where the aggregate amount of unamortized withdrawal
liability could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

112 

(s) a Material Adverse Effect that adversely impairs the collectibility of the Receivables
Pool and the likelihood of repayment in full of the Seller Obligations shall occur, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; 

(t) a Transfer Termination Event shall occur; 

(u) the Seller shall (i) be required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act or
(ii) become a covered fund within the meaning of the Volcker Rule; 

(v) any material provision of this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document shall cease to be in full force and effect or any Seller-Related Party (or any Affiliate thereof) shall so state in writing; 

(w) one or more judgments or decrees shall be entered against any Seller-Related Party or any Subsidiary thereof involving in the aggregate a
liability (not paid or to the extent not covered by a reputable and solvent insurance company) and such judgments and decrees either shall be final and non-appealable or shall not be vacated, discharged or
stayed or bonded pending appeal for any period of 60 consecutive days, and the aggregate amount of all such judgments equals or exceeds the Threshold Amount (or solely with respect to the Seller, $18,600); or 

(x) the assets of the Seller are deemed to constitute plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or the Seller is or becomes subject to any applicable law that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and
that would be violated by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

SECTION 9.02
Consequences of an Event of Default. 

(a) Generally. If any Event of Default occurs, the Administrative Agent may (or, at
the direction of the Required Purchasers shall) by notice to the Seller: 

(i) declare the Termination Date to have occurred
(in which case the Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred) 

(ii) declare the Final Maturity Date to have
occurred (in which case the Final Maturity Date shall be deemed to have occurred); or 

(iii) declare the Aggregate Capital
and all other Seller Obligations and Guaranteed Obligations to be immediately due and payable (in which case the Aggregate Capital and all other Seller Obligations and Guaranteed Obligations shall be immediately due and payable); 

provided that, automatically and immediately (without any requirement for the giving of notice) upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described
in Section 9.01(i) with respect to the Seller, the Termination Date shall occur and the Aggregate Capital and all other Seller Obligations and Guaranteed Obligations shall be immediately due and payable. 

113 

Upon any such declaration or designation or upon such automatic termination, the
Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies which they may have under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, all other rights and remedies provided after default under the UCC
and under other applicable Law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 

(b)
Set-off. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Purchaser and each of their respective Affiliates and any participant of such Purchaser or Affiliate which has agreed in
writing to be bound by the provisions of Section 3.03, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Purchaser or any such
Affiliate or participant to or for the credit or the account of the Seller against any and all of the Seller Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to such Purchaser, Affiliate or participant,
irrespective of whether or not such Purchaser, Affiliate or participant shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and although such Seller Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or
office of such Purchaser different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness, provided that in the event that any Defaulting Purchaser shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set
off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.06 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Purchaser from its
other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers, and (y) the Defaulting Purchaser shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Seller
Obligations owing to such Defaulting Purchaser as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Purchaser and their respective Affiliates and participants under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff) that such Purchaser or its respective Affiliates and participants may have. Each Purchaser agrees to notify the Seller and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

(c) Enforcement of Rights and Remedies.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder (and pursuant to the collateral assignment set forth in Section 3.01(a)
of this Agreement, under the other Transaction Documents) against the Seller-Related Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at Law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained
exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Agreement for the benefit of all the Purchasers and the other Secured Parties; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising
on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, (ii) any Purchaser from exercising setoff rights in accordance with
Section 9.02(b) (subject to the terms of Section 3.03), or (iii) any Purchaser from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a
proceeding relative to any Seller-Related Party under any Relief Proceeding; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent 

114 

hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, then (A) the Required Purchasers shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section 9.02(c), and (B) in addition to the matters specified in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 3.03), any Purchaser may, with the
consent of the Required Purchasers, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Purchasers. 

(d)
Application of Proceeds. From and after the date on which the Administrative Agent has taken any action pursuant to Section 9.02 (or after the Seller Obligations have automatically become immediately due and payable
as specified in the proviso to Section 9.02(a)) and until the Final Payout Date, any and all proceeds received on account of the Seller Obligations shall (subject to Sections 2.06) be applied in accordance
with the order of priority set forth in Section 3.01(a). 

ARTICLE X 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

SECTION 10.01 Appointment and Authority. Each Purchaser Party hereby irrevocably appoints PNC Bank, National Association to act on
its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the
terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Parties, and the Seller-Related Parties
shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Transaction Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the
Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect
only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 

SECTION 10.02 Rights as a Purchaser. The Person serving as
the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Purchaser as any other Purchaser and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Purchaser or
Purchasers shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept
deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Seller-Related Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such
Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Purchasers. 

115 

SECTION 10.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly specified herein and in the other Transaction
Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Potential Default or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any
discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Purchasers (or such other
number or percentage of the Purchasers as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Transaction Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of
its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Transaction Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief
Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Purchaser in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 

(iii) shall not, except as expressly specified herein and in the other Transaction Documents, have any duty to disclose, and
shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Seller-Related Party or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any
capacity. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the
request of the Required Purchasers (or such other number or percentage of the Purchasers as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections
12.01, 8.04 and 9.02), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed
not to have knowledge of any Potential Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Potential Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent in writing by any Seller-Related Party or a Purchaser. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith,
(iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions specified herein or therein or the occurrence of any Potential Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition precedent to an Investment, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly
required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

116 

SECTION 10.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall
be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or
other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have
been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Investment, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Purchaser
Party, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Purchaser Party unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Purchaser Party prior to the making of such Investment. The
Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Seller), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any
such counsel, accountants or experts. 

SECTION 10.05 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of
its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any
such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the facilities as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent
jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such
sub-agents.

SECTION 10.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Purchaser Parties and the Seller. Upon receipt of any such
notice of resignation, the Required Purchasers shall have the right, in consultation with the Seller (so long as no Potential Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office
in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York, New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Purchasers and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the
retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Purchasers) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be
obligated to), on behalf of the Purchaser Parties, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications specified above; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Purchaser. Whether
or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 

117 

(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Purchaser pursuant to
clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Purchasers may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Seller and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the
Seller, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Purchasers and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Purchasers) (the
Removal Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties under
any of the Transaction Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to
the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Purchaser Party directly, until such time, if any, as
the Required Purchasers appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be
discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents. The fees payable by the Seller to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed
between the Seller and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, the provisions of this Article X and Article XI shall continue
in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the
retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 10.07
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Purchasers. Each Purchaser Party acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser or any
of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Purchaser also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking
action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

118 

SECTION 10.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, none of bookrunners or arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the
Administrative Agent or a Purchaser hereunder. 

SECTION 10.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the
pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Seller-Related Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether any Capital or other Seller Obligation shall then be due and payable as
herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Seller) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the Capital, principal, interest and Yield owing and unpaid in respect of any Investment
and all other Seller Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Purchaser Parties and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Purchaser Parties and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Purchaser Parties and the Administrative Agent) allowed in such judicial
proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the
same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby
authorized by each Purchaser Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Purchaser Party, to pay to the Administrative Agent any
amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 10.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. 

(a) Each of the Secured Parties irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Lien on
any Supporting Assets or other property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Transaction Document (x) upon the Final Payout Date, (y) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part
of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under the Transaction Documents, or (z) subject to Section 12.01, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Purchasers. 

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Purchasers will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents
authority to release its interest in particular types or items of Supporting Assets or other property pursuant to this Section. 

(b) The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Supporting Assets, the existence, priority or perfection of the
Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Seller-Related Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Purchasers for any failure to monitor or maintain any
portion of the Supporting Assets. 

119 

SECTION 10.11 No Reliance on Administrative Agents Customer
Identification Program. Each Purchaser Party acknowledges and agrees that neither such Purchaser Party, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on the Administrative Agent to carry out such Purchaser Partys,
Affiliates, participants or assignees customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR
103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the CIP Regulations), or any other Anti-Terrorism Law or any Anti-Corruption Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the
Seller-Related Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Transaction Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby: (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with
government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such other applicable Laws. 

SECTION 10.12 ERISA Matters.

(a) Each Purchaser Party (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Seller or any other
Seller-Related Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Purchaser Party is not using
plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Purchaser Partys entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Investments,
the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect
to such Purchasers entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Investments, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Purchaser Party is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Purchaser to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Investments,
the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Investments, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of
sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Purchaser, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Purchasers entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Investments, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

120 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Purchaser Party. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding Section 10.12(a) is true with respect to a Purchaser Party or (2) such Purchaser Party has not provided another
representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding Section 10.12(a), such Purchaser Party further (x) represents and warrants,
as of the date such Person became a party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not,
for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Seller or any other Seller-Related Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Purchaser Party involved in such Purchaser Partys entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Investments, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Transaction
Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

SECTION 10.13 Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Purchaser Party or other Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a
Purchaser Party or other Secured Party (any Purchaser Party, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient) that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice
under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such
Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Purchaser Party, other Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of Capital, principal, interest, Yield, fees,
distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the
Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Purchaser Party or other Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such
funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand
was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount
is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in
effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

121 

(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Purchaser Party or other
Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Purchaser Party or other Secured Party, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of
Capital, principal, interest, Yield, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment,
prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the
Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Purchaser Party or other Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case:

(i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to
have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or
repayment; and 

(ii) such Purchaser Party or other Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives
funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable
detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.12(b). 

(c) Each
Purchaser Party or other Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Purchaser Party or other Secured Party under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or
distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Purchaser Party or other Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions
of this Agreement. 

(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any
reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Purchaser Party that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who
received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency), upon the Administrative Agents notice to such Purchaser Party at any time,
(i) such Purchaser Party shall be deemed to have assigned its Investments (but not its Commitments) in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment
of the Investments (but not Commitments), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment) at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby
(together with the Seller) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Purchaser shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Purchaser shall become a Purchaser hereunder with respect to such Erroneous 

122 

Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Purchaser shall cease to be a Purchaser hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of
doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Purchaser and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest
in the Investments subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Investments acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such
sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Purchaser Party shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Investment (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and
claims against such Purchaser Party (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Purchaser Party and such
Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold an Investment (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an
Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Purchaser Party
or other Secured Party under the Transaction Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights). 

(e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Seller Obligations or
any other obligations owed by any Seller-Related Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent
from any Seller-Related Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, no Payment
Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand,
claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each partys obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.13 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Seller Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document. 

123 

ARTICLE XI 

EXPENSES; INDEMNITY; DAMAGE WAIVER 

SECTION 11.01 Costs and Expenses. The Seller shall promptly pay following written demand (including documentation reasonably
supporting such request) (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable
fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent
and the Purchasers, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction), in connection with the syndication of the facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution,
delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated),
(ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent and the Purchasers, including the fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent
and the Purchasers, taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction and solely, in the event of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel (and if necessary, one local counsel in each
relevant material jurisdiction) to each group of similarly situated affected Seller Indemnified Parties or Servicer Indemnified Parties, taken as a whole), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including its rights under this Section or in connection with the Investments made hereunder, including all such
out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Investment, and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of professionals engaged by the Administrative Agent to perform audits and field exams of the Sellers, Servicers and any Originators
books, records and business properties. 

SECTION 11.02 Indemnification by the Seller. Without limiting any other rights that
the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Parties, the other Secured Parties and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each, a Seller Indemnified Party) may have hereunder or under applicable Law, the
Seller hereby agrees to indemnify each Seller Indemnified Party from and against any and all claims, losses and liabilities (including Attorney Costs) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Seller Indemnified
Amounts) arising out of or resulting from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the use of proceeds of the Investments or the ownership or security interest in respect of any Pool Receivable or any other Supporting Assets;
excluding, however, (a) Seller Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Seller Indemnified Amounts resulted from
the gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct by the Seller Indemnified Party seeking indemnification and (b) Taxes (other than (x) Taxes enumerated in clause (xiv) below and (y) any Taxes that represent losses,
claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim). Without limiting or being limited by the foregoing, the Seller shall pay on demand (it being understood that if any portion of such payment obligation is
made from Collections, such payment will be made at the time and in the order of priority set forth in Section 3.01(a)), to each Seller Indemnified Party any and all amounts necessary to indemnify such Seller Indemnified
Party from and against any and all Seller Indemnified Amounts relating to or resulting from any of the following (but excluding Seller Indemnified Amounts and Taxes described in clauses (a) and (b) above): 

(i) any Pool Receivable which the Seller or the Servicer includes as an Eligible Receivable as part of the Net Receivables Pool
Balance but which is not an Eligible Receivable at such time; 

124 

(ii) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by the
Seller (or any of its respective officers) under or in connection with this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, any Pool Report or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of the Seller pursuant hereto which shall
have been untrue or incorrect when made or deemed made; 

(iii) the failure by the Seller to comply with any applicable Law
with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract; or the failure of any Pool Receivable or the related Contract to conform to any such applicable Law; 

(iv) the failure to vest in the Administrative Agent a first priority perfected ownership or security interest in all or any
portion of the Supporting Assets, in each case free and clear of any Adverse Claim; 

(v) the failure to have filed, or any
delay in filing, financing statements, financing statement amendments, continuation statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable Laws with respect to any Pool Receivable and
the other Supporting Assets and Collections in respect thereof, whether at the time of any Investment or at any subsequent time; 

(vi) any dispute, claim or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy) of an Obligor to the payment of any Pool Receivable
(including a defense based on such Pool Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from or relating to
collection activities with respect to such Pool Receivable; 

(vii) any failure of the Seller to perform any of its duties
or obligations in accordance with the provisions hereof and of each other Transaction Document related to Pool Receivables or to timely and fully comply with the Credit and Collection Policy in regard to each Pool Receivable; 

(viii) any products liability, environmental or other claim arising out of or in connection with any Pool Receivable or other
merchandise, goods or services which are the subject of or related to any Pool Receivable; 

(ix) the misdirection of
Collections or the commingling of Collections of Pool Receivables at any time with other funds; 

(x) any investigation,
litigation or proceeding (actual or threatened) related to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the use of proceeds of any Investments or in respect of any Pool Receivable or other Supporting Assets or any related Contract; 

(xi) any failure of the Seller to comply with its covenants, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document; 

(xii) any setoff with respect to any Pool Receivable; 

125 

(xiii) any claim brought by any Person other than a Seller Indemnified Party
arising from any activity by the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller in servicing, administering or collecting any Pool Receivable; 

(xiv) the failure by the Seller to pay when due any Taxes, including sales, excise or personal property taxes; 

(xv) any failure of a Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of the applicable Account Control Agreement, the
termination by a Collection Account Bank of any Account Control Agreement or any amounts (including in respect of an indemnity) payable by the Administrative Agent to a Collection Account Bank under any Account Control Agreement; 

(xvi) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment
of any Pool Receivable (including a defense based on such Pool Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from
the sale of goods or the rendering of services related to such Pool Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish any such goods or services or other similar claim or defense not arising from the financial inability of any Obligor to pay
undisputed indebtedness; 

(xvii) any action taken by the Administrative Agent as attorney-in-fact for any Seller-Related Party pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; 

(xviii) the failure or delay to provide any Obligor with an invoice or other evidence of indebtedness; 

(xix) the maintenance of any Linked Account with respect to any Collection Account or the debiting against any Collection
Account of amounts as a result of any Settlement Item (as defined in the related Account Control Agreement) that originated in any Linked Account or any other account other than a Collection Account; 

(xx) the use of proceeds of any Investment; 

(xxi) any reduction in Capital as a result of the distribution of Collections if all or a portion of such distributions shall
thereafter be rescinded or otherwise must be returned for any reason; 

(xxii) any failure by the Seller to pay any premium
or other amount when due under the terms of any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables, to keep any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables in force or to make or perfect any claim for reimbursement under any
Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables; or 

(xxiii) any insurance premium payments paid by the
Administrative Agent on any Credit Insurance Policy in respect of Insured Receivables in accordance with this Agreement. 

126 

SECTION 11.03 Indemnification by the Servicer. The Servicer hereby agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Seller, the Administrative Agent, the Purchaser Parties, the other Secured Parties and their respective assigns, officers, directors, agents and employees (each, a Servicer Indemnified Party), from
and against any loss, liability, expense, damage or injury suffered or sustained by reason of any acts, omissions or alleged acts or omissions arising out of activities of the Servicer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document,
including any judgment, award, settlement, Attorney Costs and other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or threatened action, proceeding or claim (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as,
Servicer Indemnified Amounts); excluding (i) Servicer Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Servicer
Indemnified Amounts resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct by the Servicer Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, (ii) Taxes that are covered by Section 4.03 (other than any Taxes that
represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim) and (iii) Servicer Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Pool Receivables that are uncollectible
solely on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy, lack of creditworthiness or other financial inability to pay of the related Obligor. Without limiting or being limited by the foregoing, the Servicer shall pay on demand, to each Servicer Indemnified
Party any and all amounts necessary to indemnify such Servicer Indemnified Party from and against any and all Servicer Indemnified Amounts relating to or resulting from any of the following (but excluding Servicer Indemnified Amounts described in
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above): 

(i) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed
made by the Servicer (or any of its respective officers) under or in connection with this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents, any Pool Report or any other information or report delivered by or on behalf of the Servicer pursuant hereto
which shall have been untrue or incorrect when made or deemed made; 

(ii) the failure by the Servicer to comply with any
applicable Law with respect to any Pool Receivable or the related Contract; or the failure of any Pool Receivable or the related Contract to conform to any such applicable Law; 

(iii) the misdirection of Collections or the commingling of Collections of Pool Receivables at any time with other funds; 

(iv) any failure of a Collection Account Bank to comply with the terms of the applicable Account Control Agreement, the
termination by a Collection Account Bank of any Account Control Agreement or any amounts (including in respect of an indemnity) payable by the Administrative Agent to a Collection Account Bank under any Account Control Agreement; 

(v) the failure or delay to provide any Obligor with an invoice or other evidence of indebtedness; 

(vi) the maintenance of any Linked Account with respect to any Collection Account or the debiting against any Collection
Account of amounts as a result of any Settlement Item (as defined in the related Account Control Agreement) that originated in any Linked Account or any other account other than a Collection Account; or 

127 

(vii) any failure of the Servicer to comply with its covenants, obligations
and agreements contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

SECTION 11.04 Reimbursement by Purchasers. To
the extent that the Seller or the Servicer for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Section 11.01, 11.02 or 11.03 (as the case may be) to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or
any sub-agent thereof) or any of their respective Related Parties, each Purchaser severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such
Related Party, as the case may be, such Purchasers pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on the Purchasers respective Commitments at such time, or if all
Commitments have been terminated, based on the Purchasers respective Capital at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Purchaser). 

SECTION 11.05 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each of the Seller and the
Servicer agrees not to assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Secured Party, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with,
or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Investment or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Secured Party shall be
liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the
other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent such liability or damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable
judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Secured Party. 

SECTION 11.06 Payments. All
amounts due under this Article XI shall be payable not later than (i) in the case of such amounts due from the Seller, the first Settlement Date that occurs ten (10) or more days after demand therefor, or (ii) in any other
case, ten (10) days after demand therefor. 

SECTION 11.07 Survival. This Article XI and the parties
respective rights and obligations hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

128 

ARTICLE XII 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 12.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any of the
Seller or any Affiliate thereof shall be effective unless in a writing signed by the Administrative Agent and the Required Purchasers (and, in the case of any amendment, also signed by the Seller), and then such amendment, waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Servicer, affect the rights or duties of
the Servicer under this Agreement; and (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser: 

(i) change (directly or indirectly) the definitions of, Capital Coverage Amount Deficit, Defaulted Receivable, Delinquent
Receivable, Eligible Receivable, Eligible Credit Insurance, Facility Limit, Final Maturity Date, Net Receivables Pool Balance or Total Reserves contained in this Agreement, or increase the then existing Concentration Percentage for any Obligor or
change the calculation of the Capital Coverage Amount; 

(ii) reduce the amount of Capital or Yield that is payable on
account of any Investment or with respect to any other Investment or delay any scheduled date for payment thereof; 

(iii)
change any Event of Default; 

(iv) release all or a material portion of the Supporting Assets from the Administrative
Agents security interest created hereunder; 

(v) release the Performance Guarantor from any of its obligations under
the Performance Guaranty or terminate the Performance Guaranty; 

(vi) change any of the provisions of this
Section 12.01 or the definition of Required Purchasers; or 

(vii) change the order of
priority in which Collections are applied pursuant to Section 3.01(a). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
(A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall increase any Purchasers Commitment hereunder without the consent of such Purchaser, (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall reduce any Fees payable by the Seller to any Purchaser or delay
the dates on which any such Fees are payable, in either case, without the consent of such Purchaser, and (C) no Defaulting Purchaser shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment,
waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Purchasers or each affected Purchaser may be effected with the consent of the applicable Purchasers other than Defaulting Purchasers), except that (x) the Commitment of any
Defaulting Purchaser may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Purchasers or each affected Purchaser that by its terms affects
any Defaulting Purchaser disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Purchasers shall require the consent of such Defaulting Purchaser. 

129 

In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) with the consent of the Seller, the
Administrative Agent may amend, modify or supplement this Agreement without the consent of any Purchaser or the Required Purchasers in order to correct or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical or ministerial error
in this Agreement (provided that any such amendment, modification or supplement shall not be materially adverse to the interests of the Purchasers taken as a whole), and (b) without the consent of any Purchaser or the Seller, within a
reasonable time after (x) the effective date of any increase or addition to, extension of or decrease from, the Facility Limit, or (y) any assignment by any Purchaser of some or all of its Commitment, the Administrative Agent shall, and is
hereby authorized to, revise Schedule I to reflect such change, whereupon such revised Schedule I shall replace the old Schedule I and become part of this Agreement. 

In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, Schedule IV hereto may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time with the consent of the Servicer and the Required Purchasers or the Servicer and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Purchasers; provided that (i) if a Sustainability Recalculation Transaction
occurs, Servicer shall, in good faith, recalculate the baseline year methane emissions intensity set forth in Schedule IV for the Sustainability Performance Target
for the Methane Emissions KPIas if the relevant Sustainability Recalculation Transaction had occurred on January 1, 2024, which recalculation shall supplement Schedule IVand be effective upon delivery of written notice by
Servicer to Administrative Agent, which notice shall include reasonably detailed information supporting such recalculation (it being understood and agreed that (w) Servicer shall not be required to make any such recalculation to the extent, and
for so long as Servicer determines in good faith that it does not have sufficient information to do so, (x) such recalculation shall only be made with respect to assets owned and operated by Servicer and its Subsidiaries, (y) any assets
not included in such recalculation will not be included in measuring the Sustainability Performance Target for the Methane Emissions KPIin any future period and (z) the target percentage of cumulative reduction in methane emissions intensity
relative to the baseline for any year shall remain the same, but shall be measured against such recalculated baseline), or (ii) Servicer (acting reasonably) determines that, as a result of events beyond its reasonable control (including,
without limitation, any future government authority directions applicable to government-related entities in the U.S. or in other jurisdictions in which Servicer and its Subsidiaries operate, changes in law or regulations, actions by a public
authority, fire, natural disaster and/or other events that disrupt business continuity), it is (x) prevented, hindered or delayed or (y) assisted in fulfilling its performance requirements in respect of anythe Methane
Emissions KPI Metric, then, in either case of
this clause (ii), (1) Servicer and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith to amend, supplement or otherwise modify Schedule IV including, in the case of clause (ii), to replace anythe Methane
Emissions KPI
Metricincluded in Schedule IV affected by such circumstances and (2) such amendment, supplement or other modification shall be posted to the Purchasers and shall become effective with
the consent of the Administrative Agent five (5) Business Days after posting thereof, unless the Required Purchasers object in writing to such amendment, modification or supplement within such five (5) Business Day period; provided
that, in either case of the foregoing clause (i) or (ii) no such amendment, modification or supplement shall modify the percentages for the Sustainability Fee Adjustment or the Sustainability Rate Adjustment, unless the requisite consents have
been obtained as required by Section 12.01. 

SECTION 12.02 No Implied Waivers; Cumulative
Remedies. No course of dealing and no delay or failure of the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party in exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall affect any other or
future exercise thereof or operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any further exercise thereof or of any other right, power, remedy 

130 

or privilege. The enumeration of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the other Purchaser Parties specified in this Agreement is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise
by the Administrative Agent and the Purchaser Parties of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative, and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given hereunder or
under the other Transaction Documents or that may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity or by suit or otherwise. No reasonable delay or failure to take action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party in exercising
any right, power or privilege shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege or
shall be construed to be a waiver of any Event of Default. 

SECTION 12.03 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and
except as provided in paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by e-mail to the relevant party as specified on Schedule III hereto. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when
received. Notices delivered through electronic communications, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such paragraph (b). 

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Purchaser Parties hereunder may be delivered or furnished by
electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent or the Seller may, in its discretion, agree
to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the
Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended
recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet
website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or
communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 

(c) Change of Address, etc. Any party hereto may change its address or e-mail for notices and
other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(d) Platform. 

131 

(i) Each of the Seller and the Servicer agrees that the Administrative Agent
may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Communications (as defined below) available to the Purchaser Parties by posting the Communications on the Platform. 

(ii) The Platform is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not
warrant the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall
the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to any Seller-Related Party, any Purchaser Party or any other Person for damages of any kind, including, without
limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Seller-Related Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission of
communications through the Platform. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Seller-Related Party pursuant to any Transaction
Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed to the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Platform. 

SECTION 12.04 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or
enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement
relating to Defaulting Purchasers shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

SECTION 12.05 Duration; Survival. All representations and warranties of the Seller-Related Parties contained herein or made in
connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the completion of the transactions hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect until the Final Payout Date. All covenants and agreements of the
Seller-Related Parties contained herein relating to the payment of Capital, principal, interest, Yield, premiums, additional compensation or expenses and indemnification, or that are otherwise specified as surviving termination of this Agreement, in
each case, shall survive the Final Payout Date and any termination of this Agreement. All other covenants and agreements of the Seller-Related Parties shall continue in full force and effect from and after the Closing Date and until the Final Payout
Date 

132 

SECTION 12.06 Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Seller nor any other Seller-Related Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (including, in each case, by way of an
LLC Division) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser and no Purchaser may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the
provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to
the restrictions of paragraph (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person
(other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each
of the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b)
Assignments by Purchasers. Any Purchaser may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Investments at the time owing
to it) to an Eligible Assignee; provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i)
Minimum Amounts. 

(1) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Purchasers
Commitment and the Investments at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(2) of this
Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Purchaser, an Affiliate of a Purchaser or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

(2) in any case not described in clause (i)(1) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this
purpose includes Investments outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the outstanding Capital of the Investments of the assigning Purchaser subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, as of such Trade Date) shall not be less than
$5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Seller otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the
assigning Purchasers rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Investment or the Commitment assigned. 

133 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any
assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (b)(i)(2) of this Section and, in addition: 

(1) the consent
of the Seller (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Purchaser, an Affiliate
of a Purchaser or an Approved Fund; provided that the Seller shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having
received notice thereof; and 

(2) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Purchaser with a Commitment, an Affiliate of such Purchaser or an Approved Fund with respect to such Purchaser. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption Agreement. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500. The assignee, if it is not a Purchaser, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to any Seller-Related Party or any
Seller-Related Partys Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Purchaser or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Purchaser hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Purchaser or a Subsidiary thereof, or
(C) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to any Person who does not qualify as an Eligible Assignee. 

(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person (or a holding company,
investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person). 

(vii) Certain
Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Purchaser hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto specified herein, the
parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or
subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Seller and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Investments previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Purchaser, to each
of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Purchaser to the Administrative Agent and each other

134 

Purchaser hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Investments. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any
assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Purchaser hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting
Purchaser for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(viii) Effectiveness; Release. Subject
to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) below, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this
Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement, and the assigning Purchaser thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest
assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement covering all of the assigning Purchasers rights and obligations under this
Agreement, such Purchaser shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.04, Section 4.01, and Article 11with respect to facts and
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Purchaser will constitute a waiver or release of any
claim of any party hereunder arising from that Purchasers having been a Defaulting Purchaser. Any assignment or transfer by a Purchaser of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Purchaser of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section. 

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent
of the Seller, shall maintain at one of its offices in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania a copy of each Assignment and Assumption Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Purchasers, and the Commitments
of, and outstanding Capital (and stated Yield or interest) of the Investments owing to, each Purchaser pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest
error, and the Seller, the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Purchaser hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Seller and any Purchaser, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d)
Participations. Any Purchaser may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Seller or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust
for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural Person, or the Seller or any of the Sellers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Purchasers rights and/or
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Investments owing to it); provided that (i) such Purchasers obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Purchaser
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Seller, the Administrative Agent and the other Purchaser Parties shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser
in connection with such Purchasers rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Purchaser shall be responsible for any indemnity under Article XI with respect to any payments made by such Purchaser to
its Participant(s). 

135 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Purchaser sells such a participation shall
provide that such Purchaser shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such
Purchaser will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree (other than as is already provided for herein) to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to any matter specified in clause (i) through (vii) of
Section 12.01that affects such Participant. The Seller agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.04, 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 (subject to the requirements
and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 4.03(g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 4.03(g) shall be delivered to the participating
Purchaser)) to the same extent as if it were a Purchaser and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of
Section 4.04 as if it were an assignee under to paragraph (b) of this Section 12.06; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 4.01 or
4.03, with respect to any participation, than its participating Purchaser would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant
acquired the applicable participation. Each Purchaser that sells a participation agrees, at the Sellers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Seller to effectuate the provisions of
Section 4.04 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.02(b) as though it were a Purchaser;
provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 3.03 as though it were a Purchaser. Each Purchaser that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a
non-fiduciary agent of the Seller, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the Capital or principal amounts (and stated interest or Yield) of each Participants
interest in the Investments or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Purchaser shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register
(including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that
such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The
entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Purchaser shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(e) Certain Pledges; Successors and Assigns Generally. Any Purchaser may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any
portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Purchaser, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Purchaser
from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Purchaser as a party hereto. 

136 

(f) Cashless Settlement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Agreement, any Purchaser may exchange, continue or rollover all or a portion of its Investments in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless
settlement mechanism approved by the Seller, the Administrative Agent and such Purchaser. 

(g) Arrangers/Bookrunners.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the name of any arranger and/or bookrunner listed on the cover page of this Agreement may be changed by the Administrative Agent to the name of any Purchaser or Purchasers
broker-dealer Affiliate, upon written request to the Administrative Agent by any such arranger and/or bookrunner and the applicable Purchaser or Purchasers broker-deal Affiliate. 

SECTION 12.07 No Proceedings. Each of the Servicer, the Purchasers and each assignee of an Investment or any interest therein,
hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Seller any Relief Proceeding until one year and one day after the Final Payout Date; provided, that the Administrative Agent
may take any such action in its sole discretion following the occurrence of an Event of Default. The provisions of this Section shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 12.08 Confidentiality. 

(a) General. Each Purchaser Party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information
may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential); (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners); (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (iv) to any other party hereto; (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any
other Transaction Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same
as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, or (B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties)
to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Seller and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder; (vii) to (A) any rating agency in connection with rating the Seller or its
Subsidiaries or the Investments or (B) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; (viii) with the consent of the
Seller; or (ix) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this clause (a), or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any other Purchaser Party or any of
their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Seller. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the other Purchaser Parties may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to
market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Purchaser Parties in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Commitments. 

137 

For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the
Seller-Related Parties or any of their Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents relating to the Seller-Related Parties or any of their Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than
any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Seller-Related Parties or any of their Subsidiaries; provided that, in the case of
information received from the Seller-Related Parties or any of their Subsidiaries after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of
Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own
confidential information. 

(b) Sharing Information With Affiliates of the Purchasers. Each Seller-Related Party acknowledges that
from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Seller or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Purchaser or by one or more Subsidiaries or
Affiliates of such Purchaser and each of the Seller-Related Parties hereby authorizes each Purchaser to share any information delivered to such Purchaser by such Seller-Related Party and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement with any such
Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Purchaser subject to the provisions of Section 12.08(a). 

(c) By Seller and
Servicer. Each of the Seller and the Servicer covenants and agrees to hold in confidence, and not disclose to any Person, the terms of this Agreement or the Fee Letter (including any fees payable in connection with this Agreement, the Fee Letter
or any other Transaction Document or the identity of the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser Party); provided, however, that it may disclose such information (i) to its Affiliates and to its Related Parties (it being
understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential); (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory
authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties; (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (iv) to any other party hereto; (v) with
the consent of the Administrative Agent and each Purchaser; or (vi) to the extent such information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this clause (c). 

SECTION 12.09 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 

(a) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof, including any prior 

138 

confidentiality agreements and commitments. Except as provided in Article V, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or e-mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b)
Electronic Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Transaction Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any
applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 12.10 CHOICE OF LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF VENUE; SERVICE OF PROCESS; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether
in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (except, as to any other Transaction Document, as expressly specified therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Law of the State of New York. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction.
The Seller, the Servicer and each other Seller-Related Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort
or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent, any Purchaser or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, in any forum other than the
courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, in such
federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
Law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document against the Seller, the Servicer or any other Seller-Related Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

139 

(c) Waiver of Venue. The Seller, the Servicer and each other Seller-Related Party
irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(d) Service of Process. Each party hereto irrevocably consents
to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 12.03. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. 

(e) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY
OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

SECTION 12.11 Intent of the Parties. The Seller has structured this Agreement with the intention that the Investments and the
obligations of the Seller hereunder will be treated under United States federal, and applicable state and local tax law as debt (the Intended Tax Treatment). The Seller, the Servicer, the Administrative Agent and the other
Purchaser Parties agree to file no tax return, or take any action, inconsistent with the Intended Tax Treatment unless required by Law. Each assignee and each Participant acquiring an interest in an Investment, by its acceptance of such assignment
or participation, agrees to comply with the immediately preceding sentence. 

SECTION 12.12 Mutual Negotiations. This Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents are the product of mutual negotiations by the parties thereto and their counsel, and no party shall be deemed the draftsperson of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof
or to have provided the same. Accordingly, in the event of any inconsistency or ambiguity of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, such inconsistency or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against any party because of
such partys involvement in the drafting thereof. 

SECTION 12.13 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto
acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority
and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

140 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such
liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 12.14 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Purchaser that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for
itself and not on behalf of any Purchaser) hereby notifies Seller-Related Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Seller-Related Parties, which
information includes the name and address of Seller-Related Parties and other information that will allow such Purchaser or Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Seller-Related Parties in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. The
Seller shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Purchaser, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Purchaser requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under
applicable know your customer and Anti-Money Laundering Laws and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 

SECTION 12.15 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Transaction Documents provide support, through
a guarantee or otherwise, for any agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the
resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be
governed by the Laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

141 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered
Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC
Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the
Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered
Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Transaction Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party
are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Transaction Documents were governed by the Laws of the United States or a state of
the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Purchaser shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported
QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following:
(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term
qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[Signature Pages
Follow] 

142 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

KINETIK HOLDINGS LP, as Servicer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-1 Receivables Purchase Agreement

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Purchaser

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC,

as Structuring Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

S-2 Receivables Purchase Agreement

EXHIBIT A 

Form of Investment Request 

[Letterhead of Seller] 

[Date] 

[Administrative Agent] 

[Purchasers] 

Re: 

Investment Request 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made
to that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024, among Kinetik Receivables LLC (the Seller), Kinetik Holdings LP as Servicer (the Servicer), the Purchasers party thereto, PNC Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Investment Request and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 

This letter constitutes an Investment Request pursuant to Section 2.02(a) of the Agreement. The Seller hereby
requests an Investment in the aggregate amount of [$_______] to be made on [_____, 20__] (of which $[___] will be funded by PNC and $[___] will be funded by [___]. The proceeds of such Investment should be deposited to [Account number], at [Name,
Address and ABA Number of Bank]. After giving effect to such Investment, the Aggregate Capital will be [$_______]. 

The Seller hereby
represents and warrants as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to such Investment, as follows: 

(i) the
representations and warranties of the Seller and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and 6.02 of the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Investment as though made on and as of such
date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Potential Default
would result from such Investment; 

(iii) no Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to
such Investment; 

Exhibit A-1 

(iv) immediately after giving effect to such Investment, no Purchasers
aggregate outstanding Capital will exceed such Purchasers Commitment; 

(v) the Termination Date has not occurred;

(vi) the Aggregate Capital equals or exceeds the Minimum Funding Threshold; and 

(vii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Sold Receivables does not exceed the Aggregate Capital. 

Exhibit A-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this letter by its duly authorized officer
as of the date first above written. 

Very truly yours,

KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A-3 

EXHIBIT B 

Form of Reduction Notice 

[LETTERHEADOF SELLER] 

[Date] 

[Administrative Agent] 

[Purchasers] 

Re: 

Reduction Notice 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is hereby made
to that certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024, among Kinetik Receivables LLC (the Seller), Kinetik Holdings LP as Servicer (the Servicer), the Purchasers party thereto, PNC Bank,
National Association, as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
Agreement). Capitalized terms used in this Reduction Notice and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 

This letter constitutes a Reduction Notice pursuant to Section 2.02(d) of the Agreement. The Seller hereby notifies
the Administrative Agent and the Purchasers that it shall prepay the outstanding Capital of the Purchasers in the amount of [$_______] to be made on [_____, 20_]. After giving effect to such prepayment, the Aggregate Capital will be [$_______]. 

The Seller hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to such reduction, as follows: 

(i) the representations and warranties of the Seller and the Servicer contained in Sections 6.01 and
6.02 of the Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such prepayment as though made on and as of such date unless such representations and warranties by their terms refer to an earlier date, in which
case they shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date; 

(ii) no Event of Default or
Potential Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Event of Default or Potential Default would result from such prepayment; 

(iii) no Capital Coverage Amount Deficit exists or would exist after giving effect to such prepayment; 

(iv) the Termination Date has not occurred; and 

(v) the Aggregate Capital equals or exceeds the Minimum Funding Threshold. 

Exhibit B-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has
executed this letter by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written. 

Very truly yours,

KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC, as Seller

By: 

Name:

Title:

Exhibit B-2 

EXHIBIT C 

Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

ASSIGNMENTAND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date specified below
and is entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and
[the][each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Receivables
Purchase Agreement identified below (as amended, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions specified in Annex 1 attached
hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if specified herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and
[the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Receivables Purchase Agreement, as of the Effective Date
inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Purchaser][their respective capacities as Purchasers] under the Receivables
Purchase Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective
Assignors] under the respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline investments, as applicable, included in such facilities), and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned
under applicable Law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Purchaser)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Purchasers)] against any Person, whether known or unknown,
arising under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but
not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold
and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to
[the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor. 

1 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a
single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 

3 

Select as appropriate. 

4 

Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

Exhibit C 

Assignor[s]: 

Assignee[s]: 

[Assignee is an [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Purchaser] 

Seller(s): 

Administrative Agent: PNC Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent under the Receivables Purchase Agreement 

Receivables Purchase Agreement: The Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024, among Kinetik Receivables LLC, as Seller, Kinetik Holdings
LP, as Servicer, the Purchasers parties thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof 

Assigned Interest[s]: 

Assignor[s]5 

Assignee[s]6 

Facility

Assigned7 

Aggregate

Amount of

Commitment/In

vestments for

all Purchasers8 

Amount of

Commitment/

Investments

Assigned8 

Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment

/

Investments9 

CUSIP

Number 

$ $ % 

$ $ % 

$ $ % 

[7. Trade Date: ______________]10

5 

List each Assignor, as appropriate. 

6 

List each Assignee, as appropriate. 

7 

Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Receivables Purchase Agreement that
are being assigned under this Assignment 

8 

Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the
Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

9 

Specified, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Investments of all Purchasers thereunder.

10 

To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be
determined as of the Trade Date. 

Exhibit C 

Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The terms specified in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR[S]11

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 

By: 

Title:

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE[S]12

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 

By: 

Title:

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Title:

[Consented to and]13 Accepted: 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as

Administrative Agent

By: 

Title:

[Consented to:]14

[NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY]

By: 

Title:

11 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

12 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

13 

To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Receivables
Purchase Agreement. 

14 

To be added only if the consent of the Seller and/or other parties is required by the terms of the Receivables
Purchase Agreement.

Exhibit C 

ANNEX 1 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1. Representations
and Warranties. 

1.1 Assignor[s]. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and
beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to
execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is not a Defaulting Purchaser; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or
representations made in or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any
collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, or (iv) the performance or observance by the Seller, any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document. 

1.2
Assignee[s]. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and to become a Purchaser under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 12.06 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement (subject to such
consents, if any, as may be required thereunder), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Receivables Purchase Agreement as a Purchaser thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned
Interest, shall have the obligations of a Purchaser thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making
its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the
most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Sections 7.01(c) and 7.02(b) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into
this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Purchaser15
attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Receivables Purchase Agreement, duly completed 

15 

The concept of Foreign Purchaser should be conformed to the section in the Credit Agreement
governing withholding taxes and gross-up. If the Seller is a U.S. Seller, the bracketed language should be deleted. 

Exhibit C 

and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Purchaser, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms
all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as a Purchaser. 

Payments. From and after
the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of Capital. principal, interest, Yield, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which
have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees
or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 

General Provisions. This Assignment
and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Law of the State of New York. 

Exhibit C 

EXHIBIT D 

Credit and Collection Policy 

[On file with Administrative Agent] 

Exhibit D 

EXHIBIT E-1

Form of Monthly Report 

(Attached) 

EXHIBIT E-2

Form of Weekly Report 

(To
be agreed upon if needed) 

EXHIBIT F 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

To: PNC
Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent 

This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Receivables Purchase
Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024, among Kinetik Receivables LLC (the Seller), Kinetik Holdings LP, as Servicer (Servicer), the Purchasers party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent) and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement). Capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. 

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES
THAT: 

1. I am a Financial Officer of Kinetik. 

I have
reviewed the terms of the Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition of Parent and its Subsidiaries during the accounting
period covered by the attached financial statements [for quarterly financial statements add: and such financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Kinetik and its
consolidated and consolidating Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes]. 

The examinations described in paragraph 2 above did not disclose[, except as set forth in paragraph 5 below], and I have no knowledge of,
(i) the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Potential Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate or (ii) any change in GAAP
or in the application thereof that has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 6.02(y) of the Agreement. 

Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period referenced on such Schedule I.

[5. Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 above by listing, in detail, the (i) nature of the condition or
event, the period during which it has existed and the action which Seller has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event or (ii) the change in GAAP or the application thereof and the effect of such change
on the attached financial statements:] 

Exhibit F-1 

The foregoing certifications are made and delivered this ______ day of ___________________,
20___. 

[_________]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit F-2 

SCHEDULE I TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

A. Schedule of Compliance as of ___________________, 20__ with Sections 7.01(c) and 7.02(b) of the Agreement. Unless otherwise
defined herein, the terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 

This schedule relates
to the month ended: __________________. 

B. The following financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the period ending on
______________, 20__, are attached hereto: 

Exhibit F-3 

EXHIBIT G 

Closing Memorandum 

[Attached] 

Exhibit G 

EXHIBIT H-1

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Purchasers That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among Kinetik Receivables LLC, Kinetik Holdings, LP, each Purchaser from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.03 [Taxes] of the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Investment(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Investment(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Seller within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to
the Seller as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Seller
with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable). By executing this certificate,
the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Seller and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Seller
and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

[NAME OF PURCHASER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit H-1 

EXHIBIT H-2

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among Kinetik Receivables LLC, Kinetik Holdings, LP, each Purchaser from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.03 [Taxes] of the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the
Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Seller within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Seller as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C)
of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Purchaser with a certificate of its
non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that
(1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Purchaser in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Purchaser with a properly completed and
currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in
the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit H-2 

EXHIBIT H-3

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Purchasers That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among Kinetik Receivables LLC, Kinetik Holdings, LP, each Purchaser from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.03 [Taxes] of the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or
business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Seller within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none
of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Seller as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Purchaser with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of
the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable) or
(ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable) from each of such
partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform such Purchaser and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Purchaser with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the
undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the
Receivables Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit H-3 

EXHIBIT H-4

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among Kinetik Receivables LLC, Kinetik Holdings, LP, each Purchaser from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative
Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.03 [Taxes] of the Receivables Purchase Agreement,
the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Investment(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Investment(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect
partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Investment(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Investment(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction
Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A)
of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Seller within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
controlled foreign corporation related to the Seller as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished
the Administrative Agent and the Seller with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form
W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN if applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Seller and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Seller and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such
payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 

[NAME OF PURCHASER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

Exhibit H-4 

EXHIBIT I 

Form of Administrative Questionnaire 

[N/A] 

Exhibit I 

EXHIBIT J 

Form of Pricing Certificate 

PNC Bank, National
Association, 

as Administrative Agent 

The Tower at PNC Plaza

300 Fifth Avenue, 11th Floor 

Pittsburgh, PA 15222 

Dear Sir/Madam, 

Reference is made to that
certain Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2024 (together with all amendments, if any, from time to time made thereto, the Receivables Purchase Agreement), among Kinetik Receivables LLC (the
Seller), Kinetik Holdings LP (the Servicer), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent (in such capacity together with any successors
thereto, the Administrative Agent) (unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized term used herein has the meaning assigned to it in the Receivables Agreement). This Pricing Certificate (this
Certificate) is furnished pursuant Section 7.02(s) of the Receivables Agreement. 

The undersigned, the
[title of Authorized Officer] of the Servicer, does hereby certify as follows: 

1. I am the duly elected [chief executive officer, chief
operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, controller or senior vice president of finance] of the Servicer, and I am authorized to deliver this Certificate on behalf of the Servicer; 

2. Attached as Annex A hereto is a true and correct copy of the KPI Metrics Report for the 20[__] calendar year; and 

3. The Sustainability Fee Adjustment in respect of the 20[__] calendar year is [+][-][___]% per annum, and the Sustainability Rate Adjustment
in respect of the 20[__] calendar year is [+][-][___]% per annum, in each case as computed as set forth on Annex B hereto. 

4.
Attached as Annex C hereto is a true and correct copy of the confirmation from the Sustainability Assurance Provider as to whether the relevant Sustainability Performance Target for each KPI Metrichas been achieved for 20[__] calendar year 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand as of this ___ day of ___________, 20__. 

[Authorized Officer of the Servicer]

Exhibit J 

Purchasers & Commitments 

Purchaser 

Commitment

PNC Bank, National Association $150,000,000250,000,000

Schedule I-1 

Account Details 

(Omitted) 

Schedule II-1 

Notice Addresses 

(Omitted) 

Schedule III-1 

Sustainability Performance
TargetsTarget

KPI 1: Methane Emission Intensity 

Base Year Observation Date 

2021 2023 2024 

Methane Emissions (mt) 3,558 

Gas Throughput Volumes (mt) 7,864,834 

Methane Emissions Intensity 0.0452 % 0.0415 % 0.0400 % 

% Reduction from Baseline Year 6.7 % 10.0 % 

KPI 2: Female Representation in Corporate Officer
Positions

Base Year Observation Date 

2021 2023 2024 

# of Corporate Officers 14 

# of Females 1 

Female Participation Rate 7.1 % 12.3 % 14.9 %

Schedule IV-1 

Exhibit B 

Closing Checklist 

(Omitted)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d907123dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

JOINDER AGREEMENT 

This
JOINDER AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of April 1, 2025, is entered into by and among FRONTIER FIELD SERVICES, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the New
Originator), KINETIK HOLDINGS LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Servicer), PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent). 

Reference is made to that certain Sale and Contribution Agreement dated as of April 2, 2024 (as amended,
restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the SCA), entered into by and among the Servicer, KINETIK RECEIVABLES LLC,a Delaware corporation (Buyer), the Persons
identified therein as Originators (each of the Originators, the Servicer, and Buyer, collectively, Kinetik Parties), the Administrative Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as the Structuring Agent. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the
New Originator wishes to sell and/or contribute Receivables and the Related Rights to the Buyer, and the Buyer is willing to purchase and accept such Receivables and Related Rights from the New Originator, on the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the SCA; and 

WHEREAS, the New Originator wishes to join the Agreement as an Originator pursuant the SCA. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein and in the SCA, the parties hereto agree as
follows: 

SECTION 1. Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the SCA.

SECTION 2. Joinder to the Sale and Contribution Agreement. Effective as of the Effective Date: 

2.1. By signing this Agreement, the (i) New Originator shall join the SCA and each Fee Letter as an Originator, and hereby
assumes any and all interests, obligations, rights, duties and liabilities in its capacity as an Originator under the SCA and each such Fee Letter. All references to the Originators in the SCA shall be deemed to include the New
Originator. All references to the Originators in any Fee Letter shall be deemed to include the New Originator. Without limitation of the foregoing, to the extent applicable to it, the New Originator represents and warrants that the
representations and warranties in Section 5 of the SCA applicable to an Originator, are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as the New Originator (provided that if any such representation and warranty is qualified as
to materiality, with respect to such representation and warranty, the materiality qualifier set forth above shall be disregarded for the purposes of this condition). The New Originator acknowledges and confirms that it has received a copy of the SCA
and the schedules and exhibits thereto. The New Originator agrees that at any time and from time to time, upon the reasonable written request of the Administrative Agent, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts
and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, actions as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to maintain and perfect, as a
first-priority interest, the Administrative Agents security interest in the Receivables, Related Security and Collections. Such Originator shall, from time to time and within the time limits established by law, prepare and present to the
Administrative Agent for the Administrative Agents authorization and approval, all financing statements, amendments or continuations, or other filings necessary to continue, maintain and perfect the Buyers and the Administrative
Agents security interest as a first-priority interest; 

1 

2.2. The information set forth on Schedules I-IV hereto corresponding to the schedules of the SCA shall be incorporated into such schedules of the SCA and the parties hereto hereby agree that such schedules shall be deemed supplemented to include the
information set forth on Schedules I-IV attached hereto. 

SECTION 3.
Conditions Precedent. Section 2 hereof shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date) when the Administrative Agent shall have received: 

(a) this Agreement, executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto; 

(b) from the New Originator, each of the documents, certifications, opinions of counsel and lien searches with respect to such
Originator, which documents, certifications, opinions of counsel and lien searches were delivered to the Administrative Agent as conditions precedent to effectiveness of the Receivables Purchase Agreement on the Closing Date with respect to KHLP, in
each case, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer and the Administrative Agent; and 

(c) payment of any and all
documented fees and other invoiced amounts due and payable on or prior to the date hereof, and, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by any party, including the reasonable and
documented fees and disbursements invoiced through the date hereof of the Administrative Agents counsel, which may be deducted from the proceeds of any related fees. 

SECTION 4. Miscellaneous. 

4.1. Covenants, Representations and Warranties. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, each party hereto hereby
reaffirms all covenants applicable to it (to the extent the same are not amended hereby), and confirms the representations and warranties made by it in the SCA and the other Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except to the
extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date). 

4.2. Representations and
Warranties. New Originator hereby represents and warrants that (i) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of New Originator, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, and upon the Effective Date:
(i) the addition of New Originator shall not result in a Change in Control; (ii) no Termination Event has occurred and is continuing; (iii) and no Event of Default or Potential Default exists or shall result from such addition. 

4.3. Choice of Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Venue; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. This
Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. Reference is hereby made to Section 10.5 which are hereby incorporated by
reference in this Agreement, mutatis mutandis. 

2 

4.4. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

4.5.
Headings. Section headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

4.6. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally
executed counterpart. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. Signature Pages Follow] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by
its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date specified thereon. 

NEW ORIGINATOR:

FRONTIER FIELD SERVICES, LLC

By: /s/ Trevor Howard

Name: Trevor Howard

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

SERVICER:

KINETIK HOLDINGS LP

By: /s/ Trevor Howard

Name: Trevor Howard

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to
Amendment No. 1 to RPA (Kinetik) 

Accepted and Approved:

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Imad Naja

Name: Imad Naja

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Joinder to SCA (Kinetik)] 

Schedule I 

List and Location of New Originator 

NAME LOCATION

FRONTIER FIELD SERVICES, LLC Delaware

Schedule II 

Location of Books and Records of the New Originator 

2700 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 300, Houston, TX 77056 

Schedule III 

Trade Names 

None. 

Schedule IV 

Notice Addresses 

(Omitted)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>kntk-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>kntk-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>kntk-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001692787

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Kinetik Holdings Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38048

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-4675947

Entity Address, Address Line One 2700 Post Oak Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town Houston

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77056

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 621-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol KNTK

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://imetrix.edgar-online.com//20250401/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d907123d8k.htm 
kntk-20250401.xsd 
kntk-20250401_lab.xml 
kntk-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-070545-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d907123d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001692787 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

false 
0001692787 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
Kinetik Holdings Inc. 
DE 
001-38048 
81-4675947 
2700 Post Oak Blvd. 
Suite 300 
Houston 
TX 
77056 
(713) 
621-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
KNTK 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>