<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-021340.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-021340.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206074514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-021340
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GRAHAM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000716314
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				161194720
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08462
		FILM NUMBER:		25595487

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 FLORENCE AVE
		CITY:			BATAVIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5853432216

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 FLORENCE AVENUE
		CITY:			BATAVIA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14020
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d934432d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

GRAHAM CORPfalse000071631400007163142025-02-052025-02-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2025

Graham Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-08462 16-1194720

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

20 Florence Avenue, Batavia, New York 14020

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (585)343-2216

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share GHM NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Thoren Employment Agreement 

On February 5, 2025, Graham Corporation (the Company) and Daniel J. Thoren entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the Thoren Employment Agreement) which amended and restated that certain amended and restated employment agreement dated August 31, 2021 between the Company and Mr. Thoren. Pursuant to the Thoren Employment Agreement, Mr. Thoren will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company through the close of business on June 9, 2025 after which Mr. Thoren will transition to Executive Chairman effective as of June 10, 2025. The Thoren Employment Agreement shall have a term of one year and shall be automatically extended for one additional day for each day that the Thoren Employment Agreement is in effect. 

There will be no changes to Mr. Thorens compensation during the remainder of his service as Chief Executive Officer. Effective June 10, 2025, Mr. Thorens base salary as Executive Chairman will be equal to a rate of $250,000 per annum. 

In connection with Mr. Thorens appointment as the Companys Executive Chairman, he will be eligible to receive a target bonus under the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Program (the Cash Bonus Program) for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 (Fiscal 2026) at 50 percent of Mr. Thorens earned Fiscal 2026 base salary. 

In addition, Mr. Thoren will be eligible to participate in the Companys Annual Stock-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Plan for Senior Executives (the Restricted Stock Bonus Program). The target amount of Mr. Thorens award under the Restricted Stock Bonus Program for the awards granted in the ordinary course during Fiscal 2026 will be 50 percent of Mr. Thorens base salary during his service as Executive Chairman. Mr. Thorens outstanding equity awards will continue to vest while he serves as Executive Chairman. 

The Thoren Employment Agreement provides that upon termination of Mr. Thorens employment by the Company without cause, or if Mr. Thoren resigns because of the Companys material breach of the Thoren Employment Agreement, the Company will pay Mr. Thoren compensation due him through the date of termination, including any accrued bonus, and continue his base salary for 12 months following such termination. Upon his appointment as Executive Chairman, Mr. Thoren will cease to be eligible to receive additional compensation if his termination occurs in proximity of a change in control of the Company. 

Malone Employment Agreement 

Further, on February 5, 2025, the Company and Matthew Malone entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the Malone Employment Agreement) which amended and restated that certain employment agreement dated as of June 1, 2021 between the Company and Mr. Malone. Pursuant to the Malone Employment Agreement, Mr. Malone will serve as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company effective February 5, 2025 through the close of business on June 9, 2025 (the COO Period). Effective June 10, 2025, Mr. Malone shall be employed as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer (the CEO Period). 

The Malone Employment Agreement has a term of one year, subject to automatic renewal periods until the Malone Employment Agreement is terminated or Mr. Malone attains the age of 65. Mr. Malones initial annual base salary pursuant to the Malone Employment Agreement is $400,000 per year during the COO Period and $480,000 per year during the CEO Period. 

Under the Malone Employment Agreement, Mr. Malone is eligible to receive a target bonus under the Cash Bonus Program for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2025 (Fiscal 2025) of 50 percent of Mr. Malones base salary earned during Fiscal 2025 and Mr. Malones target bonus under the Cash Bonus Plan for Fiscal 2026 will be 100 percent of Mr. Malones salary earned during Fiscal 2026. 

Mr. Malone will be eligible to participate in the Barber-Nichols Amended and Restated Performance Bonus Agreement (the BN Bonus) at a pro-rated amount for Fiscal 2025. Mr. Malone will not be eligible to participate in the BN Bonus for Fiscal 2026. 

In addition, Mr. Malone will be eligible to participate in the Restricted Stock Bonus Program. The target amount of Mr. Malones award under the Restricted Stock Bonus Program for the awards granted in the ordinary course during Fiscal 2026 will be 125 percent of Mr. Malones base salary during the CEO Period. 

The Malone Employment Agreement provides that, upon termination of Mr. Malones employment by the Company without cause, or if Mr. Malone resigns because of the Companys material breach of the Restated Employment Agreement, the Company will pay Mr. Malones compensation due him through the date of termination, including any accrued bonus, and continue his base salary for 12 months following such termination. The Malone Employment Agreement also provides that, if following a change in control of the Company, Mr. Malones employment is terminated by the Company without cause, or if Mr. Malone resigns in certain situations set forth in the Malone Employment Agreement, the Company will make a payment to Mr. Malone in an amount equal to 2.5 times the sum of (i) Mr. Malones annual salary rate in effect at the time of termination, and (ii) his target annual bonus at the time of his termination or resignation. If Mr. Malones employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, he will be subject to a 12-month covenant not to compete with the Company, not to interfere in certain of the Companys business relationships, and not to disclose confidential information of the Company. The Malone Employment Agreement also contains customary releases, covenants, and confidentiality provisions. 

There are no family relationships between Mr. Malone and any of the Companys directors or executive officers and there are no transactions reportable pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission between the Company and Mr. Malone. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Thoren Employment Agreement and the Malone Employment Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Thoren Employment Agreement and the Malone Employment Agreement, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7.01. 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

A copy of the press release dated February 6, 2025 announcing the leadership succession plan is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under such section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 5, 2025, between Graham Corporation and Daniel J. Thoren. 

10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 5, 2025, between Graham Corporation and Matthew Malone. 

99.1 Press Release dated February 6, 2025 describing the Leadership Succession Plan. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Graham Corporation

Date: February 6, 2025 By: 

/s/ Christopher J. Thome

Christopher J. Thome

Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d934432dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into as of February 5, 2025 by and
between Graham Corporation, a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 20 Florence Avenue, Batavia, New York 14020 (the Company), and Daniel Thoren, with a business address at 6325 West 55th Avenue, Arvada, Colorado
80002 (the Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate that certain Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement dated as of August 31, 2021 between the Company and the Executive, and to enter into this Agreement to describe the employment relationship and obligations of the parties that will be effective as of February 5, 2025.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound and in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, agree as
follows: 

1. Employment. The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts employment, upon
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

2. Duties. 

(a) The Executive shall be employed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company from February 5, 2025 through the close of
business on June 9, 2025 (the CEO Period). During the CEO Period, the Executive shall have authority and responsibility for the efficient and effective functioning of the Company as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and
shall report directly to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board). The Executive shall perform such duties generally consistent with Executives title and as may from time to time be required of the Executive by the Board.
The Executives office shall be located at the Companys place of business in Arvada, Colorado; provided that the Executive is required to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement from the Companys office in Batavia, New
York to the extent necessary to effectively perform his duties. In addition, the Executive agrees to travel to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance of Executives duties. The Executive shall devote Executives full time to
the business and affairs of the Company and shall use Executives best efforts, skill and ability in performing Executives duties on behalf of the Company. 

(b) Effective June 10, 2025, the Executive shall be employed as the Executive Chairman of the Company (the Executive Chairman
Period). During the Executive Chairman Period, the Executive shall oversee the strategic direction, governance, and long-term vision of the Company. The Executive shall serve as the Chairman of the Board during the Executive Chairman Period.
The Executive shall perform such duties generally consistent with Executives title and the Companys Executive Chairman Job Description, and as may from time to time be required of the Executive by the Board. The Executives office
shall continue to be located at the Companys place of business in Arvada, Colorado; provided that the Executive is required to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement from the Companys office in Batavia, New York to the
extent necessary to effectively perform his duties. In addition, the Executive agrees to travel to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance of Executives duties. During the Executive Chairman Period, the Executive shall devote
approximately thirty (30) hours per week to the 

1 

business and affairs of the Company and shall use Executives best efforts, skill and ability in performing Executives duties on behalf of the Company. 

(c) The Executive agrees that the Company, in its discretion, may apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit, life
insurance on the life of the Executive in any amount or amounts considered advisable, and that Executive shall have no right, title or interest therein. The Executive further agrees to submit to any medical or other examination and to execute and
deliver any application or other instrument in writing, reasonably necessary to effectuate such insurance, provided such actions do not materially harm the Executives ability to otherwise obtain or retain personal life insurance. 

3. Term. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall be and remain in effect during the period of
employment (the Term) established under this Section 3. 

(b) Except as provided in Section 3(c), beginning on
the effective date of this Agreement (i.e., February 5, 2025), the Term shall be for one year and shall be automatically extended for one additional day for each day (such that while this Agreement is in effect the remaining Term shall
never be less or greater than one year) that this Agreement is in effect, unless either the Company, or the Executive, respectively, elects not to extend the Term further by giving written notice to the other party, in which case the Term shall end
on the first anniversary of the date on which such written notice is given. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the
contrary, (i) this Agreement may be terminated during the Term as provided for herein and (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall mandate or prohibit a continuation of the Executives employment following the expiration of the Term upon
such terms and conditions as the Company and the Executive may mutually agree upon. 

4. Base Compensation. 

(a) During the CEO Period, as the base compensation for all services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company, the Company agrees
to pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall accept, a salary at a rate of $500,000.00 per annum, payable on a bi-weekly basis, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. 

(b) During the Executive Chairman Period, as the base compensation for all services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company, the
Company agrees to pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall accept, a salary at a rate of $250,000.00 per annum, payable on a bi-weekly basis, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings.
Periodically, the Board will review the salary of the Executive, taking into consideration such factors as the Executives performance and such other matters as it deems relevant and, in the Boards discretion alone, the Board may increase
the salary of the Executive to such rate as the Board deems proper; provided that the Company shall in no event be required to grant any such increase. 

2 

5. Incentive Compensation. 

(a) Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to receive bonuses and awards under the Companys bonus plans or
arrangements as may be in effect from time to time, including the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan, as may be from time to time determined by the Board or a committee thereof. For the Companys 2025 fiscal year, the Executive
shall remain eligible for his current bonus opportunity under the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan, and for the Companys 2026 fiscal year, the Executives target bonus under the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus
Plan will be 50 percent of the Executives earned fiscal 2026 base salary, but may be changed by the Board or a committee thereof at any time after March 31, 2026. 

(b) Long-Term Incentive Compensation. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any long-term incentive compensation plan
generally made available to senior executive officers of the Company in accordance with and subject to the terms of such plans, including the Companys Annual Stock-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Plan for Senior Executives, as may from time to
time be determined by the Board of a committee thereof. The Executives Long-Term Incentive Percentage under the Companys Annual Stock-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Plan for Senior Executives for the awards granted in the ordinary
course during the Companys 2026 fiscal year will initially be 50 percent of the Executives base salary during the Executive Chairman Period, but such Long-Term Incentive Percentage may be changed by the Board or a committee thereof
at any time after March 31, 2026. For the avoidance of doubt, any awards outstanding prior to the effective date of this Agreement will continue to vest while the Executive is employed in the Executive Chairman Period. 

(c) Other Compensation. The Company may, upon recommendation of the Board or a committee thereof, award to the Executive such
other bonuses and compensation as it deems appropriate and reasonable. 

6. Benefits. During the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall provide the following benefits to the Executive: 

(a) Medical. The Company will provide the
Executive health coverage for Executive and Executives family in accordance with the Companys health and medical insurance plans, as the same may be in effect from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible for paying the employee
portion of the premiums for such health and medical insurance plans. 

(b) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to
vacation in accordance with the Companys general vacation policies and practices as may be in effect from time to time. 

(c) General Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans and arrangements of the
Company that may be in effect from time to time and as may from time to time be made available to the other similarly situated executive officers of the Company, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall
administration of such plans and arrangements. 

(d) No Limitation of Companys Rights. Nothing in this Section 6
shall be construed to limit or restrict the complete discretion of the Company to amend, modify or terminate 

3 

any employee benefit plan or plans of the Company where such action generally affects plan participants or employees, including the Executive. 

(e) Insurance. During the CEO Term, the Company shall continue to provide Executive with $5,000 per annum for the
purpose of Executive procuring a term insurance policy that names such person(s) of Executives choosing as beneficiary(ies). During the Executive Chairman Period, the Company shall provide Executive with $2,500 per annum for the purpose of
Executive procuring a term insurance policy that names such person(s) of Executives choosing as beneficiary(ies). 

7. Travel Expenses. The Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary traveling and other
expenses incurred or paid by the Executive in connection with the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers and such other supporting information as the Company may from time to
time reasonably request. 

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate prior to the Term expiration date, hereinabove set
forth, in the event that the Executive shall die or the Board shall reasonably determine that the Executive has become disabled, or if the Executives employment shall be terminated for cause or without cause, as hereinafter provided. 

(a) Disability. The Board may determine that the Executive has become disabled, for purposes of this Agreement, in the event that
the Executive shall fail, because of illness or incapacity, to render for three successive months, or for shorter periods aggregating three months or more in any period of 12 months, services of the character contemplated by this Agreement; and
thereupon this Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated as of the end of the calendar month in which such determination is made. 

(b) For Cause. The Board may dismiss the Executive for cause in the event that it determines that there has been willful
misconduct by the Executive in connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder, or any other conduct on the part of the Executive which has been materially injurious to the Company; and thereupon this Agreement shall terminate
effective upon the delivery to the Executive of 30-day written notice that the Board has made such determination. For purposes of this Agreement, cause shall be determined only by a good faith
finding thereof by the Board, which shall afford the Executive the opportunity to appear before it prior to finalizing any such determination. 

(c) Without Cause. The Executive may resign without cause at any time upon 30 days written notice to the Company, in which
event the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of Executives termination except as to amounts due to him under Section 8(c)(i). The Company may dismiss the Executive without cause at any time upon 30-days written notice to the Executive. In the event that the Company dismisses the Executive other than for cause, or if the Executive resigns because of a material breach of this Agreement by the Company
(which Executive may do only if such breach remains materially uncured after the Executive has provided 30 days prior written notice to the Board), and the Executives dismissal or resignation qualifies as a separation from service
for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal 

4 

Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations and other official guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A), then the Company shall provide to the
Executive: 

(i) payment of the compensation due to him through the effective date of the termination of the
Executives employment, within ten business days following such effective date of the termination of the Executives employment; 

(ii) continuation of the Executives salary for 12 months following the effective date of the termination of the
Executives employment at: 

(1) if the termination occurs during the CEO Period, the rate specified in
Section 4(a), which salary continuation shall be paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; or 

(2) if the termination occurs during the Executive Chairman Period, the higher of the rate specified in Section 4(b)
or the Executives then-current annualized salary, which salary continuation shall be paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; and 

(iii) payment of any Accrued Bonus (as defined below), to be paid as soon as administratively practicable after the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the Executives separation from service. Accrued Bonus shall mean any amount of bonus with respect to any year prior to the year in which dismissal without cause
occurs (Prior Bonus Year) calculable by applying the formula prescribed by the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan as it existed on December 31 of such Prior Bonus Year and employing in the application of such formula
the goals, ratios and weighting percentages and other variable figures which the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan calls for the Companys Board or any committee thereof to determine annually which the Companys Board or any committee
thereof adopted for purposes of the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan prior to December 31 of such Prior Bonus Year. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, no Accrued Bonus shall be payable pursuant to this Section 8(c) for
any Prior Bonus Year with respect to which a bonus amount was paid to and accepted by the Executive. 

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, to the extent that any payments under Section 8(c) are subject to a six-month waiting period under Section 409A, any such payments that would be payable before the expiration of six months
following the Executives separation from service but for the operation of this sentence shall be made during the seventh month following the Executives separation from service. 

(d) In the event that the provisions of Section 8(c) are triggered, the Executive shall resign from all offices and directorships
of the Company and of all subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company, upon payment to the Executive of the amount referred to in Section 8(c)(i). 

(e) Release of Claims. The Companys obligation to provide the payments under this Section 8 is conditioned upon the
Executives execution of an enforceable release of all claims (and upon the expiration of all applicable rescission periods contained in such release) and 

5 

Executives compliance with all provisions of this Agreement. If the Executive chooses not to execute such a release (or rescinds such release) or fails to comply with these provisions, then
the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of Executives termination except as to amount due to him under Section 8(c)(i). 

(f) Return of Confidential Documentation. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason whatsoever, the
Executive shall return to the Company all working papers, computer equipment, notebooks, strategic plans and other confidential documents and information, in any form whatsoever. 

9. Change in Control. 

(a) Continuation by Executive of Employment Pending Change in Control during the CEO Period. In the event a person begins a
tender or exchange offer, circulates a proxy to stockholders, or takes other steps seeking to effect a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) during the CEO Period, the Executive agrees that he will not voluntarily leave the employ of the
Company, and will render the services contemplated in this Agreement, until such person has either abandoned or terminated his or its efforts to effect a Change in Control or until three months after a Change in Control has occurred, but no later
than the end of the CEO Period. 

(b) Post-Change in Control Termination Benefits. In addition to the benefits otherwise
payable to the Executive (other than Sections 8(c)(ii) and (iii)) pursuant to this Agreement, in the event a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined) occurs during the CEO Period, upon the event of a Termination (as hereinafter defined) of the
Executives employment with the Company before the end of the CEO Period: 

(i) The Company will pay to the
Executive as compensation for services rendered to the Company a lump sum (subject to any applicable payroll or other taxes required to be withheld) in an amount equal to 2.5 multiplied by the sum of (i) the Executives salary at the rate
in effect at the time of the Executives termination of employment, and (ii) the target amount of the Executives bonus under the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan (or successor plan thereto in effect at the time of the
Executives termination of employment) for the fiscal year that includes the date of the Executives termination of employment. The payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the
six-month anniversary of the effective date of the Executives separation from service. In the event the Executive dies prior to receiving the lump sum payment, but following the occurrence of any event
requiring the Company to make the payment required by this Section 9(b)(i), the payment provided for by this Section 9(b)(i) shall be paid to the Executives estate as soon as administratively practicable after the date of the
Executives death. The payment under this Section 9(b)(i) shall be made in lieu of the payments provided for by Sections 8(c)(ii) and (iii). 

(ii) The Company shall accelerate and make immediately exercisable in full any unvested stock options or shares of
restricted stock or restricted stock units (with performance-vesting restricted stock units vesting at target) that the Executive then holds. Accelerated stock options shall be exercisable by the Executive in accordance with their terms. 

6 

(iii) The Company shall pay and provide to the Executive (or, in the
event of his death, to his estate) as soon as administratively practicable after the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the termination of the Executives employment (or, in the event of his
death, as soon as administratively practicable after the date of his death), a lump sum payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of: 

(1) the value of the aggregate benefits to which he would be entitled under any and all qualified and non-qualified defined contribution pension plans maintained by, or covering employees of, the Company if he were 100 percent vested thereunder, such benefits to be determined as of the date of termination of
employment; or 

(2) the value of the benefits to which he is actually entitled under such defined contribution
pension plans as of the date of his termination. 

(iv) The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment
in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision of this Agreement, nor shall any payments under this Agreement be reduced on account of any compensation, benefits or service credits for benefits from any employment that
the Executive may obtain following his Termination. 

(v) The Companys obligation to provide the payments under
this Section 9(b) is conditioned upon the Executives execution of an enforceable release of all claims (and upon the expiration of all applicable rescission periods contained in such release) and his compliance with all provisions of this
Agreement. If the Executive chooses not to execute such a release (or rescinds such release) or fails to comply with these provisions, then the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of his termination except as to
amount due to him under Section 8(c)(i). 

(vi) The Company will provide continuation of the health and medical
coverage described in Section 6(a) for a period of 18 months following the effective date of the termination of the Executives employment. 

(c) Definitions. 

(i) For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control shall mean: 

(1) the reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company with one or more individuals, corporations, partnerships,
associations, joint-stock companies, trusts, estates, unincorporated organizations or any other business organizations (Persons), other than a transaction following which at least 51% of the ownership interests of the institution
resulting from such transaction are owned by Persons who, immediately prior to such transaction, owned at least 51% of the outstanding voting share of the Company; 

(2) the acquisition of more than 25% of the voting shares of the Company by any Person or Persons acting in concert; 

7 

(3) the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of the Company
by any Person or Persons acting in concert; or 

(4) the occurrence of any event if, immediately following such event,
at least 50% of the members of the Board do not belong to any of the following groups: 

(A) individuals who were
members of the Board on February 5, 2025; or 

(B) individuals who first became members of the Board after
February 5, 2025 either: 

(1) upon election to serve as a member of the Board by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the members of the Board, or a nominating committee thereof, in office at the time of such first election; or 

(2) upon election by the stockholders of the Company to serve as a member of the Board, but only if nominated for
election by affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board, or a nominating committee thereof, in office at the time of such first nomination. 

For purposes of this definition, Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a
joint-stock company, a trust, an estate, an unincorporated organization and any other business organization. 

(ii) For the purposes of this Section 9, the term Termination shall mean termination by the Company of
the employment of the Executive with the Company (including its subsidiaries) for any reason other than death, disability or cause (as defined herein), or resignation of the Executive, that qualifies as a separation from service for
purposes of Section 409A, upon the occurrence of either of the following events: 

(1) A change in the nature or
scope of the Executives authority from that prior to a Change in Control, a reduction in the Executives total compensation (including all and any base compensation, bonuses, incentive compensation and benefits of any kind or nature
whatsoever) from that prior to a Change in Control, or failure of the Company to make any increase in compensation to which the Executive may be entitled under any employment agreement, or a change requiring the Executive to perform services other
than in Arvada, Colorado or in any location more than thirty miles distant from Arvada, Colorado by road, except for required travel on the Companys business to an extent substantially consistent with the Executives present business
travel obligations; or 

(2) A reasonable determination (as defined below) by the Executive that, as a result of a
Change in Control and a change in circumstances 

8 

thereafter significantly affecting his position, he is unable to exercise the authority, powers, function or duties attached to his position. 

(iii) Termination of employment by the Executive in his reasonable determination shall mean termination based
on: 

(1) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, and without the Executives express written consent,
the assignment to him of any duties inconsistent with his positions, duties, responsibilities and status with the Company immediately prior to a Change in Control, or a change in the Executives reporting responsibilities, titles, or offices as
in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, or any removal of the Executive from or any failure to re-elect him to any of such positions, except in connection with the termination of his employment for
cause, disability or retirement or as a result of his death or by the Executive other than in a reasonable determination; or 

(2) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, a reduction by the Company in the Executives base salary as
in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from time to time, or failure of the Company to make an increase in compensation to which the Executive may be entitled under any employment agreement; or 

(3) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, a failure by the Company to continue any bonus plans in which the
Executive is presently entitled to participate (the Bonus Plans) as the same may be modified from time to time but substantially in the forms currently in effect, or a failure by the Company to continue the Executive as a participant in
the Bonus Plans on at least the same basis as he presently participates in accordance with the Bonus Plans; or 

(4) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, the failure by the Company to continue in effect (subject to such
changes as may be required by law from time to time) any benefit or compensation plan, stock ownership plan, stock purchase plan, stock option plan, life insurance plan,
health-and-accident plan or disability plan in which the Executive is participating at the time of Change in Control of the Company (or plans providing him with
substantially similar benefits), the taking of any action by the Company which would adversely affect the Executives participation in or materially reduce his benefits under any of such plans or deprive him of any material fringe benefit
enjoyed by him at the time of the Change in Control, or the failure by the Company to provide him with the number of paid vacation days to which he is then entitled in accordance with the Companys normal vacation policy in effect on the date
hereof; or 

(5) prior to a Change in Control of the Company, the failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of
the agreement to perform this Agreement by any successor as contemplated in Section 17. 

9 

(d) Golden Parachute Limitation.

(i) In the event that the independent auditors most recently selected by the Board (the Auditors) determine
that any payment by the Company under this Section 9(d) to or for the benefit of the Executive would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of the provisions concerning excess parachute payments in
Section 280G of the Code, then the total amount of all payments under this Section 9(d) shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount. For purposes of this Section 9(d), the Reduced Amount shall be the amount
that maximizes the total amount of the payments without causing any payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Section 280G of the Code. 

(ii) If the Auditors determine that any payment under this Section 9(d) would be nondeductible by the Company
because of Section 280G of the Code, then the Company shall promptly give the Executive notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof and of the Reduced Amount, and the Executive may then elect, in his sole discretion,
which and how much of the payments shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the payments equals the Reduced Amount) and shall advise the Company in writing of his election within ten days of
receipt of notice. If no such election is made by the Executive within such ten-day period, then the Company may elect which and how much of the payments under this Section 9(d) shall be eliminated or
reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the payments equals the Reduced Amount) and shall notify the Executive promptly of such election. All determinations made by the Auditors under this Section 9(d) shall be
binding upon the Company and the Executive and shall be made within 60 days of the date when a payment becomes payable. 

As a result of uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of an initial determination by the
Auditors hereunder, it is possible that payments will have been made by the Company that should not have been made (an Overpayment) or that additional payments that will not have been made by the Company could have been made (an
Underpayment), consistent in each case with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Auditors, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Executive
that the Auditors believe has a high probability of success, determine that an Overpayment has been made, such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Executive which he or she shall repay to the Company, together with
interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code; provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by the Executive to the Company if and to the extent that such payment would not reduce the amount subject to
taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Auditors determine that an Underpayment has occurred, such Underpayment shall promptly be paid or transferred by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, together with
interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, to the extent that any payments under Section 9 are subject to a six-month waiting period under Section 409A, any such payments that would be payable before the expiration of six months
following the Executives separation 

10 

from service but for the operation of this sentence shall be made during the seventh month following the Executives separation from service. 

10. Covenants of Executive. The Executive acknowledges that: (i) the business of the Company and its affiliates, as
currently conducted and as conducted from time to time throughout the term of this Agreement (collectively, the Business), is conducted by and is proposed to be conducted by the Company on a world-wide basis (the Companys
Market); (ii) the Business involves providing design, engineering and manufacture of certain vacuum and heat transfer equipment, including but not limited to steam condensers, steam jet ejectors, shell and tube heat exchangers, plate and
frame heat exchangers, Heliflow heat exchangers, liquid ring vacuum pumps and rotary piston pumps, and further involves the design and production of turbomachinery for aerospace, cryogenic, defense, and commercial applications; (iii) the
Company has developed trade secrets and confidential information concerning the Business; and (iv) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 10 are essential to protect the Business. In order to induce the Company to enter
into this Employment Agreement, the Executive covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Agreement Not To Compete. For a period of 12
months after the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason (such period of time hereinafter referred to as the Restricted Period), neither the Executive nor any entity of which 20 percent or more of
the beneficial ownership is held by the Executive or a person related to the Executive by blood or marriage (Controlled Entity) will, anywhere in the Companys Market, directly or indirectly own, manage, operate, control,
invest or acquire an interest in, or otherwise engage or participate in, whether as a proprietor, partner, stockholder, director, officer, member manager, employee or otherwise any business which competes in the Companys Market with the
Business, without the prior written consent of the Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the Executive may make a passive investment in any publicly-traded company or entity in an amount not to exceed five percent of the
voting stock of any such company or entity. 

(b) Agreement Not To Interfere in Business Relationships. 

(i) During the Restricted Period, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will directly or indirectly solicit,
induce or influence any customer, or any other person which has a business relationship with the Company or any affiliate, or which had on the date of this Agreement such a relationship with the Company or any affiliate, to discontinue or reduce the
extent of such relationship with the Company or any affiliate in the Companys Market. 

(ii) During the
Restricted Period, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will (1) directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or influence any stockholder or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to discontinue such
employment or other relationship with the Company or any affiliate, or (2) employ or seek to employ, or cause any business which competes in the Companys Markets to employ or seek to employ for any reason, any person who is then (or was
at any time within six months prior to the date the Executive or such business employs or seeks to employ such person) employed by the Company or any affiliate without the prior written consent of the Company. 

11 

(c) Non-Disparagement. During and after
the Term, the Executive and any Controlled Entity shall not publicly disparage: the Company; the Companys predecessors, successors, subsidiaries, related entities, and all of their members, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, attorneys,
employees, or board members; or the Companys customers. Nothing in this Section 10(c) precludes the Executive from making truthful statements in connection with (i) a disclosure required by law, regulation, or order of a court or
governmental agency, (ii) the filing of a good faith report or participation in a proceeding related to an alleged violation of any applicable law, regulation, or order of a court or governmental agency, or (iii) any governmental,
quasi-governmental or administrative or judicial inquiry or court proceeding. During and after the Term, the Company shall not and it shall cause its directors and officers not to publicly disparage the Executive. 

(d) Confidentiality. During and after the Term, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will directly or indirectly
disclose to anyone, or use or otherwise exploit for the Executives or any Controlled Entitys own benefit or for the benefit of anyone other than the Company, any confidential information, including, without limitation, any confidential know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, details of customer contracts, pricing policies, operational methods, marketing plans or strategies, product development techniques or plans, business acquisition
plans and new personnel acquisition plans of the Company or any affiliate related to the Business or any portion or phase of any scientific, engineering or technical information, design, process, procedure, formula, improvement, discovery,
invention, machinery or device of the Company or any affiliate, whether or not in written or tangible form (all of the preceding is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information). The term Confidential Information does
not include, and there shall be no obligation hereunder with respect to, information that becomes generally available to the public or the Companys competitors other than as a result of a disclosure by the Executive or a Controlled Entity or
any agent or other representative thereof. Neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity shall have any obligation hereunder to keep confidential any Confidential Information to the extent disclosure is required by law, or determined in good faith
by the Executive to be necessary or appropriate to comply with any legal or regulatory order, regulation or requirement; provided, however, that in the event disclosure is required by law, the Executive or the Controlled Entity concerned shall
provide the Company with prompt advance written notice of such requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order. It is understood that in any new employment, the Executive may use Executives ordinary skill and non-confidential knowledge, even though said skill and non-confidential knowledge may have been gained at the Company. The Executives obligations under this
Section 10(d) shall be in addition to, not in substitution for, any common law fiduciary duties the Executive has to the Company regarding information acquired during the course of Executives employment. 

(e) Intellectual Property. The Executive shall communicate to the Company full information concerning all inventions,
improvements, discoveries, formulas, processes, systems of organization, management procedures, software or computer applications (hereinafter, collectively, Intellectual Property) made or conceived by him either solely or jointly with
others while in the employ of the Company, whether or not perfected during Executives period of employment and which shall be within the existing or contemplated scope of the Companys business during Executives employment. The
Executive will assist the Company and its nominees in every way at the Companys expense in obtaining patents for such Intellectual Property as may be patentable in any and all countries and the Executive will execute all papers the Company may

12 

desire and assignments thereof to the Company or its nominees and said Intellectual Property shall be and remain the property of the Company and its nominees, if any, whether patented or not or
assigned or not. 

(f) Survival of Covenants. In the event of a termination of this Agreement, the covenants and agreements
contained in this Section 10 shall survive, shall continue thereafter, and shall not expire unless and except as expressly set forth in this Section. 

(g) Remedies. The parties to this Agreement agree that (i) if either the Executive or any Controlled Entity breaches any
provision of this Section 10, the damage to the Company and its affiliates will be substantial, although difficult to ascertain, and money damages will not afford an adequate remedy, and (ii) if either the Executive or any Controlled
Entity is in breach of this Agreement, or threatens a breach of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled in its own right and/or on behalf of one or more of its affiliates, in addition to all other rights and remedies as may be available at law
or in equity, to (1) injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or restrain a breach of this Agreement and (2) may require the breaching party to pay damages as the result of any transactions constituting a breach hereof. 

(h) Notice of Immunity. The Executive understands that under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (the Act), an
individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly
or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal. The Executive further understands that under the Act, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by a company for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the
trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

11. Indemnification of Executive. In the event the Executive is terminated for any reason, (a) the Company will hold
harmless and indemnify the Executive for all third party claims, actions or other proceedings against the Executive initiated either prior to the termination of employment or thereafter which relate to duties performed in good faith by the Executive
while employed by the Company; and (b) the Company will retain the Executive as named insured under any directors and officers insurance policies it may have, for acts of the Executive during the time Executive served as an officer
of the Company. Additionally, all reasonable legal and other costs incurred by the Executive to defend Executive will be paid by the Company, as the Executive is billed for such costs, within ten days of periodic submission to the Company of
statements of charges of attorneys and statements of other expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such defense. 

12. Effect of Waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof. 

13. Notice. Any and all notices provided for herein shall be in
writing and shall be physically delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested to the parties 

13 

at their respective addresses set forth hereinabove. Either party may from time to time designate a different address for notices to be sent to such party by giving the other party due notice of
such different address. 

14. Modification and Assignment. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement and all of its terms and conditions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns, including but not limited to any corporation or other entity with or into which the Company is merged or consolidated or any other successor of the Company. The Executive agrees that Executive will not and may not assign, transfer or
convey, pledge or encumber this Agreement or Executives right, title or interest therein, or Executives power to execute the same or any monies due or to become due hereunder, this Agreement being intended to secure the personal services
of the Executive, and the Company shall not recognize any such assignment, transfer, conveyance, pledge or encumbrance. 

15. Applicable Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any action or proceeding brought by either party against the other arising out of or related to the Agreement shall be brought only
in a state court of competent jurisdiction located in the County of Monroe, State of New York or the Federal District Court for the Western District of New York located in Monroe County, New York and the parties hereby consent to the personal
jurisdiction and venue of said courts. 

16. Prior Agreements. This Agreement shall supersede any prior employment agreement,
arrangement or understanding between the Company and the Executive, without limitation, and shall be effective from the date specified hereinabove. 

17. Business Combinations. In the event of any sale, merger or any form of business combination affecting the Company, including
without limitation the purchase of assets or any other form of business combination, the Company will obtain the express written assumption of this Agreement by the acquiring or surviving entity from such combination, and failure of the Company to
obtain such an assumption will constitute a breach of this Agreement, entitling the Executive to all payments and other benefits to be provided in the event of termination without cause provided in Section 8. 

18. Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code to the extent its
provisions are subject to that law. The parties agree that they will negotiate in good faith regarding amendments necessary to bring this Agreement into compliance with the terms of that Section or an exemption therefrom as interpreted by guidance
issued by the Internal Revenue Service, taking into account any limitations on amendments imposed by Section 409A or Internal Revenue Service guidance. The parties further agree that to the extent the terms of this Agreement fail to qualify for
exemption from or satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, this Agreement may be operated in compliance with Section 409A pending amendment to the extent authorized by the Internal Revenue Service. In such circumstances the Company and
the Executive will administer the Agreement in a manner which adheres as closely as possible to the existing terms and intent of the Agreement while complying with Section 409A. 

14 

19. Headings. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and are not to be considered in the interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

20. Invalidity
or Unenforceability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision hereof and this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect as if such invalid or unenforceable term or provision (to the extent of the invalidity or unenforceability) had not been contained herein. If any court determines that any provision of Section 10 hereof is unenforceable
because of the duration or geographic scope of such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the scope or duration of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable. 

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which for all purposes shall be deemed to
be an original. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

GRAHAM CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Jonathan W. Painter

Name: Jonathan W. Painter

Title: Chairman of the Board

By: 

/s/ Daniel Thoren

Name: Daniel Thoren

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Daniel
Thoren]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d934432dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into as of February 5, 2025 by and
between Graham Corporation, a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 20 Florence Avenue, Batavia, New York 14020 (the Company), and Matthew Malone, with a business address at 6325 West 55th Avenue, Arvada, Colorado
80002 (the Executive). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to amend and restate that certain Employment Agreement
dated as of June 1, 2021 between the Company and the Executive, and to enter into this Agreement to describe the employment relationship and obligations of the parties that will be effective as of February 5, 2025. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound and in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, agree as
follows: 

1. Employment. The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive hereby accepts employment, upon
the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

2. Duties. 

(a) The Executive shall be employed as the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from February 5, 2025 through the
close of business on June 9, 2025 (the COO Period). During the COO Period, the Executive shall have authority and responsibility for the efficient and effective functioning of the Company as the Companys President and Chief
Operating Officer and shall report directly to the Companys Chief Executive Officer (the CEO). The Executive shall perform such duties generally consistent with Executives title and as may from time to time be required of the
Executive by the CEO. The Executives office shall be located at the Companys place of business in Arvada, Colorado; provided that the Executive is required to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement from the Companys
office in Batavia, New York to the extent necessary to effectively perform his duties. In addition, the Executive agrees to travel to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance of Executives duties. The Executive shall devote
Executives full time to the business and affairs of the Company and shall use Executives best efforts, skill and ability in performing Executives duties on behalf of the Company. 

(b) Effective June 10, 2025, the Executive shall be employed as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the
CEO Period). During the CEO Period, the Executive shall have authority and responsibility for the efficient and effective functioning of the Company as the Companys President and Chief Executive Officer and shall report directly to
the Companys Board of Directors (the Board). The Executive shall perform such duties generally consistent with Executives title and as may from time to time be required of the Executive by the Board. The Executives
office shall be located at the Companys place of business in Arvada, Colorado; provided that the Executive is required to provide the services contemplated by this Agreement from the Companys office in Batavia, New York to the extent
necessary to effectively perform his duties. In addition, the Executive agrees to travel to the extent reasonably necessary for the performance of Executives duties. The Executive shall devote Executives full time to the

business and affairs of the Company and shall use Executives best efforts, skill and ability in performing Executives duties on behalf of the Company. 

(c) The Executive agrees that the Company, in its discretion, may apply for and procure in its own name and for its own benefit, life
insurance on the life of the Executive in any amount or amounts considered advisable, and that Executive shall have no right, title or interest therein. The Executive further agrees to submit to any medical or other examination and to execute and
deliver any application or other instrument in writing, reasonably necessary to effectuate such insurance, provided such actions do not materially harm the Executives ability to otherwise obtain or retain personal life insurance. 

3. Term. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall be and remain in effect during the period of
employment (the Term) established under this Section 3. 

(b) Except as provided in Section 3(c), beginning on
the effective date of this Agreement (i.e., February 5, 2025), the Term shall be for one year and shall be automatically extended for one additional day for each day (such that while this Agreement is in effect the remaining Term shall
never be less or greater than one year) that this Agreement is in effect, unless either the Company, or the Executive, respectively, elects not to extend the Term further by giving written notice to the other party, in which case the Term shall end
on the first anniversary of the date on which such written notice is given; provided, however, that in any event, the Term shall end on the last day of the month in which the Executive attains the age of 65. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, (i) this Agreement may be terminated during the Term as provided for
herein and (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall mandate or prohibit a continuation of the Executives employment following the expiration of the Term upon such terms and conditions as the Company and the Executive may mutually agree upon.

4. Base Compensation. 

(a) During the COO Period, as the base compensation for all services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company, the Company agrees
to pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall accept, a salary at a rate of $400,000.00 per annum, payable on a bi-weekly basis, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. 

(b) During the CEO Period, as the base compensation for all services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company, the Company agrees
to pay to the Executive, and the Executive shall accept, a salary at a rate of $480,000.00 per annum, payable on a bi-weekly basis, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. Periodically, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Board will review the salary of the Executive, taking into consideration such factors as the Executives performance and such other matters as it deems relevant and, in the Boards discretion alone, the Board may
increase the salary of the Executive to such rate as the Board deems proper; provided that the Company shall in no event be required to grant any such increase. 

2 

5. Incentive Compensation. 

(a) Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to receive bonuses and awards under the Companys bonus plans or
arrangements as may be in effect from time to time, including the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan, as may be from time to time determined by the Board or a committee thereof. For the Companys 2025 fiscal year, the
Executives target bonus under the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan will be 50% of the Executives base salary earned during fiscal 2025, and the Executives target bonus under the Companys Annual Executive Cash
Bonus Plan for the 2026 fiscal year will initially be 100% of the Executives base salary earned during fiscal 2026, but may be changed by the Board or a committee thereof at any time after March 31, 2026. In addition, the Executive will
be eligible to receive a pro-rata payment under the Barber-Nichols Amended and Restated Performance Bonus Agreement for the 2025 fiscal year based on the number of days employed during the fiscal year through
and including February 4, 2025, and the total number of days in the fiscal year, so long as he remains employed by Barber-Nichols LLC (BN) through February 4, 2025, but will be ineligible for such plan for the 2026 fiscal year
and thereafter. 

(b) Long-Term Incentive Compensation. The Executive shall be eligible to participate in any long-term
incentive compensation plan generally made available to senior executive officers of the Company in accordance with and subject to the terms of such plans, including the Companys Annual Stock-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Plan for Senior
Executives, as may from time to time be determined by the Board of a committee thereof. The target amount of the Executives award under the Companys Annual Stock-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Plan for Senior Executives for the awards
granted in the ordinary course during the Companys 2026 fiscal year will be 125% of the Executives base salary during the CEO Period, but may be changed by the Board or a committee thereof at any time after March 31, 2026. 

(c) Other Compensation. The Company may, upon recommendation of the Board or a committee thereof, award to the Executive such
other bonuses and compensation as it deems appropriate and reasonable. 

6. Benefits. During the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall provide the following benefits to the Executive: 

(a) Medical. The Company will provide the
Executive health coverage for Executive and Executives family in accordance with the Companys health and medical insurance plans, as the same may be in effect from time to time. The Executive shall be responsible for paying the employee
portion of the premiums for such health and medical insurance plans. 

(b) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to
vacation in accordance with the Companys general vacation policies and practices as may be in effect from time to time. The Company acknowledges that the Executives employment term with BN will be added to the Executives employment
term with the Company for purposes of determining the Executives entitlement to vacation. 

(c) General Benefits. The
Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans and arrangements of the Company that may be in effect from time to time 

3 

and as may from time to time be made available to the other similarly situated executive officers of the Company, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall
administration of such plans and arrangements. The Company acknowledges that the Executives employment term with BN will be added to the Executives employment term with the Company for purposes of determining the Executives
entitlement to such benefits. 

(d) No Limitation of Companys Rights. Nothing in this Section 6 shall be construed
to limit or restrict the complete discretion of the Company to amend, modify or terminate any employee benefit plan or plans of the Company where such action generally affects plan participants or employees, including the Executive. 

(e) Insurance. The Company shall provide Executive with $5,000 per annum for the purpose of Executive procuring a
term insurance policy that names such person(s) of Executives choosing as beneficiary(ies). 

7. Travel Expenses. The
Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary traveling and other expenses incurred or paid by the Executive in connection with the performance of Executives duties under this Agreement upon presentation of
expense statements or vouchers and such other supporting information as the Company may from time to time reasonably request. However, the amount available for such traveling and other expenses may be fixed in advance by the Company. 

8. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate prior to the Term expiration date, hereinabove set forth, in the event that the
Executive shall die or the Board shall reasonably determine that the Executive has become disabled, or if the Executives employment shall be terminated for cause or without cause, as hereinafter provided. 

(a) Disability. The Board may determine that the Executive has become disabled, for purposes of this Agreement, in the event that
the Executive shall fail, because of illness or incapacity, to render for three successive months, or for shorter periods aggregating three months or more in any period of 12 months, services of the character contemplated by this Agreement; and
thereupon this Agreement and all rights of the Executive hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated as of the end of the calendar month in which such determination is made. 

(b) For Cause. The Board may dismiss the Executive for cause in the event that it determines that there has been willful
misconduct by the Executive in connection with the performance of Executives duties hereunder, or any other conduct on the part of the Executive which has been materially injurious to the Company; and thereupon this Agreement shall terminate
effective upon the delivery to the Executive of 30-day written notice that the Board has made such determination. For purposes of this Agreement, cause shall be determined only by a good faith
finding thereof by the Board, which shall afford the Executive the opportunity to appear before it prior to finalizing any such determination. 

(c) Without Cause. The Executive may resign without cause at any time upon 30 days written notice to the Company, in which
event the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of Executives termination except as to amounts due to him under 

4 

Section 8(c)(i). The Company may dismiss the Executive without cause at any time upon 30-days written notice to the Executive. In the event that
the Company dismisses the Executive other than for cause, or if the Executive resigns because of a material breach of this Agreement by the Company (which Executive may do only if such breach remains materially uncured after the Executive has
provided 30 days prior written notice to the Board), and the Executives dismissal or resignation qualifies as a separation from service for purposes of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the
Treasury Regulations and other official guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A), then the Company shall provide to the Executive: 

(i) payment of the compensation due to him through the effective date of the termination of the Executives
employment, within ten business days following such effective date of the termination of the Executives employment; 

(ii) continuation of the Executives salary for 12 months following the effective date of the termination of the
Executives employment at 

(1) if the termination occurs during the COO Period, the higher of the rate
specified in Section 4(a) or the Executives then-current annualized salary, which salary continuation shall be paid bi-weekly in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; or 

(2) if the termination occurs during the CEO Period, the higher of the rate specified in Section 4(b) or the
Executives then-current annualized salary, which salary continuation shall be paid biweekly in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices; and 

(iii) payment of any Accrued Bonus (as defined below), to be paid as soon as administratively practicable after the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the Executives separation from service. Accrued Bonus shall mean any amount of bonus with respect to any year prior to the year in which dismissal without cause
occurs (Prior Bonus Year) calculable by applying the formula prescribed by the Companys Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan as it existed on December 31 of such Prior Bonus Year and employing in the application of such formula
the goals, ratios and weighting percentages and other variable figures which the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan calls for the Companys Board or any committee thereof to determine annually which the Companys Board or any committee
thereof adopted for purposes of the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan prior to December 31 of such Prior Bonus Year. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, no Accrued Bonus shall be payable pursuant to this Section 8(c) for
any Prior Bonus Year with respect to which a bonus amount was paid to and accepted by the Executive. 

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, to the extent that any payments under Section 8(c) are subject to a six-month waiting period under Section 409A, any such payments that would be payable before the expiration of six months
following the Executives separation from service but for the operation of this sentence shall be made during the seventh month following the Executives separation from service. 

5 

(d) In the event that the provisions of Section 8(c) are triggered, the Executive
shall resign from all offices and directorships of the Company and of all subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company, upon payment to the Executive of the amount referred to in Section 8(c)(i). 

(e) Release of Claims. The Companys obligation to provide the payments under this Section 8 is conditioned upon the
Executives execution of an enforceable release of all claims (and upon the expiration of all applicable rescission periods contained in such release) and Executives compliance with all provisions of this Agreement. If the Executive
chooses not to execute such a release (or rescinds such release) or fails to comply with these provisions, then the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of Executives termination except as to amount due to
him under Section 8(c)(i). 

(f) Return of Confidential Documentation. Upon termination of Executives employment
for any reason whatsoever, the Executive shall return to the Company all working papers, computer equipment, notebooks, strategic plans and other confidential documents and information, in any form whatsoever. 

9. Change in Control. 

(a) Continuation by Executive of Employment Pending Change in Control. In the event a person begins a tender or exchange offer,
circulates a proxy to stockholders, or takes other steps seeking to effect a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), the Executive agrees that he will not voluntarily leave the employ of the Company, and will render the services contemplated in
this Agreement, until such person has either abandoned or terminated his or its efforts to effect a Change in Control or until three months after a Change in Control has occurred. 

(b) Post-Change in Control Termination Benefits. In addition to the benefits otherwise payable to the Executive (other than
Sections 8(c)(ii) and (iii)) pursuant to this Agreement, upon the event of a Termination (as hereinafter defined) of the Executives employment with the Company within two years after a Change in Control 

(i) The Company will pay to the Executive as compensation for services rendered to the Company a lump sum (subject to any
applicable payroll or other taxes required to be withheld) in an amount equal to 2.5 multiplied by the sum of (i) the Executives salary at the rate in effect at the time of the Executives termination of employment, and (ii) the
target amount of the Executives bonus under the Annual Executive Cash Bonus Plan (or successor plan thereto in effect at the time of the Executives termination of employment) for the fiscal year that includes the date of the
Executives termination of employment. The payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the Executives separation from
service. In the event the Executive dies prior to receiving the lump sum payment, but following the occurrence of any event requiring the Company to make the payment required by this Section 9(b)(i), the payment provided for by this
Section 9(b)(i) shall be paid to the Executives estate as soon as administratively practicable after the date of the Executives death. The payment under this Section 9(b)(i) shall be made in lieu of the payments provided for by
Sections 8(c)(ii) and (iii). 

6 

(ii) The Company shall accelerate and make immediately exercisable in
full any unvested stock options or shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units (with performance-vesting restricted stock units vesting at target) that the Executive then holds. Accelerated stock options shall be exercisable by the
Executive in accordance with their terms. 

(iii) The Company shall pay and provide to the Executive (or, in the event
of his death, to his estate) as soon as administratively practicable after the six-month anniversary of the effective date of the termination of the Executives employment (or, in the event of his death,
as soon as administratively practicable after the date of his death), a lump sum payment in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of: 

(1) the value of the aggregate benefits to which he would be entitled under any and all qualified and non-qualified defined contribution pension plans maintained by, or covering employees of, the Company if he were 100 percent vested thereunder, such benefits to be determined as of the date of termination of
employment; or 

(2) the value of the benefits to which he is actually entitled under such defined contribution
pension plans as of the date of his termination. 

(iv) The Executive shall not be obligated to seek other employment
in mitigation of the amounts payable or arrangements made under any provision of this Agreement, nor shall any payments under this Agreement be reduced on account of any compensation, benefits or service credits for benefits from any employment that
the Executive may obtain following his Termination. 

(v) The Companys obligation to provide the payments under
this Section 9(b) is conditioned upon the Executives execution of an enforceable release of all claims (and upon the expiration of all applicable rescission periods contained in such release) and his compliance with all provisions of this
Agreement. If the Executive chooses not to execute such a release (or rescinds such release) or fails to comply with these provisions, then the Companys obligation to compensate him ceases on the effective date of his termination except as to
amount due to him under Section 8(c)(i). 

(vi) The Company will provide continuation of the health and medical
coverage described in Section 6(a) for a period of 18 months following the effective date of the termination of the Executives employment. 

(c) Definitions. 

(i) For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control shall mean: 

(1) the reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company with one or more individuals, corporations, partnerships,
associations, joint-stock companies, trusts, estates, unincorporated organizations or any other business organizations (Persons), other than a transaction following which at least 51% of 

7 

the ownership interests of the institution resulting from such transaction are owned by Persons who, immediately prior to such transaction, owned at least 51% of the outstanding voting share of
the Company; 

(2) the acquisition of more than 25% of the voting shares of the Company by any Person or Persons
acting in concert; 

(3) the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of the Company by any Person or Persons
acting in concert; or 

(4) the occurrence of any event if, immediately following such event, at least 50% of the
members of the Board do not belong to any of the following groups: 

(A) individuals who were members of the Board on
February 5, 2025; or 

(B) individuals who first became members of the Board after February 5, 2025 either:

(1) upon election to serve as a member of the Board by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the
Board, or a nominating committee thereof, in office at the time of such first election; or 

(2) upon election by the
stockholders of the Company to serve as a member of the Board, but only if nominated for election by affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board, or a nominating committee thereof, in office at the time of such first nomination. 

For purposes of this definition, Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a
joint-stock company, a trust, an estate, an unincorporated organization and any other business organization. 

(ii) For the purposes of this Section 9, the term Termination shall mean termination by the Company of
the employment of the Executive with the Company (including its subsidiaries) for any reason other than death, disability or cause (as defined herein), or resignation of the Executive, that qualifies as a separation from service for
purposes of Section 409A, upon the occurrence of either of the following events: 

(1) A change in the nature or
scope of the Executives authority from that prior to a Change in Control, a reduction in the Executives total compensation (including all and any base compensation, bonuses, incentive compensation and benefits of any kind or nature
whatsoever) from that prior to a Change in Control, or failure of the Company to make any increase in compensation to which the Executive may be entitled under any employment agreement, or a change requiring the Executive to perform services other
than in Arvada, Colorado 

8 

or in any location more than thirty miles distant from Arvada, Colorado by road, except for required travel on the Companys business to an extent substantially consistent with the
Executives present business travel obligations; or 

(2) A reasonable determination (as defined below) by the
Executive that, as a result of a Change in Control and a change in circumstances thereafter significantly affecting his position, he is unable to exercise the authority, powers, function or duties attached to his position. 

(iii) Termination of employment by the Executive in his reasonable determination shall mean termination based
on: 

(1) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, and without the Executives express written consent,
the assignment to him of any duties inconsistent with his positions, duties, responsibilities and status with the Company immediately prior to a Change in Control, or a change in the Executives reporting responsibilities, titles, or offices as
in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, or any removal of the Executive from or any failure to re-elect him to any of such positions, except in connection with the termination of his employment for
cause, disability or retirement or as a result of his death or by the Executive other than in a reasonable determination; or 

(2) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, a reduction by the Company in the Executives base salary as
in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from time to time, or failure of the Company to make an increase in compensation to which the Executive may be entitled under any employment agreement; or 

(3) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, a failure by the Company to continue any bonus plans in which the
Executive is presently entitled to participate (the Bonus Plans) as the same may be modified from time to time but substantially in the forms currently in effect, or a failure by the Company to continue the Executive as a participant in
the Bonus Plans on at least the same basis as he presently participates in accordance with the Bonus Plans; or 

(4) subsequent to a Change in Control of the Company, the failure by the Company to continue in effect (subject to such
changes as may be required by law from time to time) any benefit or compensation plan, stock ownership plan, stock purchase plan, stock option plan, life insurance plan,
health-and-accident plan or disability plan in which the Executive is participating at the time of Change in Control of the Company (or plans providing him with
substantially similar benefits), the taking of any action by the Company which would adversely affect the Executives participation in or materially reduce his benefits under any of such plans or deprive him of any material fringe benefit
enjoyed by him at the time of the Change in Control, or the failure by the Company to provide him with the number of paid vacation days to which he is then entitled 

9 

in accordance with the Companys normal vacation policy in effect on the date hereof; or 

(5) prior to a Change in Control of the Company, the failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of the agreement to
perform this Agreement by any successor as contemplated in Section 17. 

(d) Golden Parachute Limitation.

(i) In the event that the independent auditors most recently selected by the Board (the Auditors) determine
that any payment by the Company under this Section 9(d) to or for the benefit of the Executive would be nondeductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes because of the provisions concerning excess parachute payments in
Section 280G of the Code, then the total amount of all payments under this Section 9(d) shall be reduced (but not below zero) to the Reduced Amount. For purposes of this Section 9(d), the Reduced Amount shall be the amount
that maximizes the total amount of the payments without causing any payment to be nondeductible by the Company because of Section 280G of the Code. 

(ii) If the Auditors determine that any payment under this Section 9(d) would be nondeductible by the Company
because of Section 280G of the Code, then the Company shall promptly give the Executive notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof and of the Reduced Amount, and the Executive may then elect, in his sole discretion,
which and how much of the payments shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the payments equals the Reduced Amount) and shall advise the Company in writing of his election within ten days of
receipt of notice. If no such election is made by the Executive within such ten-day period, then the Company may elect which and how much of the payments under this Section 9(d) shall be eliminated or
reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the payments equals the Reduced Amount) and shall notify the Executive promptly of such election. All determinations made by the Auditors under this Section 9(d) shall be
binding upon the Company and the Executive and shall be made within 60 days of the date when a payment becomes payable. 

As a result of uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of an initial determination by the
Auditors hereunder, it is possible that payments will have been made by the Company that should not have been made (an Overpayment) or that additional payments that will not have been made by the Company could have been made (an
Underpayment), consistent in each case with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Auditors, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Company or the Executive
that the Auditors believe has a high probability of success, determine that an Overpayment has been made, such Overpayment shall be treated for all purposes as a loan to the Executive which he or she shall repay to the Company, together with
interest at the applicable federal rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code; provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by the Executive to the Company if and to the extent that such payment would not reduce the amount subject to
taxation under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Auditors 

10 

determine that an Underpayment has occurred, such Underpayment shall promptly be paid or transferred by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive, together with interest at the
applicable federal rate provided in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the
extent that any payments under Section 9 are subject to a six-month waiting period under Section 409A, any such payments that would be payable before the expiration of six months following the
Executives separation from service but for the operation of this sentence shall be made during the seventh month following the Executives separation from service. 

10. Covenants of Executive. The Executive acknowledges that: (i) the business of the Company and its affiliates, as
currently conducted and as conducted from time to time throughout the term of this Agreement (collectively, the Business), is conducted by and is proposed to be conducted by the Company on a world-wide basis (the Companys
Market); (ii) the Business involves providing design, engineering and manufacture of certain vacuum and heat transfer equipment, including but not limited to steam condensers, steam jet ejectors, shell and tube heat exchangers, plate and
frame heat exchangers, Heliflow heat exchangers, liquid ring vacuum pumps and rotary piston pumps, and further involves the design and production of turbomachinery for aerospace, cryogenic, defense, and commercial applications; (iii) the
Company has developed trade secrets and confidential information concerning the Business; and (iv) the agreements and covenants contained in this Section 10 are essential to protect the Business. In order to induce the Company to enter
into this Employment Agreement, the Executive covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Agreement Not To Compete. For a period of 12
months after the termination of Executives employment with the Company for any reason (such period of time hereinafter referred to as the Restricted Period), neither the Executive nor any entity of which 20 percent or more of
the beneficial ownership is held by the Executive or a person related to the Executive by blood or marriage (Controlled Entity) will, anywhere in the Companys Market, directly or indirectly own, manage, operate, control,
invest or acquire an interest in, or otherwise engage or participate in, whether as a proprietor, partner, stockholder, director, officer, member manager, employee or otherwise any business which competes in the Companys Market with the
Business, without the prior written consent of the Company. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the Executive may make a passive investment in any publicly-traded company or entity in an amount not to exceed five percent of the
voting stock of any such company or entity. 

(b) Agreement Not To Interfere in Business Relationships. 

(i) During the Restricted Period, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will directly or indirectly solicit,
induce or influence any customer, or any other person which has a business relationship with the Company or any affiliate, or which had on the date of this Agreement such a relationship with the Company or any affiliate, to discontinue or reduce the
extent of such relationship with the Company or any affiliate in the Companys Market. 

(ii) During the
Restricted Period, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will (1) directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or influence any stockholder or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to

11 

discontinue such employment or other relationship with the Company or any affiliate, or (2) employ or seek to employ, or cause any business which competes in the Companys Markets to
employ or seek to employ for any reason, any person who is then (or was at any time within six months prior to the date the Executive or such business employs or seeks to employ such person) employed by the Company or any affiliate without the prior
written consent of the Company. 

(c) Non-Disparagement. During and after the Term,
the Executive and any Controlled Entity shall not publicly disparage: the Company; the Companys predecessors, successors, subsidiaries, related entities, and all of their members, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, attorneys,
employees, or board members; or the Companys customers. Nothing in this Section 10(c) precludes the Executive from making truthful statements in connection with (i) a disclosure required by law, regulation, or order of a court or
governmental agency, (ii) the filing of a good faith report or participation in a proceeding related to an alleged violation of any applicable law, regulation, or order of a court or governmental agency, or (iii) any governmental,
quasi-governmental or administrative or judicial inquiry or court proceeding. During and after the Term, the Company shall not and it shall cause its directors and officers not to publicly disparage the Executive. 

(d) Confidentiality. During and after the Term, neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity will directly or indirectly
disclose to anyone, or use or otherwise exploit for the Executives or any Controlled Entitys own benefit or for the benefit of anyone other than the Company, any confidential information, including, without limitation, any confidential
know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, details of customer contracts, pricing policies, operational methods, marketing plans or strategies, product development techniques or plans, business acquisition plans and new personnel
acquisition plans of the Company or any affiliate related to the Business or any portion or phase of any scientific, engineering or technical information, design, process, procedure, formula, improvement, discovery, invention, machinery or device of
the Company or any affiliate, whether or not in written or tangible form (all of the preceding is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information). The term Confidential Information does not include, and there shall be no
obligation hereunder with respect to, information that becomes generally available to the public or the Companys competitors other than as a result of a disclosure by the Executive or a Controlled Entity or any agent or other representative
thereof. Neither the Executive nor any Controlled Entity shall have any obligation hereunder to keep confidential any Confidential Information to the extent disclosure is required by law, or determined in good faith by the Executive to be necessary
or appropriate to comply with any legal or regulatory order, regulation or requirement; provided, however, that in the event disclosure is required by law, the Executive or the Controlled Entity concerned shall provide the Company with prompt
advance written notice of such requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order. It is understood that in any new employment, the Executive may use Executives ordinary skill and
non-confidential knowledge, even though said skill and non-confidential knowledge may have been gained at the Company. The Executives obligations under this
Section 10(d) shall be in addition to, not in substitution for, any common law fiduciary duties the Executive has to the Company regarding information acquired during the course of Executives employment. 

(e) Intellectual Property. The Executive shall communicate to the Company full information concerning all inventions,
improvements, discoveries, formulas, processes, 

12 

systems of organization, management procedures, software or computer applications (hereinafter, collectively, Intellectual Property) made or conceived by him either solely or jointly
with others while in the employ of the Company, whether or not perfected during Executives period of employment and which shall be within the existing or contemplated scope of the Companys business during Executives employment. The
Executive will assist the Company and its nominees in every way at the Companys expense in obtaining patents for such Intellectual Property as may be patentable in any and all countries and the Executive will execute all papers the Company may
desire and assignments thereof to the Company or its nominees and said Intellectual Property shall be and remain the property of the Company and its nominees, if any, whether patented or not or assigned or not. 

(f) Survival of Covenants. In the event of a termination of this Agreement, the covenants and agreements contained in this
Section 10 shall survive, shall continue thereafter, and shall not expire unless and except as expressly set forth in this Section. 

(g) Remedies. The parties to this Agreement agree that (i) if either the Executive or any Controlled Entity breaches any
provision of this Section 10, the damage to the Company and its affiliates will be substantial, although difficult to ascertain, and money damages will not afford an adequate remedy, and (ii) if either the Executive or any Controlled
Entity is in breach of this Agreement, or threatens a breach of this Agreement, the Company shall be entitled in its own right and/or on behalf of one or more of its affiliates, in addition to all other rights and remedies as may be available at law
or in equity, to (1) injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or restrain a breach of this Agreement and (2) may require the breaching party to pay damages as the result of any transactions constituting a breach hereof. 

(h) Notice of Immunity. The Executive understands that under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (the Act), an
individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly
or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal. The Executive further understands that under the Act, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by a company for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the
trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

11. Indemnification of Executive. In the event the Executive is terminated for any reason, (a) the Company will hold
harmless and indemnify the Executive for all third party claims, actions or other proceedings against the Executive initiated either prior to the termination of employment or thereafter which relate to duties performed in good faith by the Executive
while employed by the Company; and (b) the Company will retain the Executive as named insured under any directors and officers insurance policies it may have, for acts of the Executive during the time Executive served as an officer
of the Company. Additionally, all reasonable legal and other costs incurred by the Executive to defend Executive will be paid by the Company, as the Executive is billed for such costs, within ten days of periodic submission to the Company of
statements of 

13 

charges of attorneys and statements of other expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with such defense. 

12. Effect of Waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach thereof. 

13. Notice. Any and all notices provided for herein shall be in
writing and shall be physically delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested to the parties at their respective addresses set forth hereinabove. Either party may from time to time designate a different address for
notices to be sent to such party by giving the other party due notice of such different address. 

14. Modification and
Assignment. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement and all of its terms and conditions shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns, including but not limited to any corporation or other entity with or into which the Company is merged or consolidated or any other successor of the Company. The
Executive agrees that Executive will not and may not assign, transfer or convey, pledge or encumber this Agreement or Executives right, title or interest therein, or Executives power to execute the same or any monies due or to become due
hereunder, this Agreement being intended to secure the personal services of the Executive, and the Company shall not recognize any such assignment, transfer, conveyance, pledge or encumbrance. 

15. Applicable Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any action or proceeding brought by either party against the other arising out of or related to the Agreement shall be brought only
in a state court of competent jurisdiction located in the County of Monroe, State of New York or the Federal District Court for the Western District of New York located in Monroe County, New York and the parties hereby consent to the personal
jurisdiction and venue of said courts. 

16. Prior Agreements. This Agreement shall supersede any prior employment agreement,
arrangement or understanding between the Company and the Executive, without limitation, and shall be effective from the date specified hereinabove. 

17. Business Combinations. In the event of any sale, merger or any form of business combination affecting the Company, including
without limitation the purchase of assets or any other form of business combination, the Company will obtain the express written assumption of this Agreement by the acquiring or surviving entity from such combination, and failure of the Company to
obtain such an assumption will constitute a breach of this Agreement, entitling the Executive to all payments and other benefits to be provided in the event of termination without cause provided in Section 8. 

18. Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code to the extent its
provisions are subject to that law. The parties agree that they will negotiate in good faith regarding amendments necessary to bring this Agreement into compliance with the terms of that Section or an exemption therefrom as interpreted by guidance
issued by the Internal 

14 

Revenue Service, taking into account any limitations on amendments imposed by Section 409A or Internal Revenue Service guidance. The parties further agree that to the extent the terms of
this Agreement fail to qualify for exemption from or satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, this Agreement may be operated in compliance with Section 409A pending amendment to the extent authorized by the Internal Revenue Service. In
such circumstances the Company and the Executive will administer the Agreement in a manner which adheres as closely as possible to the existing terms and intent of the Agreement while complying with Section 409A. 

19. Headings. The section headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be considered in the
interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

20. Invalidity or Unenforceability. If any term or provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision hereof and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as if such invalid or
unenforceable term or provision (to the extent of the invalidity or unenforceability) had not been contained herein. If any court determines that any provision of Section 10 hereof is unenforceable because of the duration or geographic scope of
such provision, such court shall have the power to reduce the scope or duration of such provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable. 

21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which for all purposes shall be deemed to
be an original. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

GRAHAM CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Daniel Thoren

Name: Daniel Thoren

Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: 

/s/ Matthew Malone

Name: Matthew Malone

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Matthew Malone]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d934432dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

News Release

Graham Corporation 20 Florence Avenue
Batavia, NY 14020 

IMMEDIATE RELEASE

GRAHAM CORPORATION ANNOUNCESTRANSITIONTOSTRENGTHENCORELEADERSHIPTEAMANDSUPPORTCONTINUEDGROWTH

As part of its established succession plan, President & CEO, Daniel J. Thoren to transition to Executive Chairman and Strategic
Advisor effective June 2025 

Matthew J. Malone, current Vice President and General Manager for Graham subsidiary Barber-Nichols,
appointed to President & COO effective February 2025; expected to assume CEO role of Graham Corporation in June 2025 

Executing according to succession plan previously approved by the Board of Directors; deepens bench strength of the Executive Leadership
Team, ensures a smooth leadership transition, positions the business for continued growth and success 

The Company reiterates its
sales and Adjusted EBITDA guidance as provided on November 8, 2024 

BATAVIA, NY, February 6, 2025 Graham
Corporation (NYSE: GHM) (GHM or the Company), a global leader in the design and manufacture of mission critical fluid, power, heat transfer and vacuum technologies for the defense, space, energy, and process industries,
today announced key leadership changes as part of its established succession plan. 

Daniel J. Thoren, President and Chief Executive Officer, will
transition to the role of Executive Chairman, effective June 10, 2025 and will remain active in the operations of the Company for the foreseeable future. As part of the transition, Mr. Thoren will serve as a strategic advisor, focusing on
guiding strategy and helping the Company grow through business development. With this change, Jonathan W. Painter, Chairman of the Board of Directors, will transition to Lead Independent Director. 

In alignment with this plan, the Board of Directors has approved the appointment of Matthew J. Malone as President and Chief Operating Officer, reporting to
Mr. Thoren, effective February 5, 2025. In this role, Mr. Malone will oversee, guide and lead each of the Companys business units. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Malone has served as Vice President and General Manager of
Barber-Nichols since 2021. Concurrently, Michael E. Dixon, Director of Sales and Marketing of Barber-Nichols, will be promoted to General Manager of Barber-Nichols reporting to Mr. Malone, effective February 5, 2025. 

The Company further announced its intention for Mr. Malone to assume the role of Chief Executive Officer on June 10, 2025, and the expectation of
his appointment to the Board of Directors. At that time, Mr. Dixon is expected to assume the role of Vice President of Graham Corporation and General Manager of Barber-Nichols. 

Graham Corporation Announces Leadership Transition 

February 6, 2025 

Page
2
of 3 

Jonathan W. Painter, Chairman of the Board of Directors said, I am pleased to announce these leadership
appointments in accordance with our planned succession strategy, which demonstrates the bench strength of our executive team and reflects Grahams commitment to developing exceptional talent. I would like to personally thank Dan for his
leadership and tremendous accomplishments while serving as CEO since August of 2021 and we look forward to continuing to work with him in this next chapter, while he steps back from the
day-to-day demands of public company leadership. 

Mr. Thoren
said, I am grateful to have led Graham as CEO and am proud of the great work we have completed during my tenure. Todays appointments further highlight the strong talent we have attracted and developed across the entire organization, and
I am pleased with the opportunity this transition has created within the Company. Matt Malone has demonstrated outstanding leadership capabilities throughout his time with Barber-Nichols and Graham, and his deep understanding of our business makes
him the ideal choice to lead the Company into its next chapter of growth. Similarly, Mike Dixons promotion to lead Barber-Nichols reflects his deep industry knowledge, product expertice and institutional knowledge of Barber-Nichols. I look
forward to working alongside Matt, Mike, and the rest of the executive team to ensure we achieve our long-term strategic objectives and have complete confidence that under this new leadership structure, our company will continue to thrive and create
value for our stakeholders. 

Matt Malone brings over 15 years of engineering and executive experience to his new role as President and Chief
Operating Officer. Mr. Malone joined Barber-Nichols in 2015 as a Project Engineer focused on rocket engine turbopump design and development. He was promoted to Navy Program Manager in 2018, overseeing key U.S. Navy programs and was appointed
Vice President of Operations at Barber-Nichols in 2020 and then General Manager in 2021. Earlier in his career, he held a variety of engineering and management positions at GE Transportation. Mr. Malone earned his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering
with honors in design optimization from Pennsylvania State University and his M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology. 

Mike
Dixon has been an integral part of Barber-Nichols for the past six years, most recently serving as Director of Sales and Marketing. During his tenure, he has played a pivotal role in expanding the Companys technical capabilities and securing
major contracts in the space and aerospace, and defense sectors. Prior to joining the Company, he held roles of increasing responsibility at Sundyne and began his career at ESS Metron. Mr. Dixon holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from
Northern Illinois University. 

Financial Update and Fiscal Third Quarter 2025 Earnings Call 

The Company today reiterated its sales and Adjusted EBITDA guidance as provided on November 8, 2024. The Company will provide additional details on its
fiscal third quarter 2025 results during its earnings conference call scheduled for February 7, 2025. 

Graham Corporation Announces Leadership Transition 

February 6, 2025 

Page
3
of 3 

About Graham Corporation 

Graham is a global leader in the design and manufacture of mission critical fluid, power, heat transfer and vacuum technologies for the defense, space, energy,
and process industries. Graham Corporation and its family of global brands are built upon world-renowned engineering expertise in vacuum and heat transfer, cryogenic pumps, and turbomachinery technologies, as well as its responsive and flexible
service and the unsurpassed quality customers have come to expect from the Companys products and systems. Graham Corporation routinely posts news and other important information on its website, grahamcorp.com, where additional information on
Graham Corporation and its businesses can be found. 

Safe Harbor Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are identified by
words such as expects, future, guidance, will, plan and other similar words. All statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments that Graham Corporation expects or
anticipates will occur in the future, including but not limited to, expected future management personnel changes and the timing of such changes, expected expansion and growth opportunities, anticipated adjusted EBITDA, and its growth strategy, are
forward-looking statements. Because they are forward-looking, they should be evaluated in light of important risk factors and uncertainties. These risk factors and uncertainties are more fully described in Graham Corporations most recent
Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), included under the heading entitled Risk Factors, and in other reports filed with the SEC. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of Graham Corporations underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those currently anticipated. In addition, undue reliance should not be placed on Graham Corporations forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, Graham Corporation disclaims any obligation to update
or publicly announce any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this news release. 

For more information: 

Christopher J. Thome 

Vice President - Finance and CFO 

Phone: (585) 343-2216

Tom Cook 

Investor Relations 

Phone: (203)-682-8250

Tom.Cook@Icrinc.com 

Source: Graham Corporation 

###
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ghm-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ghm-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ghm-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g934432g02y96.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name GRAHAM CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000716314

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-08462

Entity Tax Identification Number 16-1194720

Entity Address, Address Line One 20 Florence Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Batavia

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 14020

City Area Code (585)

Local Phone Number 343-2216

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share

Trading Symbol GHM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.graham-mfg.com//20250205/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d934432d8k.htm 
ghm-20250205.xsd 
ghm-20250205_lab.xml 
ghm-20250205_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-021340-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d934432d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000716314 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

GRAHAM CORP 
false 
0000716314 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
DE 
001-08462 
16-1194720 
20 Florence Avenue 
Batavia 
NY 
14020 
(585) 
343-2216 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share 
GHM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>