<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-000294.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-000294.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103172020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-000294
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celularity Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001752828
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				831702591
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38914
		FILM NUMBER:		25507898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 PARK AVE
		CITY:			FLORHAM PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07932
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 768-2170

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 PARK AVE
		CITY:			FLORHAM PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07932

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GX Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180912
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000175282800017528282024-12-272024-12-270001752828CELU:ClassCommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2024-12-272024-12-270001752828CELU:WarrantsEachExercisableForOnetenthOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 27, 2024

Celularity
Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38914 83-1702591

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

170
Park Ave

Florham
Park, New Jersey 07932

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (908)768-2170

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share CELU The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants,
each exercisable for one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share CELUW The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
December 27, 2024, Celularity Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with an institutional investor (the Purchaser) for the issuance and sale in a private placement (the Private
Placement) of (i) 1,263,157 shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 (the Common Stock)
and (ii) warrants (the Common Warrants) to purchase up to 1,263,157 shares of the Companys Common Stock, at a purchase
price of $2.375 per share of Common Stock and accompanying warrants.

The
Common Warrants are exercisable beginning six (6) months after date of issuance at an exercise price of $2.97 per share and have a term
of exercise equal to five years from the date of issuance. A holder of Common Warrants (together with its affiliates) may not exercise
any portion of a warrant to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder 9.99%) of the Companys
outstanding common stock immediately after exercise.

In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement),
dated as of December 27, 2024, with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to prepare and file a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) registering the resale of the shares of Common Stock and the shares
of Common Stock underlying the Common Warrants no later than 45 days after the date of the closing of the Private Placement, and to use
commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as promptly as practical thereafter, and in any
event no later than 120 days following the closing date.

The
closing of the Private Placement is expected to occur during the week of January 6, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions. The gross proceeds to the Company from
the Private Placement are expected to be $3.0 million, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.
The Company intends to use the net proceeds received from the Private Placement for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The
Purchase Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination
provisions. The foregoing descriptions of terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Common Warrants, and the Registration Rights
Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the form of the Purchase Agreement, the
form of the Common Warrant, and the form of Registration Rights Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1 and 10.2,
respectively.

-2-

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

4.1 Form of Common Warrant

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CELULARITY
INC.

Dated:
January 3, 2025 

By: 

/s/
Robert J. Hariri

Name: Robert
J. Hariri, M.D., Ph.D.

Title: Chairman
and CEO 

-4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Celularity
Inc.

Warrant
Shares: 1,263,157 Issue
Date: December 27, 2024

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, __________ or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
December 27, 2024 (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 27,
2029 (the Termination Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Celularity Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), up to 1,263,157 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock) (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common
Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section
1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated December 27, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto.

Section
2. Exercise.

a)
Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of (i) a duly executed
facsimile copy (or.pdf copy via e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice
of Exercise) and (ii) the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by
wire transfer drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the
applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type
of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall
not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available
hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation
within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this
Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering
the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased.
The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The
Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and
any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the
purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time
may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

-1-

b)
Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.97, subject to adjustment hereunder
(the Exercise Price).

c)
Cashless Exercise. If at any time during the term of this Warrant and on or after the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective
registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this
Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be
entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares determined according to the following formula (a Cashless Exercise):

Net
Number = (A x B) - (A x C)

B

For
purposes of the foregoing formula:

(A)
= the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised.

(B)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b)(77) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day; and

(C)
= the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise.

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked onto the holding period of the Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, without limiting the rights of the Holder
to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise hereunder or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and
Section 2(d)(iv) herein, there are no circumstances that would require the Company to make any cash payments or net cash settle
the purchase warrants to the holders.

-2-

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of Common Stock
so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected
in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the
fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company,
the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c).

d)
Mechanics of Exercise.

i.
Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Subject to the receipt of appropriate and customary representations and warranties from
the Holder, the Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting
the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal
at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder and Holder has
actually transferred such Warrant Shares pursuant thereto or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume
or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by book-entry, registered
in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier
of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period, in each case after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery
Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price, the Holder shall be deemed for
all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

-3-

ii.
Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.
Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.
Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

-4-

v.
No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.
Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed by the Holder
and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental
thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the
Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic
delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.
Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)
Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall be 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e). Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner
otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be
defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary
or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder
of this Warrant.

-5-

Section
3. Certain Adjustments.

a)
Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of
Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution
shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

-6-

d)
Fundamental Transaction. Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii)
the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the shares of Common
Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby
such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock
held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to,
such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon
any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation
or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration)
receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of shares of Common Stock are given any choice
as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as
to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall
cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder prior
to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security
of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable
for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common
Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

e)
Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

-7-

f)
Notice to Holder.

i.
Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.
Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the shares of Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the shares of Common
Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for
or purchase any capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in
connection with any reclassification of the shares of Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any
sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the shares of Common
Stock are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
5 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the shares of Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights
or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or stock exchange
is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the shares of Common Stock of record
shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or stock exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further
that no notice shall be required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission . To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding
the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a current report
on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the
effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section
4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)
Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to
the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an Assignment Form (attached hereto as Exhibit B) to the Company assigning this Warrant in full.
The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without
having a new Warrant issued.

-8-

b)
New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Issue Date of this Warrant
and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)
Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)
Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, this
Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information
requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of
this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)
Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section
5. Miscellaneous.

a)
No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section
3.

-9-

b)
Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate.

c)
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

d)
Authorized Shares.

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common
Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under
this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are
charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company
will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without
violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the shares of Common Stock may
be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by
this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance
herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the
Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before
taking any action that would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

-10-

e)
Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

f)
Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)
Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that
the Holders right to exercise this Warrant terminates on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to
comply with any provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company
shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto
or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)
Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)
Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company.

j)
Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)
Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)
Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder.

m)
Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)
Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature
Page Follows)

-11-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated.

CELULARITY
INC.

By: 

Name: Robert Hariri, M.D., Ph.D.

Title: Chairman & CEO

-12-

Exhibit
A

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE

TO: CELULARITY
INC.

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The
Warrant Shares (subject to the receipt of appropriate representations and warranties from Holder) shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

(4)
Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

_____________________

_____________________

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER]

Name
of Investing Entity: ___________________________________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _____________________________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________________________________

Date:
___________________________________________________________________________________________

-13-

Exhibit
B

ASSIGNMENT
FORM

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to exercise the Warrant to purchase
shares.)

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please
Print)

Address: 

(Please
Print)

Phone
Number: 

Email
Address: 

Dated:
_______________ __, ______ 

Holders
Signature:______________________ 

Holders
Address:______________________ 

-14-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of December 27, 2024, between Celularity Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature page hereto (including its successors
and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of Section
5 of the Securities Act contained in Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Regulation D thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to
each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more
fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day that is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; provided,
however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay
at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the
closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems
(including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Closing
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a).

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(aa).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Covered Person means the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, or, to its knowledge, any director, executive
officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Purchase
Price equals $2.25 per Share and $0.125 per whole Warrant, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement and prior
to Closing.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

2

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition) pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign).

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.6.

Registration
Rights Agreement means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated on or about the Closing Date, among the Company and the Purchasers,
in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Registration
Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering
the resale by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified
next to such Purchasers name on Schedule I hereto under the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on July 22, 2021, and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after
the date hereof.

3

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York
Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, and all exhibits and schedules thereto and
hereto.

Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address
of One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants
means the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants
shall be immediately exercisable and shall have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years from the date of initial exercisability, in
the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE
AND SALE

2.1
Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell to each Purchaser, and each
Purchaser agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company, at a closing (the Closing) to occur on
the date hereof or as promptly as practicable thereafter (the Closing Date), that number of Shares and Warrants
set forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Schedule of Purchasers attached as Schedule 1 under the heading Shares
for the purchase price to be paid by each Purchaser set forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Schedule of Purchasers (registered
in the name of such Purchaser or its nominee), together with corresponding Warrants exercisable for that number of Warrant Shares set
forth on Schedule I under the heading Warrant Shares.

2.2
Purchase Price; Deliveries. At the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer, immediately available
funds equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount as set forth opposite such Purchasers name on the Schedule of Purchasers
for the Shares and Warrants to be acquired at the Closing, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and
Warrants to be acquired at the Closing, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in this Section 2.2
deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in this Section 2.2 and Section 2.3, as the case
may be, the Closing shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures or such other location as the parties hereto shall
mutually agree

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii) the
Companys wire instructions;

(iii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Company; and

(iv) a
Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of
Common Stock equal to 100% of such Purchasers Shares being acquired at the Closing,
with an exercise price equal to $2.84 per share, subject to adjustment therein.

4

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date (unless otherwise set forth below), each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company
the following:

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;

(ii) the
Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

(iii) such
Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in writing
by the Company for the Shares and Warrants being acquired at the Closing.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing
Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as
of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior
to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the
accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified
by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing
Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of
a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior
to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects;

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; and

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof.

5

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, which SEC Reports shall be deemed a part
hereof and shall qualify any representation or warranty otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the SEC Reports,
the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys
current report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 30, 2024. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or
other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock
of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or
purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents
shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect); provided that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed,
in and of itself, to constitute a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, no Proceeding has been instituted in any
such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

6

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings
required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares and Warrant Shares
for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are
required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Registration. (i) the Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with
the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed
by the Company; (ii) the Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the applicable Warrants, will be validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company; and (iii) the Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the Warrants.

7

(g)
Capitalization. The Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange
Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock to employees, consultants and directors pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans, pursuant to the
conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act (which includes, for the avoidance of doubt, sales of Common Stock pursuant to that certain pre-paid purchase agreement
disclosed in the SEC Reports). Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities and as set forth in the SEC Reports, there
are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for
or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of
Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset
price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities
or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such
Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar
plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares
was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals,
no further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the
Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital
stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. Other than its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, its quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30,
2024 and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has filed all reports, schedules,
forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference
therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension
of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates,
the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and
none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the
notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end
audit adjustments.

8

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest financial statements included
within the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade
payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required
to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii)
the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash
or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock
and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company equity
compensation or stock option plans or employment or consulting agreements. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by
this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to
occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets
or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation
is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is
made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth in the SEC Reports, if any(i) adversely affects or challenges
the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the
Companys knowledge, any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of
or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge
of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary,
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third
party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

9

(l)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign
laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment,
or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice
letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws);
(ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i),
(ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

(o)
Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them
and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except
where the failure to be in compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(p)
Intellectual Property. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights
and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which
the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). Except
as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that
any of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any facts that would preclude
it from having valid license rights or clear title to the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has no knowledge that it lacks or
will be unable to obtain any rights or licenses to use all Intellectual Property Rights that are necessary to conduct its business.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for companies of the Companys size and in the businesses in which the
Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in an amount deemed
appropriate and reasonable by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able
to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may
be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company
or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to
any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to
or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director
or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial
interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment
of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other
employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

11

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in
compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any
and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of
the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable
assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The
Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the
Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation
Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying
officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since
the Evaluation Date and other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)
Registration Rights. Other than as described in the SEC Reports and as have been complied with as of the date hereof, no Person
has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company
or any Subsidiary.

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and
the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating
such registration. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, from July 16, 2021 to the date hereof, received notice
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance
with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock is currently
eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is
current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such
electronic transfer.

12

(x)
Application of Takeover Protections. Except as provided in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Board of Directors have taken
all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including
any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys articles of incorporation
(or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result
of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their respective obligations or exercising their respective rights under the Transaction
Documents, including without limitation, as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership
of the Securities.

(y)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchasers or their agents or counsel
with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which is not otherwise disclosed
in the SEC Reports. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the
twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section
3.2 hereof.

(z)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(aa)
Solvency. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the
ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others,
whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties
by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z)
the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither
the Company or any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

13

(bb)
Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all material United States federal, state and local
income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject,
(ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be
due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all
material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes
in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
know of no basis for any such claim.

(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

(dd)
Accountants. The Companys independent registered public accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall
express its opinion with respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys annual report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

(ee)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is
acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or
any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

14

(ff)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(e)), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the
Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or
derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii)
past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities; (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock, and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities (in material
compliance with applicable laws) at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation,
during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being determined, and (z) such hedging
activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time
that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute
a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(gg)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any
of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company.

(hh)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled,
tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product),
such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company in compliance
with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket
clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product
listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance would not
have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, action (including any
lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication
from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the
uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical
Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising
or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters
or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges
any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either individually or in the aggregate,
would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all
material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the
FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced
or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed
or proposed to be developed by the Company.

15

(ii)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plans was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(jj)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(kk)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(ll)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly,
five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity
of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(mm)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with
applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended,
applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened.

(oo)
Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Shares or Warrants by the Company to the Purchasers as
contemplated hereby.

(pp)
No General Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to each Purchaser as
an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

16

(qq)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act)
connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person) is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification
Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care
to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable,
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to each Purchaser a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(rr)
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, reasonably be expected to become
a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person, in each case of which it is aware.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
such representation or warranty shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except:
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and has no direct
or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities (this
representation and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or
otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted
securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities
hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Such Purchaser is acquiring such Securities as principal for his, her or its own account
and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any
applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or
any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in
compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

17

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each
date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2),
(a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(8), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed
necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the
Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition,
results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the
opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty against, or a prohibition
of, any actions with respect to the borrowing of, arrangement to borrow, identification of the availability of, and/or securing of, securities
of the Company in order for such Purchaser (or its broker or other financial representative) to effect Short Sales or similar transactions
in the future.

18

(g)
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(h)
No Disqualification Events. With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the
Securities Act, such Purchaser at the time of sale is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule
506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act, except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3).

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Removal of Legends.

(a)
The Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with
any transfer of any such Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, when available, to the Company
or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor
thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form
and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act.

(b)
The Purchasers agrees to the inclusion, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on the book-entry accounts (or, as applicable,
certificates) for each of the Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares in substantially the following form:

[NEITHER]
THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE] [HAS NOT] [HAVE] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY [AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL
INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
SUCH SECURITIES.

19

(c)
The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured any of the Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval
of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith.
Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver
such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of any of the Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge
or transfer of such Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision
of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.

(d)
Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)
hereof): (i) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to an effective registration statement covering the resale
of such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming
cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (iii) if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for resale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless
exercise of the Warrants), or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission), in each case, subject to receipt of customary and appropriate
representations and warranties from the Holder.

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Companys reliance upon this understanding.

4.2
Current Public Information. Until the earlier of the time that (i) the Purchasers no longer own any of the Securities or (ii)
the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company
is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of
the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior
to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

20

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a current report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other
in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Purchaser shall issue any such press
release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company (which consent shall not unreasonably be
withheld or delayed).

4.5
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes
and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (c) in violation of FCPA or
OFAC regulations.

4.6
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.6, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, stockholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct),
or (c) in connection with any Registration Statement of the Company providing for the resale by any Purchaser Party of the Shares and
the Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants,, the Company will indemnify each Purchaser Party, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses, as incurred, arising out of or relating to (i) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in such registration statement, any prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements
or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Purchaser Party furnished in writing to the Company by such Purchaser Party
expressly for use therein, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state
securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder in connection therewith. If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party
in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing,
and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to such Purchaser
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (x) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (y) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume
such defense and to employ counsel or (z) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material
issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for
the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under
this Agreement (1) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (2) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable
to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.6 shall be made by periodic payments
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or
others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

21

4.7
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and to issue the Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants.

4.8
Listing of Common Stock. For as long as any Warrants are outstanding and exercisable, the Company hereby agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and
concurrently with the Closing, the Company shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares and the Warrant Shares on such Trading Market
and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares and Warrant Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company
applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then include in such application all of the Shares and Warrant
Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares and Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted on such
other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and
trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting, filing and
other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. For so long as the Company maintains a listing or quotation of the
Common Stock on a Trading Market, the Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through
the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to
the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.9
Reservation of Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep available
at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Shares and Warrant Shares for the purpose of enabling the Company to
issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.10
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction.

4.11
Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the offering of the Securities as required
under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company
shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers
at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence
of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

22

4.12
Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required
of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required
of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required,
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to
exercise the Warrants. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms,
conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the occurrence of either of the following events (a) in the event that the Closing
is not consummated within five (5) days of the date of this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically terminate and (b) upon the
mutual consent of the Company and the Purchasers.

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party hereto shall pay the
fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident
to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees
(including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any
exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral
or written, with respect to such matters, which such parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c)
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

23

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares based on
the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder (or, prior to the Closing, the Company and each Purchaser) or, in the case of a waiver, by
the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately
and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement
hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser
relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent of such adversely affected
Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and
the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any
Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with
respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.6.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party hereto agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party hereto shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.6, the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

24

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties of the Purchasers and the Company contained in Section 3, and the agreements and
covenants set forth in Sections 4 and 5 shall survive the Closing for a period of one year in accordance with their respective terms;
provided however, the provisions of Section 4.6 shall survive the Closing until the expiration of any statute of limitations under applicable
law. Each Purchaser shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder..

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party hereto and delivered to the other
party hereto, it being understood that the parties hereto need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile
or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, provided that the parties hereto use their
commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate in good faith and find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially
the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction.

5.13
Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

5.14
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.15
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.16
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY HERETO AGAINST ANY OTHER
PARTY HERETO, THE PARTIES HERETO EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY,
UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[signature
page follows]

25

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Celularity
Inc. 

Address for Notice:

170 Park Ave

Florham Park, NJ 07932

By: E-mail: david.beers@celularity.com;

Name: David
Beers kyle.fletcher@celularity.com

Title: Chief
Financial Officer 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

26

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGE TO celu SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized signatory as of
the date first indicated above.

Name
of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _________________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:

Address
for Delivery of Warrants to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

Subscription
Amount: $_____________________

Shares:
_____________________

Warrant
Shares: _____________________

EIN
Number: ____________________

27

Schedule
I

Schedule
of Purchasers

Purchaser
Name Shares Warrant
Shares Subscription
Amount

TOTAL 

Exhibit
A

Form
of Warrant 

See
attached.

A-1

Exhibit
B

Form
of Registration Rights Agreement

See
Attached.

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of December 27, 2024, between Celularity
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each of the several purchasers signatory hereto (each such purchaser,
a Purchaser and, collectively, the Purchasers).

This
Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company and each Purchaser
(the Purchase Agreement).

The
Company and each Purchaser hereby agrees as follows:

1. Definitions.

Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, within 120 days after the Closing
and with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), the 30th
calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be filed hereunder (or, in the event
of a full review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date thereof); provided, however,
that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed
or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the seventh
Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided,
further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding
Trading Day.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Filing
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 45th calendar day following
the Closing Date and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required pursuant to Section 2(c) or Section
3(c), the earliest practical date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to file such additional Registration Statement related
to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

-1-

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the
offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to
the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all Shares, (b) all Warrant Shares then issued and issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (c) any
additional shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Warrants (in each case,
without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants) and (d) any securities issued or then issuable upon any
stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however,
that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the
effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as the earliest to occur of
(i) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the
Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement,
(ii) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, (iii) such securities become eligible for resale
without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion
letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders (assuming that such securities
and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued
or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel
to the Company, and (iv) two years from the date hereof.

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and any additional registration
statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such
registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration statement.

Rule
415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

-2-

SEC
Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff; provided, that any such oral guidance, comments, requirements or requests are reduced to writing
by the Commission and (ii) the Securities Act.

2. Mandatory Registration.

(a)
On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale
of all of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on
a continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415. The Initial Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-1 and shall contain (unless
otherwise directed by Holder) substantially the form of the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex A and
substantially in the form of the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B; provided, however, that
Holder shall not be required to be named as an underwriter without Holders express prior written consent. Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible
after the filing thereof, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under
the Securities Act until the earlier of the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been
sold, thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and
without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as determined
by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and
the Holder (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request effectiveness of a Registration
Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall promptly notify the Holder via facsimile or by e-mail
of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement on the same Trading Day that the Company telephonically confirms effectiveness with
the Commission, which shall be the date requested for effectiveness of such Registration Statement. The Company shall file a final Prospectus
with the Commission as required by Rule 424 within the time period required by Rule 424.

(b)
Notwithstanding the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission informs the Company that all of the Registrable
Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the Holders thereof and use its commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments
to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission, covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted
to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary
offering, subject to the provisions of Section 2(d); with respect to filing on Form S-1 or other appropriate form; provided, however,
that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission
for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC Guidance, including without limitation, Compliance
and Disclosure Interpretation 612.09.

-3-

(c)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of
Registrable Securities permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering (and notwithstanding
that the Company used reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all or a greater portion of Registrable
Securities), unless otherwise directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities, the number of Registrable Securities
to be registered on such Registration Statement will be reduced as follows:

a. First,
the Company shall reduce or eliminate any securities to be included other than Registrable Securities;

b. Second,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Warrant Shares (applied, in the case that some Warrant Shares may
be registered, to the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Warrant Shares held by such Holders);
and

c. Third,
the Company shall reduce Registrable Securities represented by Shares (applied, in the case that some Shares may be registered, to
the Holders on a pro rata basis based on the total number of unregistered Shares held by such Holders).

In
the event of a cutback hereunder, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading Days prior written notice along with the
calculations as to such Holders allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with
the foregoing, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission one or more registration statements
on Form S-1 or such other form available to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the
Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

(d)
If Form S-1 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the
resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate form and (ii) undertake to use commercially reasonable efforts to register
the Registrable Securities on Form S-1 when such form becomes available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-1 covering the Registrable Securities
has been declared effective by the Commission.

(e)
The Company undertakes to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 when such form becomes
available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect until such time as
a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

(f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Company be permitted to name any Holder or affiliate
of a Holder as an underwriter without the prior written consent of such Holder (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

3. Registration Procedures.

In
connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a)
furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents (other than those incorporated or deemed to
be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers
and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable
opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company
shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Required Holders
(as defined below) shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing no later
than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement or one (1) Trading Day after
the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish
to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire)
on a date that is not less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date. The Company shall not be required to include any Registrable
Securities in the Registration Statement for any Holder that has not provided such Selling Stockholder Questionnaire.

-4-

(b)
(i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus
used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to
register for resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, and (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto and, if requested, provide to the Holders true and complete copies of all correspondence from and
to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement.

(c)
If during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, an additional Registration
Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

(d)
Notify the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed,
(B) when the Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever
the Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment, when the same has become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority
for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission
or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering
any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of
any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities
for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event
or passage of time that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement
made in a Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue
in any material respect or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case
of a Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the
Company that the Company believes may be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of
the Company to allow continued availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus.

-5-

(e)
Use its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of
the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f)
If requested by a Holder, furnish to each Holder, without charge, at least one conformed copy of each such Registration Statement and
each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously
furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item
that is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished in physical form.

(g)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto
by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h)
Prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate
with the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the Registration or qualification) of
such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United
States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during
the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions
of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction
where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i)
If requested by a Holder, cooperate with such Holder to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of book entry statements, as applicable,
representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a transfer pursuant to the Registration Statement, which
transferred securities shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement and applicable securities laws, of all restrictive
legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may reasonably
request.

(j)
Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into
account the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to
the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document
so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. If the Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section
3(d) above to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made, then the Holders shall
suspend use of such Prospectus. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may
be resumed as promptly as is practicable. The Company shall be entitled to exercise its right under this Section 3(j) to suspend the
availability of a Registration Statement and Prospectus for a period not to exceed 60 calendar days (which need not be consecutive days)
in any 12-month period.

-6-

(k)
Otherwise use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any
supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in writing
if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof,
the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l)
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto) for the
registration of the resale of the Registrable Securities.

(m)
The Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control
over the shares.

4.
Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with, this Agreement by the Company
shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses
referred to in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with
the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for
trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities),
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability
insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its
internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual
audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required
hereunder. In no event shall the Company be responsible for any underwriting, broker or similar fees or commissions of any Holder or,
except to the extent provided for in the Transaction Documents, any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

-7-

5. Indemnification.

(a)
Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
each Holder, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities
as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other Persons with
a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
costs (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses),
as incurred, arising out of or based solely upon (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration
Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or any
rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but
only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in
writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder
expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the
Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Section
3(d)(iii)-(vi), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such
Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c). The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or
assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is
aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified
person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

(b)
Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section
20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon: any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto
or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading (i) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained
in any information so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such
Prospectus or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such information relates to such Holders information provided in
the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly
approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex
A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of a selling Holder
be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating
to this Section 5 and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or
omission) received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such
indemnification obligation.

-8-

(c)
Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity
hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is
sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable fees
and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall
not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that
it shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review)
that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party
has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such
Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to
any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to
the Indemnified Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent
such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing
that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to
assume the defense thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying
Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable and documented
fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent
with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying
Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses
applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination
is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d)
Contribution. If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold
an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has
been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or
payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any
reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party
would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party
in accordance with its terms.

-9-

The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5 and the
amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

The
indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a)
Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,
each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,
including recovery of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and
each Holder agrees that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it
of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect
of such breach, it shall not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b)
No Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements Neither the Company nor any of its security
holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements
other than the Registrable Securities. The Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities
are registered pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b) shall
not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement so long as no new
securities are registered on any such existing registration statements, nor preparing and filing with the Commission a registration statements
on Form S-8 relating to its equity incentive plans.

(c)
Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from
the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through (vi), such Holder will forthwith discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised in writing (the Advice)
by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is practicable.

-10-

(d)
Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the Company and the Required Holders, provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely
impacts a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required.
If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance
with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among
all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may
be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided,
however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions
of the first sentence of this Section 6(d). No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or
modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.
As used herein, Required Holders means Holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for
purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security).

(e)
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be delivered
as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

(f)
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
of each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. Each Holder may assign
their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

(g)
No Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities,
that would have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions
hereof.

(h)
Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall
be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to
the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered
by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile
or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

(i)
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

(j)
Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

-11-

(k)
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, provided that the parties hereto use their
commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate in good faith and find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially
the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction.

(l)
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be
deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m)
Independent Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint
with the obligations of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action
taken by any Holder pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges
that the Holders are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations
or transactions. Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose. The use of a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company,
not the action or decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company
and a Holder, solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature
Pages Follow)

-12-

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

Celularity
Inc.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

-13-

[SIGNATURE
PAGE OF HOLDERS TO CELU RRA]

Name
of Holder: __________________________

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Holder: __________________________

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title
of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE]

-14-

Annex
A

Plan
of Distribution

Each
Selling Stockholder (the Selling Stockholders) of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest
may, from time to time, sell any or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal Trading Market or any other stock exchange,
market or trading facility on which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices.
A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary
brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block
trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block
as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases
by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an
exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately
negotiated transactions;

settlement
of short sales;

in
transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated
price per security;

through
the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

a
combination of any such methods of sale; or

any
other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The
Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

Broker-dealers
engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions
or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser)
in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or
markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

In
connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan
or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option
or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the
delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).

The
Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters
within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers
or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts
under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities.

-15-

The
Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company
has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act.

We
agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders
without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar
effect, or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable
state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered
or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is
complied with.

Under
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M,
prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the
common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders
and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including
by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act).

-16-

Annex
B

SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS

The
common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those previously issued to the selling stockholders, and those issuable to
the selling stockholders, upon exercise of the warrants. For additional information regarding the issuances of those shares of common
stock and warrants, see Private Placement of Shares of Common Stock and Warrants above. We are registering the shares of
common stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of
the shares of common stock and the warrants, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past
three years.

The
table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by
each of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder,
based on its ownership of the shares of common stock and warrants, as of ________, 2024, assuming exercise of the warrants held by the
selling stockholder on that date, without regard to any limitations on exercise.

The
third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders.

In
accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale
of the (i) sum of the number of shares of common stock issued to the selling stockholders in the Private Placement of Shares of
Common Stock and Warrants described above and (ii) the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
related warrants, determined as if the outstanding warrants were exercised in full as of the trading day immediately preceding the date
this registration statement was initially filed with the SEC, each as of the trading day immediately preceding the applicable date of
determination and all subject to adjustment as provided in the registration right agreement, without regard to any limitations on the
exercise of the warrants. The fourth column assumes the sale of all of the shares offered by the selling stockholders pursuant to this
prospectus.

Under
the terms of the warrants, a selling stockholder may not exercise the warrants to the extent such exercise would cause such selling stockholder,
together with its affiliates and attribution parties, to beneficially own a number of shares of common stock which would exceed 9.99%,
of our then outstanding common stock following such exercise, excluding for purposes of such determination shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of such warrants which have not been exercised. The number of shares in the second and fourth columns do not reflect this
limitation. The selling stockholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name
of Selling Stockholder Number
of shares

of Common Stock 

Owned Prior to 

Offering Maximum
Number 

of shares of 

Common Stock to

be Sold Pursuant to 

this Prospectus Number
of shares 

of Common Stock 

Owned After 

Offering

-17-

Annex
C

Celularity
Inc.

Selling
Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The
undersigned owner of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock (such shares of common stock, the Registrable Securities)
of Celularity Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a registration statement (the Registration
Statement) for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) to which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company
upon request at the address set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto
in the Registration Rights Agreement.

Certain
legal consequences arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly,
holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The
undersigned beneficial owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable
Securities owned by it in the Registration Statement.

The
undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) 

Full
Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) 

Full
Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable
Securities are held:

(c) 

Full
Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly
alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

-18-

2.
Address for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone: 

Fax: 

Contact
Person: 

3.
Broker-Dealer Status:

(a) Are
you a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

(b) 

If
yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation
for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes
No 

Note: If
no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should be identified as an underwriter in the
Registration Statement.

(c) Are
you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

(d) 

If
you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable
Securities in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable
Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly,
with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes
No 

Note: 

If
no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you should
be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4.
Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except
as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than
the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

(a) Type
and Amount of other securities owned by the Selling Stockholder (including beneficially owned, as applicable):

-19-

5.
Relationships with the Company:

Except
as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with
the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.

State
any exceptions here:

The
undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may
occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall
not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By
signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and
the inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.
The undersigned understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment
of the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either
in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Date: Beneficial
Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE
FAX A COPY (OR EMAIL A .PDF COPY) OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

-20-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>celu-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>celu-20241227_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>celu-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Warrants, each exercisable for one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>celu-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 001-38914

Entity Registrant Name Celularity
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001752828

Entity Tax Identification Number 83-1702591

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 170
Park Ave

Entity Address, City or Town Florham
Park

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07932

City Area Code (908)

Local Phone Number 768-2170

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol CELU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants,
each exercisable for one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol CELUW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CELU_ClassCommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=CELU_WarrantsEachExercisableForOnetenthOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://celularity.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

celu-20241227.xsd 
celu-20241227_def.xml 
celu-20241227_lab.xml 
celu-20241227_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-000294-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001752828 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001752828 

CELU:ClassCommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

0001752828 

CELU:WarrantsEachExercisableForOnetenthOfOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001752828 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
Celularity Inc. 
DE 
001-38914 
83-1702591 
170 Park Ave 
Florham Park 
NJ 
07932 
(908) 
768-2170 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
CELU 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
CELUW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>