<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009442.txt : 20250306
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009442.hdr.sgml : 20250306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250306173207
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009442
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wellgistics Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002030763
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				933264234
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42530
		FILM NUMBER:		25716524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 BAYPORT DRIVE SUITE 950
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-843-302-1785

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 BAYPORT DRIVE SUITE 950
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Danam Health, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240717
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000203076300020307632025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42530 93-3264234

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)

3000
Bayport Drive

Suite
950

Tampa,
FL33607

(Address
of principal executive officers) (Zip Code)

(844)203-6092

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Not
applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e- 4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $.0001 per share WGRX 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Nasdaq
Capital Market)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The
information set forth in Item 5.02 below is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
February 28, 2025, the Board of Directors of Wellgistics Health, Inc. (the Company) promoted Brian Norton to serve as the
Companys Chief Executive Officer effective as of February 28, 2025 (the Effective Date). Mr. Norton (age 45), has
served the Chief Executive Officer of Wellgistics LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary and the wholesale distribution arm of the Companys
healthcare ecosystem, and the Companys Chief Commercial Officer and President of Distribution since November 2024. Mr. Norton
has a well-established track record in the healthcare sector and has overseen the growth of Wellgistics LLC into a fully FDA and NABP
accredited company in all 50 states.

Mr.
Norton will succeed Timothy Canning, who served as the Companys Chief Executive Officer since January 18, 2024, and who is resigning
from his position, effective as of the Effective Date. Mr. Cannings decision to resign is not the result of any dispute or disagreement
with the Company, the Companys management or the Board on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

In
connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, effective as of the Effective Date, the Company and Mr. Norton entered into
an employment agreement (the Norton Employment Agreement) that provides for an annual base salary of $490,000. Mr. Nortons
base salary may increase as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors (the Compensation
Committee) in its sole discretion, and will increase by 5% in the event Mr. Norton meets at least 90% of certain annual performance
metrics established by the Compensation Committee. Furthermore, Mr. Norton is eligible for a performance based bonus of up to 100% of
his base salary as determined by the Compensation Committee that is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance objectives
and a yearly discretionary cash stock or equity bonus in an amount determined by the Compensation Committee. The Norton Employment Agreement
provides an automobile allowance of $1,000 per month and a relocation allowance of $15,000. On the Effective Date, Mr. Norton will be
granted Restricted Stock Units (RSU) Awards of 9,000,000 shares of the Companys common stock that vest over three
years in equal amounts contingent upon the Company realizing certain gross revenue and gross profit targets. In the event that Mr. Norton
resigns for good reason or is terminated by the Company without cause, each as defined in the Norton Employment
Agreement, or a change of control takes place, all outstanding and unvested RSUs will immediately accelerate and vest in full. Under
the Norton Employment Agreement, Mr. Norton will be eligible for other employee benefits in accordance with the Companys policies
and plans. Mr. Nortons employment agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

As
disclosed in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-280945), declared effective by the SEC on February
14, 2025 (the Registration Statement), the Company has been party to certain transactions with Mr. Norton since the beginning
of the Companys last fiscal year where the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or on percent of the average of the
Companys total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. Specifically, the Company entered into that certain
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated May 11, 2023, as amended, by and among Wellgistics Health, Wellgistics LLC, Strategix Global
LLC, Nomad Capital LLC, Jouska Holdings LLC, and Brian Norton, governing the acquisition by the Company of Wellgistics LLC (the Wellgistics
MIPA). At the time of entering the Wellgistics MIPA, Mr. Norton was an employee of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer
of Wellgistics LLC.

In
August 2024, the Company and Wellgistics LLC, acting through Mr. Norton, consummated the transactions contemplated by the Wellgistics
MIPA to revise the purchase price to be paid by the Company to include the following:

a
closing cash payment of $10 million, $1 million of which is payable in immediately available funds to Zions Bank, a creditor of Wellgistics
LLC, by wire transfer, and the remainder of which is due no later than the earlier of 45 calendar days following effectiveness of
this registration statement and August 30, 2025;

a
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $15 million plus simple interest accruing annually equal to the Prime
Rate as published by the Wall Street Journal on January 1 of the applicable year, together payable in three equal annual
installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date that this registration statement becomes effective;

bonus
payments in the form of Wellgistics Health Common Stock equaling an aggregate value of $10 million that vest over three years and
are payable in three equal annual installments;

bonus
payments in the form of Wellgistics Health Common Stock in an aggregate amount of up to $5 million that vest only if certain financial
metrics are met, with unvested shares of Common Stock subject to repurchase by Wellgistics Health for a nominal purchase price if
such financial metrics are not met; and

contingent
bonus payments consisting of 50% cash and 50% Wellgistics Health Common Stock to the extent that Wellgistics Healths EBITDA
is in excess of 110% of certain established targets for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2025, and December
31, 2026.

In
November 2024, the Company and Wellgistics LLC further amended the Wellgistics MIPA to convert the $10 million and $5 million respective
bonus payments into an immediate share issuance of 3,999,335 shares of restricted common stock of the Company. 2,666,223 shares of Common
Stock vest in equal annual installments over a period of three years. These shares of common stock are not subject to repurchase by the
Company. 1,333,112 shares have been fully issued, but vest only upon the achievement of certain financial metrics. In the event the stated
metrics for the applicable year are not achieved, the Company can repurchase the applicable portion of the 1,333,112 unvested shares
for nominal consideration of $0.0001 per share.

On March 6, 2025,
the Company and Wellgistics LLC further amended the Wellgistics MIPA to extend the due date of the $10 million closing cash payment such
that the closing cash payment will be due upon the earlier of 120 calendar days following effectiveness of the Registration Date or August
30, 2025. The Wellgistics MIPA is filed as Exhibit 5.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the expansion of its healthcare ecosystem with Protega Pharmaceuticals Inc..
The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

On
March 4, 2025, the Company posted a revised investor presentation on its website at www.wellgisticshealth.com. The revised investor presentation
is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
revised investor presentation and corporate press release shall not be deemed filed for any purpose, including for the
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of such Section 18. The information in this Item 7.01, as well as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed incorporated
by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

The
revised investor presentation and press release contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. With the exception of historical matters, the matters discussed in the press releases include forward-looking statements
within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding the Companys
projects, potential financial performance, and growth opportunities. The words believes, expects, intends,
plans, anticipates, hopes, likely, will, and similar expressions
are intended to identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Companys expectations
and involve risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results performance or achievements of the Company
(or entities in which the Company has interests), or industry results, to differ materially from future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Certain factors that could cause the Companys actual future results to
differ materially from those discussed are noted in connection with such statements, but other unanticipated factors could arise. Certain
risks regarding the Companys forward-looking statements are discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), including an extensive discussion of these risks in the Registration Statement. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect managements view only as of the date of this Form
8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, conditions or circumstances.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

5.1* Executive Employment Agreement dated March 3, 2025, by and between Wellgistics Health, Inc. and Brian Norton

5.2* Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated May 11, 2023, by and among Wellgistics Health, Inc. (f/k/a Danam Health, Inc.), Wellgistics, LLC, Strategix Global LLC, Nomad Capital LLC, Jouska Holdings LLC, and Brian Norton, as amended

99.1 Press Release by Wellgistics Health, Inc., dated March 4, 2025

99.2 Revised Investor Presentation

* Certain
schedules, exhibits, and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes
to furnish copies of such omitted materials supplementally upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Wellgistics
Health, Inc.

Dated:
March 6, 2025 By: /s/
Brian Norton

Brian
Norton

Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.2

Execution Copy

MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

by
and among

Danam
Health, Inc., 

Wellgistics,
LLC

Strategix
Global LLC,

Nomad
CapitalLLC, 

Jouska
HoldingsLLC, 

The
Seller Owners 

and

Brian
Norton,as Seller Representative

May
11, 2023

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE INTERESTS 1

1.1 Purchase
of Interests 1

1.2 Closing
Cash Payment 2

1.3 Closing
Payment Adjustment. 2

1.4 Reserved
4

1.5 Adjustment
Amount Payments 4

1.6 Tax
Withholding. 4

1.7 Tax
Consequences 5

ARTICLE II CLOSING 6

2.1 Closing 6

2.2 Payments
at the Closing. 6

2.3 Deliveries
by Sellers 7

2.4 Deliveries
by Buyer 8

2.5 Earn-Out 8

2.6 Additional
Bonus 11

2.7 No
Obligation. 11

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF SELLERS 12

3.1 Existence
and Qualification. 12

3.2 Authority,
Approval and Enforceability. 13

3.3 Capitalization
and Company Records. 13

3.4 No
Seller Defaults or Consents. 14

3.5 No
Company or Other Defaults or Consents. 14

3.6 No
Proceedings 15

3.7 Employee
Benefit Matters 15

3.8 Financial
Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities; Accounts Receivable; Accounts Payable. 18

3.9 Absence
of Certain Changes. 20

3.10
Compliance
with Laws. 22

3.11 Litigation 24

3.12
Real
Property. 24

3.13
Material
Contracts 25

3.14 Insurance. 27

3.15 Intellectual
Property 28

3.16
Equipment
and Other Tangible Property. 32

3.17
Permits;
Environmental Matters 33

3.18
Customers
and Suppliers. 33

3.19
Absence
of Certain Business Practices 34

i

3.20 Operations of the Business 34

3.21 Labor 34

3.22 Transactions With Affiliates
36

3.23 Brokers or Finders
Fees 36

3.24 Title to Assets; Sufficiency. 36

3.25 Solvency. 36

3.26 Data Privacy and Security;
HIPAA and Privacy Compliance. 37

3.27 Account Maintenance. 38

3.28 No OFAC Investigations 38

3.29 Product Liability 39

3.30 Banking Facilities 39

3.31 Other Business Activities 39

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF BUYER 39

4.1 Existence and Qualification. 39

4.2 Authority, Approval
and Enforceability. 39

4.3 No Default or Consents 40

4.4 No Proceedings 40

ARTICLE V COVENANTS 40

5.1 Acquisition Proposals 40

5.2 Public Disclosure 41

5.3 Further Assurances 41

5.4 Operation of the Business 41

5.5 Financing Assistance 43

ARTICLE VI POST-CLOSING OBLIGATIONS 44

6.1 Further Assurances 44

6.2 Publicity 44

6.3 Restrictive Covenants. 44

6.4 Release 47

6.5 Access to Information
47

6.6 Litigation Assistance
47

ARTICLE VII TAX MATTERS 48

7.1 Representations and
Obligations Regarding Taxes 48

7.2 Indemnification for
Taxes 50

7.3 Additional Agreements 51

ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION MATTERS 52

8.1 Post-Closing Indemnity. 52

8.2 Survival of Representations
and Warranties. 53

ii

8.3 Limitation on Liability. 54

8.4 Sources of Payment; Treatment of Payment 56

8.5 Claim Procedures 56

8.6 Other Indemnification Matters. 58

ARTICLE IX CLOSING CONDITIONS 59

9.1 Conditions to Obligations of All Parties. 59

9.2 Conditions to Obligations of Buyer 59

9.3 Conditions to Obligations of Sellers 60

ARTICLE X TERMINATION 60

10.1 Termination 60

10.2 Effect of Termination. 61

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 61

11.1 Costs and Expenses 61

11.2 Notices 62

11.3 Venue; Governing Law; Jury Trial Waiver 63

11.4 Severability 64

11.5 Survival 64

11.6 Entire Agreement; Amendments and Waivers 64

11.7 Binding Effect and Assignment. 64

11.8 Remedies 64

11.9 Exhibits and Schedules 64

11.10 Multiple Counterparts 65

11.11 References and Construction 65

11.12 Attorneys Fees 65

11.13 Time of Essence 65

11.14 Appointment of Seller Representative. 65

ANNEXES
& EXHIBITS:

Annex I Certain Definitions

Annex II Sellers, Shareholders and Pro Rata Percentage

Exhibit A Form of Membership Interest Assignment

Exhibit B Form of Promissory Note

iii

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of May 11, 2023, is made by and among (i)
Danam Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Buyer);
(ii) Wellgistics, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company)
(iii) Strategix Global LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Strategix),
Nomad Capital LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Nomad),
Jouska Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska;
together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively, Sellers and, each, a Seller);
(iv) the Persons identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and,
each, a Seller Owner; Seller Owners, together with Sellers, the Seller Parties
and, each, a Seller Party); and (v) Brian Norton, a
resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity as Seller Representative (Seller Representative; together
with Buyer, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively, the Parties and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A.
The Company engages in the business of wholesale pharmaceutical distribution and third-party logistics in the healthcare industry throughout
the United States (the Business).

B.
Strategix is the holder and beneficial owner of sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding Membership Interests of the Company (the Strategix
Interests); Nomad is the holder and beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) of the outstanding Membership Interests of
the Company (the Nomad Interests); Jouska is the holder and beneficial owner of twenty percent (20%) of the
outstanding Membership Interests of the Company (the Jouska Interests).

C.
Each Seller wishes to sell, and Buyer wishes to Purchase each of the Jouska Interests, the Strategix Interests and the Nomad Interests
(collectively, the Purchased Interests) in exchange for the consideration and on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

D.
Seller Owners will derive substantial benefit from the Transactions.

E.
Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined in context shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
in Annex I.

AGREEMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, intending to be legally bound hereby,
the Parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

PURCHASE
AND SALE OF THE INTERESTS

1.1
Purchase of Interests. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing referred
to in Section 2.1, Sellers shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase, acquire and accept
delivery of, the Purchased Interests, free and clear of any and all Liens.

1

1.2
Purchase Price. The consideration for the Purchased Interests acquired by Buyer shall be (i) an amount in cash equal to
Seven Million and No/100 Dollars ($7,000,000.00) (such amount, is paid in accordance with Section 2.2 (the Closing
Cash Payment), plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) in the
form of the Promissory Notes, carrying an interest rate equal to the prime rate existing on the 1st of January of each year
during the term of such Promissory Notes, plus (iii) the Closing Shares; plus (iv) the Earn-Out Payment (if any), to the
extent earned and payable to Sellers in accordance with Section 2.5, plus, (v) the Bonus Payment (if any), to the extent
earned and payable to Sellers in accordance with Section 2.6 (collectively, the Purchase Price). The
Closing Cash Payment is subject to further adjustment as provided in Section 1.3 and Section 1.5.

1.3
Closing Payment Adjustment.

(a)
At least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver to the Buyer a statement (the Closing Estimates),
including reasonable supporting documentation, setting forth its good faith estimate of: (i) the Closing Net Working Capital; (ii) the
Closing Date Cash; (iii) the Closing Date Debt; and (iv) the Closing Date Company Expenses, all determined in accordance with the Accounting
Principles. The Buyer shall be entitled to review, comment on, and request reasonable changes to the Closing Estimates and Sellers shall
consider the Buyers proposed changes in good faith. If the parties are unable to reach agreement on any of the Buyers proposed
changes, the Closing Estimates as proposed by Sellers shall control solely for the purposes of calculating the Closing Payment, and shall
not limit or otherwise affect the Buyers remedies under this Agreement or otherwise or constitute an acknowledgment by the Buyer
of the accuracy of the Closing Estimates or the accounting methods or policies utilized in the calculation thereof.

(b)
Within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to the Seller Representative a statement of Buyers
calculations of: (i) the Closing Net Working Capital; (ii) the Closing Date Cash; (iii) the Closing Date Debt; and (iv) the Closing Date
Company Expenses (the Adjustment Calculations), all determined in accordance with the Accounting Principles.
Each Seller and the Buyer agree that the calculation of Closing Net Working Capital shall be prepared in a format consistent with the
sample calculations, which have been included for illustrative purposes only, set forth on Schedule 1.3.

(c)
Within thirty (30) days of the Buyers delivery of the Adjustment Calculations, the Seller Representative may deliver a written
notice to the Buyer of any disagreement with each item contained within the Adjustment Calculations, if any (an Objection
Statement). For each disputed item, the Seller Representative shall include: (i) the basis for any disagreement, (ii)
the nature and amount of such disagreement, and (iii) reasonable supporting documentation, information and calculations thereof for any
disagreement. The Seller Representative shall be deemed to have agreed with all other items and amounts contained in the Adjustment Calculations
that are not disputed in the Objection Statement. If the Seller Representative fails to properly deliver an Objection Statement, Sellers
will be deemed conclusively to have agreed to the Adjustment Calculations, which shall be final and binding upon Sellers.

2

(d)
If the Seller Representative delivers an Objection Statement, Buyer and the Seller Representative (on behalf of Sellers) shall, during
the fifteen (15) days following the Seller Representatives delivery of the Objection Statement, use their commercially reasonable,
good faith efforts to reach agreement on the disputed items and amounts in order to determine, as may be required, the Adjustment Calculations,
which shall not be more favorable to Buyer than the amount thereof shown in Buyers calculation delivered pursuant to Section
1.3(b) nor more favorable to Sellers than the amount thereof shown in the Objection Statement. If, during such period, the Seller
Representative and the Buyer are unable to reach such agreement, they shall promptly thereafter cause BDO US LLP (or, if BDO US LLP declines
to serve, such other independent accounting firm of national standing mutually agreed to by the parties) (the Accounting
Referee) to review this Agreement and the disputed items and amounts for the purpose of calculating the Adjustment Calculations.
There shall be no ex parte communications between any party and the Accounting Referee. In making such calculation, the Accounting Referee
shall consider only those still unresolved items and amounts in Buyers calculation of Adjustment Calculations as to which the
Sellers duly objected in accordance with Section 1.3(c) and the Accounting Referee shall not consider any settlement offers exchanged
between the parties. The Accounting Referees calculation shall not be more favorable to the Buyer than the amount thereof shown
in the Buyers calculation delivered pursuant to Section 1.3(b) nor more favorable to the Sellers than the amount thereof
shown in the Objection Statement. The Accounting Referee shall agree that between the time the Sellers delivered the Objection Statement
to the Buyer and the date thereof, the Buyer and the Sellers may have exchanged certain proposals relating to the disputed items that
were intended solely for purposes of facilitating settlement discussions and such proposals were confidential and were provided solely
on the condition and understanding that such proposals would not be permitted to be disclosed in any court or arbitration hearing, including
with respect to the Accounting Referees engagement in the dispute. The Accounting Referee will be instructed to disregard any
evidence of such settlement proposals and negotiations in its consideration of the disputed matters. The Accounting Referee shall deliver
to the Seller Representative and the Buyer, as promptly as practicable (but in any case, no later than thirty (30) days from the date
of engagement of the Accounting Referee or such longer period as the Accounting Referee may reasonably require), a report setting forth
calculations of the disputed amounts, and its reasonable basis for each of its determinations. Absent manifest error, such report shall
be final and binding upon the Sellers and the Buyer. The cost of such review and report shall be borne by the party whose determination
of the Adjustment Calculations (as set forth in the statement submitted by the Buyer or in the Objection Statement), yielded the final
Closing Payment farthest from that based upon the Adjustment Calculations determined by the Accounting Referee, or equally if the final
Closing Payment based upon the determination of the Accounting Referee is equidistant between the determinations of the parties.

(e)
Each party hereto shall, and shall cause their respective representatives to, use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate and assist,
to the extent reasonably requested by another party hereto, in the preparation of the Adjustment Calculations and in the conduct of the
review referred to in this Section 1.3, including the making available to the extent reasonably necessary of books, records, work
papers and appropriate personnel. If Buyer claims that Sellers have, or Sellers claims that Buyer has, as applicable, failed to comply
with its obligation under this Section 1.3(e), it may refer such alleged non-compliance to the Accounting Referee. The Accounting
Referee shall have the authority to determine if the respective party has complied with its obligations under this Section 1.3(e)
and to order any non-compliant party to comply with its obligations under this Section 1.3(e). Each party shall comply with
any such determination by such Accounting Referee.

3

(f)
The Final Closing Amounts shall be the Adjustment Calculations, as applicable: (1) as shown in Buyers
calculation thereof, if the Seller Representative does not duly deliver an Objection Statement in accordance with Section 1.3(c);
or (2) if the Seller Representative duly delivers an Objection Statement in accordance with Section 1.3(a): either (A) as agreed
by the Sellers and Buyer pursuant to Section 1.3(d); or (B) as shown in the Accounting Referees calculation delivered pursuant
to Section 1.3(d); provided, however, that in no event shall Final Closing Amounts be more favorable to Buyer than Buyers
calculation of the Adjustment Calculations or more favorable to the Sellers than the Sellers calculation in the Objection Statement.
After the Final Closing Amounts have been determined, the Closing Payment shall be adjusted, if necessary, so that Buyer, on the one
hand, and the Sellers, on the other hand, receive or make payments to each other so that, after taking into account the prior adjustments
to the Closing Payment in this Section 1.3, Buyer will have paid and the Sellers will have received the appropriate Closing Payment.
In furtherance of the foregoing, the following provisions shall apply.

(i)
If, upon determination of Final Net Working Capital, Buyer is required to pay an additional amount to the Sellers (such additional amount
being the PP Underpayment): (i) the PP Holdback Amount shall be paid to the Sellers; and (ii) Buyer shall
pay to the Sellers the PP Underpayment.

(ii)
If, upon determination of Final Closing Amounts, the Sellers are required to pay an additional amount to Buyer (such additional amount
being the PP Overpayment), then the amount of the PP Overpayment shall be retained by Buyer from the PP Holdback
Amount and the remainder of the PP Holdback Amount, if any, shall be paid to Sellers. To the extent the PP Overpayment exceeds the PP
Holdback Amount, the entire PP Holdback Amount shall be retained by Buyer and Sellers shall be jointly and severally responsible, and
shall pay, to Buyer the amount of such excess.

(g)
Any payment due to either the Sellers or the Buyer pursuant to Section 1.3(f) shall be made within ten (10) Business Days after
the Final Closing Amounts have been determined, and shall be made by wire transfer by Buyer or the Sellers, as the case may be, of immediately
available funds to the account of the receiving party as may be designated in writing by such party.

1.4
Reserved.

1.5
Adjustment Amount Payments. Any payment required by Section 1.3 shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available
funds and shall be treated as a post-Closing increase or decrease, as applicable, to the Closing Cash Payment.

1.6 Tax
Withholding. Prior to the Closing Date, Buyer and Seller Representative shall jointly estimate the amount, if any, of the
payments at Closing that Buyer must deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this
Agreement (the Withholding Amount) pursuant to the Code, Treasury Regulations or other applicable Legal
Requirements. The Withholding Amount, when paid to the appropriate Governmental Authorities, shall be treated for all purposes of
this Agreement as having been paid to such Person as if the Company or Buyer, as the case may be, made such deduction and
withholding.

4

1.7
Tax Consequences.

(a)
The Parties intend that, for United Stated federal income, and applicable state and local Tax purposes the sale and purchase of the Purchased
Interests shall be treated (consistent with Revenue Ruling 99-6) as (i) the sale by each Seller of a partnership interest, subject to
Sections 741 and 751 of the Code, and (ii) the purchase by Buyer of the assets of the Company from the Sellers pursuant to Section 1001
of the Code (the Intended Tax Treatment). 1The parties agree not to take any Tax position (whether
in a Tax Return or otherwise) contrary to the Intended Tax Treatment. No election will be made by any Seller or the Company, as applicable
(on IRS Form 8832 or otherwise) to classify the Company as an association taxable as a corporation.

(b)
Within ninety (90) days of the Closing Date, Buyer shall provide Seller Representative with an allocation of the Purchase Price
(plus any other amounts properly includible in the purchase price in accordance with the Intended Tax Treatment) to the assets of
the Company for all purposes (including Tax and financial accounting), calculated in accordance with Schedule 1.7 (the
Purchase Price Allocation). Buyer shall permit Seller Representative to review and comment on the
Purchase Price Allocation and shall make such revisions requested by Seller Representative as are reasonably acceptable to Buyer and
consistent with Schedule 1.7.2 In the event Seller Representative objects to the Purchase Price Allocation and
provides Buyer with written notice of such objection and a reasonably detailed written explanation of the reasons for such objection
within twenty (20) days of Seller Representatives receipt of Purchase Price Allocation, the parties shall negotiate in good
faith to resolve such disagreement. If no resolution is reached within twenty (20) days of Buyers receipt of the
above-referenced written objection, the unresolved dispute shall be referred to the Special Accountants to be resolved in general
accordance with the provisions of Section 1.4(b). Buyer, the Company, and Sellers shall file all Tax Returns (including
amended returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner consistent with the Purchase Price Allocation (as finally
determined in accordance with this Section 1.7).

1 Please note that, while
the Closing Shares are equity of the Buyer, the receipt of the shares will be taxable unless Section 351 applies. Section 351 requires
that holders of at least 80% of the stock of Buyer (determined immediately after this transaction) make capital contributions to Buyer
in connection with this transaction (and the contributions must be more than nominal).

1
We included all of the Purchase Price because the allocation should be made for all consideration. Otherwise, it is not clear how
the consideration received on contribution and post closing applies to the assets. Also, on an asset sale or deemed asset sale, the assumption
of any liabilities (including any included in net working capital) has to be included in the purchase price for income tax. So we added
the parenthetical to take this into account

2
We included all of the Purchase Price because the allocation should be made for all consideration. Otherwise, it is not clear how
the consideration received on contribution and post closing applies to the assets. Also, on an asset sale or deemed asset sale, the assumption
of any liabilities (including any included in net working capital) has to be included in the purchase price for income tax. So we added
the parenthetical to take this into account.

5

ARTICLE
II

CLOSING

2.1 Closing.
The closing of the Transactions (Closing) shall be held at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time on a date and at a
time to be mutually specified by Buyer and Seller Representative, which shall be the second Business Day after the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in Article IX. The Closing shall occur pursuant to an exchange of signed signature pages,
documents and other items required hereunder by means of electronic transmission. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred
to herein as the Closing Date. The Closing shall be effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on the
Closing Date (the Effective Time).

2.2 Payments
at the Closing. At the Closing, Buyer shall make (or cause one or more of its Affiliates to make) the following payments, in
each case by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account(s) designated to Buyer in writing by Seller Representative
on behalf each Seller and each other payee prior to the Closing Date:

(a)
to the holders of Closing Date Debt set forth in the Closing Estimates (which amount shall also contain the wire instructions for each
such Person), the payoff amounts, as specified in each Payoff Letter, except for any Closing Date Debt that the Purchaser agrees may
remain outstanding; provided that such amount of any Closing Date Debt so continued shall be deducted in determining the Closing Payment;

(b)
to the holders of Closing Date Company Expenses set forth in the Closing Estimates (which such schedule shall also contain wire instructions
for each such Person);

(c)
an amount to each Seller of such Sellers pro rata portion (the aggregate amount of all such payments, the Closing
Payment), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account or accounts designed by
the Seller Representative on the Closing Date of:

(i)
the Closing Cash Payment; minus;

(ii)
the PP Holdback; plus 

(iii)
the Closing Date Cash; minus 

(iv)
the Closing Date Debt; minus 

(v)
the Closing Date Company Expenses; plus 

(vi)
the amount, if any, by which the Closing Net Working Capital exceeds the Target Net Working Capital; minus;

(vii)
the amount, if any, by which the Closing Net Working Capital is less than the Target Net Working Capital.

6

(d)
Upon delivery of the payments by Buyer in accordance with this Section 2.2, Buyers obligations to pay the Closing Payment
shall be deemed satisfied and discharged to the extent of such payment.

2.3 Deliveries
by Sellers. At or prior to the Closing, Sellers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer:

(a)
a Membership Interest Assignment, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, duly executed by each Seller (collectively, the Membership
Interest Assignments), for the transfer of the Purchased Interests on the books of the Company;

(b)
constructive possession of all originals and copies of agreements, instruments, documents, deeds, books, records, files and other data
and information within the possession of the Seller Parties or any of their Affiliates pertaining to the Company (collectively, the Records),
provided that the Seller Parties may retain (i) copies of any Tax Returns and copies of Records relating thereto, (ii) copies
of any Records that the Seller Parties are reasonably likely to need for complying with Legal Requirements, and (iii) copies of any Records
that in the reasonable opinion of the Seller Parties will be required in connection with the performance of Seller Parties obligations
under Article VI;

(c)
customary payoff letters from all holders of Closing Date Debt (which letters shall contain payoff amounts, per diems, wire transfer
instructions and an agreement to deliver, upon full payment, UCC-3 termination statements, and other appropriate releases) (Payoff
Letters) and evidence of release of all Liens;

(d)
for the Company and each Seller, a certificate of the appropriate public official, dated not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to
the Closing Date, to the effect that such Person is a validly existing limited liability company or corporation (as applicable) in good
standing in the applicable State of formation and each other State where such Person is qualified to do business;

(e)
for the Company and each Seller, a certificate from the Secretary of such Person attaching true, correct, and complete copies of (i)
its certificate of formation (or comparable document) or certificate of incorporation (as applicable) as of the Closing Date, certified
by the Secretary of State of the State of formation of such Person, (ii) its limited liability company agreement or bylaws (as applicable)
of such Person as of the Closing Date, and (iii) resolutions authorizing the Transactions adopted by such Persons (A) board of
directors or manager(s) (as applicable), and (B) member(s) or shareholder(s) (as applicable), in each case as were amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified, renewed, or replaced prior to the Closing Date;

(f)
certifications from each Seller in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that no withholding is required under Sections
1445 or 1446 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder or a properly executed Form W-9;

7

(g)
the third party consents set forth on Schedule 3.4;

(h)
the Seller Representative Closing Certificate;

(i)
evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and its counsel that the Sellers purchased an extended reporting period endorsement under the
Companys existing directors and officers liability insurance coverage to provide directors, managers and officers
of the Company prior to the Closing with coverage for a period of up to six (6) years after the Closing Date (the D&O
Tail); and

(j)
such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably required by Sellers to consummate the Transactions.

2.4
Deliveries by Buyer. At or prior to the Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers:

(a)
the payments required by Section 2.2(c);

(b)
the Closing Shares pro rata to each Seller;

(c)
payment of the Closing Date Company Expenses to the persons to which such amounts are due in accordance with the Closing Estimates;

(d)
payment of the Closing Date Debt pursuant to the Payoff Letters (other than any Closing Date Debt that the Purchaser agrees will remain
outstanding);

(e)
a certificate of the appropriate public official, dated not more than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, to the effect
that Buyer is a validly existing corporation in good standing in the State of Delaware;

(f)
the Promissory Notes to each Seller, each duly executed by Buyer;; provided, that the Promissory Notes shall carry an interest rate equal
to the prime rate existing on the 1st of January of each year during the life of the note, and

(g)
the Buyer Closing Certificate; and

(h)
such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably required by Sellers to consummate the Transactions.

8

2.5
Earn-Out.

(a)
As additional consideration for the Purchased Interests, Sellers may be entitled to receive earn-out payments (the Earn-Out
Payments) in the form of issued and outstanding equity interests in Buyer or its successor (Buyer Shares),
up to an aggregate value of $15,000,000 (as used in this Agreement, the number of Buyer Shares issued to Seller is based upon the market
price of said shares at time of issuance), in accordance with the following:

(i)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Earn-Out Period) (1) if Gross Revenues of the Company
are greater than or equal to $47,200,000.00 (the 2023 Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled
to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater
than or equal to $4,200,000.00 (the 2023 EBITDA Target, and together with the 2023 Gross Revenue Target,
the 2023 Targets) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00
of Buyer Shares. Seller will be deemed to have met the 2023 Gross Revenue Target or the 2023 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at
least ninety percent (90%) of the individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in 2023 is capped at $5,000,000.00
if both 2023 Targets are achieved.

(ii)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Earn-Out Period) (1) if Gross Revenues of the Company
are greater than or equal to $57,700,000.00 (the 2024 Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled
to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater
than or equal to $6,500,000.00 ( the 2024 EBITDA Target, and together with the 2024 Gross Revenue Target,
the 2024 Targets) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00
of Buyer Shares. Seller will be deemed to have met a 2024 Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of the individual
Target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Seller may achieve in 2024 is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2024 Targets are achieved..

(iii)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Earn-Out Period) (1) if Gross Revenues of the Company
are greater than or equal to $63,500,000.00 (the 2025 Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled
to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater
than or equal to $7,500,000.00 (the 2025 EBITDA Target, and together with the 2025 Gross Revenue Target,
the 2025 Targets) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00
of Buyer Shares. Seller will be deemed to have met a 2025 Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of the individual
2025 Target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Seller may achieve in 2025 is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2025 Targets are achieved..

(b)
For purposes of this Section 2.5:

(i)
Gross Revenue means the Companys gross sales, as determined under GAAP and PCAOB standards and as
audited by the Companys auditors.

(ii)
EBITDA means net operating income of the Company for any applicable period, prior to the provision for (i)
interest expense and interest income for such period, (ii) federal, state, local and foreign Taxes based on the income or profits of
the Company for such period, and (iii) depreciation and amortization for such period; and

(iii)
The value of each Buyer Share shall be equal to the 30-day average closing price of the Buyer Shares ending on each Earn-Out Date (as
defined below).

9

(c)
On or prior to thirty (30) days following the 2023 Earn-Out Period, the 2024 Earn-Out Period and the 2025 Earn-Out Period (in each case,
an Earn-Out Date), Buyer or its representative shall prepare and deliver to the Seller Representative a schedule
setting forth in reasonable detail the Buyers good faith calculation of the applicable Earn-Out Periods targets (the Earn-Out
Payment Schedule), which schedule shall be prepared in a manner consistent with GAAP, the Sample Calculation and the definitions
contained in this Agreement, and which shall exclude any costs, expenses, losses, revenues or income resulting from (i) any acquisitions
of any other company, business, business line or material asset by Buyer or its Affiliates, if any, whether through merger, stock purchase,
asset purchase, transfer or otherwise, (ii) the post-Closing operation of Buyer and its Affiliates other than the Company; and (iii)
any capital expenditures of the Company.

(d)
Within thirty (30) days after Buyers delivery of the Earn-Out Payment Schedule, the Seller Representative may deliver written
notice to Buyer of any objections which the Seller Representative may have to the Earn-Out Payment Schedule (the Earn-Out
Payment Protest Notice), specifying in reasonable detail any contested amounts and the basis therefor. The failure of
the Seller Representative to deliver such Earn-Out Payment Protest Notice within such thirty (30)-day period will constitute the Seller
Representatives acceptance as final of the Earn-Out Payment Schedule as determined by Buyer. Any amounts not disputed in the Earn-Out
Payment Protest Notice shall be deemed to be accepted by the Seller Representative as final. Upon receipt of, and until the resolution
of any objections with respect to, the Earn-Out Payment Schedule, the Seller Representative and its accountants and other representatives
will be given reasonable access to the relevant books, records, work papers, personnel and any other reasonable back up or supporting
information of Buyer during reasonable business hours for the purpose of evaluating the Earn-Out Payment Schedule.

(e)
Buyer and Seller Representative shall negotiate in good faith to resolve any disagreement with respect to the Earn-Out Payment Schedule
for a period of fifteen (15) Business Days following Buyers receipt of the Earn-Out Payment Protest Notice. If Buyer and Seller
Representative are unable to resolve any such disagreement within such period, then either Buyer or Seller Representative may submit
only the issues and amounts in dispute to the Special Accountants in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with the provisions set forth
in Section 1.3(d), with the undisputed portion of the Earnout-Payment being paid in the time and manner set forth in Section
2.4(g).

(f)
In the event that Brian Norton is terminated or otherwise separated from managerial control of daily wholesale operations prior to the
end of the 2025 Earnout Period, Buyer and Seller Representative shall work together in good faith to select an individual as a replacement.

(g)
Buyer shall transfer the applicable Earn-Out Payment, if any, to Sellers thirty (30) days after the final determination of the applicable
Earn-Out Payment Schedule pursuant to this Section 2.5 or, if such date is not a Business Day, such next Business Day; provided,
that in furtherance of Buyers limited right of set off against the applicable Earn-Out Payment set forth in Article VII,
the amount of any Earn-Out Payment transferrable hereunder, at the discretion of Buyer, may be reduced by any amount (i) finally determined
to be payable by Sellers to Buyer pursuant to Article VII in respect of an Indemnity Claim, or (ii) subject to an Indemnity Claim made
pursuant to and in accordance with Article VII that has not been finally determined as of such date. Additionally, any Earn-Out Payment
shall also be subject to a lockup period for public market sales of Buyer Shares.

10

2.6
Additional Bonus.

(a)
As additional consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Interests, Sellers may be entitled to receive a bonus payment (the
Bonus Payments), in accordance with the following:

(i)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2023, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company
EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2023 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(i)(2). The bonus shall be
payable one-half in Buyer Shares and one-half in cash..

(ii)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company
EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2024 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(ii)(2). The bonus shall be
payable one-half in Buyer Shares and one-half in cash..

(iii)
For the calendar year ending December 31, 2025, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company
EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2025 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(iii)(2). The bonus shall
be payable one-half in Buyer Shares and one-half in cash..

(b)
Each Bonus Payment shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 2.5(c)-(f). At the sole
discretion of Buyer, Bonus Payment may be in cash or Buyer Shares.

2.7 No
Obligation. In no event shall the Buyer or any of its Affiliates be required to take any action (or omit to take any action)
or to expend any funds or incur any Liabilities or expenses in connection with increasing the likelihood of achieving the Earn-Out
Payment or Bonus Payments or to otherwise protect, expedite or maximize the Earn-Out Payments or Bonus Payments. Without limiting
the foregoing, the parties understand and acknowledge that control of all business decisions with respect to Buyer and its
Affiliates (including, without limitation, sales and marketing, capital expenditures, pricing, employee hiring and retention,
subcontracting authority, facilities management and acquisitions or dispositions of assets (and the timing thereof)), from and after
the Closing shall be the ultimate right of the Buyer and its Affiliates, and that each of the Buyer and its Affiliates may operate
their respective businesses in the manner it deems appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, and that no such Person has any
duty, covenant or obligation whatsoever (express or implied) to the Seller Representative, the Sellers or any of their respective
Affiliates or Representatives, with respect to the foregoing. The Buyer makes no representation or warranty (express or implied) to
the Seller Representative, the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, in respect of the Earn-Out Payment
or the Bonus Payments and expresses no opinion as to the value, if any, of the Earn-Out Payment or the Additional Bonus. In
addition, nothing herein shall create a duty (fiduciary or otherwise) on the part of the Buyer or any of its Affiliates or any of
their respective Representatives to the Seller Representative, the Sellers or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives,
with respect to the subject matter of Section 2.5 or Section 2.6. The Seller Representative and each of the Sellers on
each such Persons own behalf and on behalf of its respective Affiliates and Representatives, agrees and acknowledges that
such Person shall not make or be entitled to make any claim against the Buyer or any of its Affiliates or Representatives in
connection with the Earn-Out Payment or Bonus except a claim for breach of the obligation to pay any Earn-Out Payment or Bonus owed
in accordance with the express terms of Section 2.5 or Section 2.6.

11

2.8
Miscellaneous Matters.

(a)
Prior to Closing, Company has submitted applications for the Employee Retention Credit (ERC) which applications
are pending. The amount of the ERC received after the Closing shall be included for the benefit of the Sellers in the calculation of
the Closing Net Working Capital for the determination of the Final Closing Amounts.

(b)
Prior to Closing, Company has returned or expects to return certain expired or expiring products eligible for return to manufactures
to such manufacturers. Buyer shall cause the full amount of any cash refund received by Company for returns submitted prior to the Closing
Date and received subsequent to Closing to be considered for the benefit of the Sellers in the calculation of the Closing Net Working
Capital for purposes of the determination of the Final Closing Amounts.

ARTICLE
III

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

OF
SELLERS3

Sellers,
jointly and severally, hereby represent and warrant to Buyer that (other than the representations and warranties that are as of a specified
date, which speak only as of such date) as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, subject to such exceptions as are disclosed
in writing in the disclosure schedules of the Company delivered to Buyer herewith and incorporated herein by this reference (collectively,
the Schedules), each statement in this Article III is true, correct and complete:

3.1
Existence and Qualification.

(a)
The Company is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Florida.
The Company has the limited liability company power to own, manage, lease and hold its Properties and to carry on its Business in the
manner in which it is presently conducted and to own and use its assets in the manner in which its assets are currently owned and used.
Except where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be material to the Company, the Company is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign limited liability company and is in good standing in any jurisdiction where the nature of the Business requires such qualification,
which jurisdiction(s) are listed on Schedule 3.1.

Note to Draft: Subject to ongoing due diligence.

12

(b)
Strategix is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State of Utah with all
requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently conducted.

(c)
Nomad is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of State of Utah with all requisite
power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently conducted.

(d)
Jouska is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with
all requisite power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as currently conducted.

3.2
Authority, Approval and Enforceability.

(a)
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and each Seller, and the Company and each Seller has the power, authority
and capacity to enter into, deliver, and perform each of its obligations under this Agreement, the Collateral Agreements and each of
the agreements, certificates and documents required to be delivered by such Seller or the Company pursuant to the terms hereto or thereto.

(b)
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements to which the Company or any Seller is a party, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized and approved by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company and each Seller, and no other proceedings on the part of any Seller or the Company are necessary to authorize
this Agreement or to consummate the Transactions.

(c)
This Agreement and each Collateral Agreement to which the Company or each Seller is a party constitutes, or upon execution and delivery
will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement
may be limited by general equitable principles or by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar Legal Requirements and
judicial decisions from time to time in effect which affect creditors rights generally, including the enforceability of creditors
rights generally, and general equitable principles.

3.3
Capitalization and Company Records.

(a)
The issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company consist solely of the Purchased Interests. Sixty percent (60%) of the Purchased
Interests are owned beneficially and of record by Strategix, twenty percent (20%) of the Purchased Interests are owned beneficially and
of record by Nomad and twenty percent (20%) of the Purchased Interests are owned beneficially and of record by Jouska, in each case,
free and clear of any and all Liens, and no equity interests are held in the Companys treasury. All of the Purchased Interests
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and were not issued in violation of (x) any preemptive or other rights
of any Person to acquire securities of the Company, (y) any applicable federal or state securities laws, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder or any other Legal Requirement, or (z) the Companys Organizational Documents. There are no outstanding
subscriptions, options, convertible securities, rights (preemptive or otherwise), warrants, calls or agreements relating to any equity
interests of the Company. Upon delivery to Buyer at the Closing of the Unit Assignments, good and valid title to the Purchased Interests
will pass to Buyer, free and clear of any and all Liens. There are no voting agreements, voting trusts, proxies, registration rights
agreements, member agreements or other Contracts with respect to any of the Purchased Interests. The Company does not have any authorized
or outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness, the holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable
for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for or acquire securities having the right to vote) with the equity holders of the Company
on any matter.

13

(b)
A copy of Companys Organizational Documents has been provided to Buyer, and each such copy is accurate and complete and reflects
all amendments made through the Closing Date. The Companys minute books made available to Buyer for review, if any, were correct
and complete as of the date of such review, no further entries have been made through the date of this Agreement, and such minute books
contain an accurate record of all manager and member actions taken by written consent or at a meeting since the Companys inception.
All actions taken by the Company have been duly authorized or ratified. All accounts, books, ledgers and official and other records of
the Company fairly and accurately reflect in all material respects all of the Companys transactions, properties, assets and liabilities.

(c)
The Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any outstanding securities of or other equity-like interests in any other corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture or other Person.

3.4 No
Seller Defaults or Consents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.4, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the Collateral Agreements by each Seller and the performance by each Seller of each Sellers obligations hereunder and
thereunder will not violate any applicable Legal Requirements or any judgment, award or decree or any indenture, any Contract or
other instrument to which any Seller is a party, or conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with due notice or lapse of
time or both) a default under, any such indenture, Contract or other instrument, in each case except to the extent that such
violation, default or breach could not reasonably be expected to delay or otherwise significantly impair the ability of the Parties
to consummate the Transactions.

3.5 No
Company or Other Defaults or Consents. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.5, the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, any Collateral Agreement or the carrying out of any of the Transactions will not:

(a)
violate or conflict with any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Organizational Documents or similar organizational document
of the Company;

(b)
violate any Legal Requirements applicable to the Company;

(c)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under (whether with or without notice or the lapse of time or both),
or accelerate or permit the acceleration of the performance required by, or give any other party the right to terminate, any Contract
or Permit binding upon or applicable to the Company or its properties or assets;

14

(d)
result in the termination, denial or impairment of any Contract, or require the payment of any fees, taxes or assessments, pursuant to
any federal, state or local program or initiative (i) relating to minority-owned or small disadvantaged businesses, or (ii) based upon
some other status of business ownership;

(e)
result in the creation of any Lien on any Properties of the Company; or

(f)
require any Seller or the Company to obtain or make any waiver, consent, action, approval or authorization of, or registration, declaration,
notice or filing with, any private non-governmental third party or any Governmental Authority.

3.6 No
Proceedings. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.6, no suit, action, or other proceeding is pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened before any Governmental Authority seeking to restrain any Seller or the Company or prohibit the
Companys or any Sellers entry into this Agreement or prohibit the Closing, or seeking Damages against the Company or
any Seller or any of its Properties as a result of the consummation of this Agreement.

3.7
Employee Benefit Matters.

(a)
For purposes of this Section 3.7, the term Company shall include any trade or business, whether or not incorporated,
that together with the Company would be deemed a single employer within the meaning of Section 4001(b)(1) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) and/or Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Code (each such trade or business, an ERISA Affiliate).

(b)
Schedule 3.7(b) provides a list of each of the following, if any, which is currently sponsored, maintained or contributed to by
the Company for the benefit of the current or former employees, directors, managers and/or independent contractors of the Company, with
respect to which the Company has or may have any actual or contingent liability: each employee benefit plan, as such term
is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA (including employee benefit plans, such as foreign plans, which are not subject to the provisions
of ERISA) and any other plan, contract, arrangement, agreement (including collective bargaining agreements, employment agreements, and
consulting agreements), fund, practice, employee manual, policy, or other written statement providing bonuses, profit sharing benefits,
retirement benefits, deferred compensation, bonus or incentive compensation, deferred compensation, equity-based compensation, phantom
equity rights, fringe benefits (including vacation and paid time off programs), severance payments, change in control payments, post-retirement
benefits, health and welfare benefits, or other employee benefit plans including any compensation arrangement with any Seller or any
Sellers Affiliates, whether relating to the Transactions or otherwise (each, a Plan and, collectively,
the Plans).

(c)
Copies of each of the Plans and benefit programs or agreements (or for any unwritten Plans and benefit programs or Agreements, a summary
of material terms), including all amendments thereto, and related contracts and trusts, to the extent applicable, have been furnished
to Buyer. There has also been furnished to Buyer, to the extent applicable with respect to each Plan, the following: (i) copies of the
most recent IRS determination or opinion letter with respect to each such Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code;
(ii) copies of the most recent summary plan descriptions and any summaries of material modifications thereto; (iii) copies of the three
most recent Forms 5500 annual report and accompanying schedules, the most recent actuarial report and the non-discrimination testing
results for the three (3) most recent plan years; and (iv) with respect to any SIMPLE IRA, the IRS Form 5304 prototype or individual
designed plan document and the annual participant notices for the preceding three (3) years.

15

(d)
Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.7(d), the Company does not have, nor has the Company ever had, any ERISA Affiliates.

(e)
The Company does not contribute to or have an obligation to contribute to, and the Company has not at any time contributed to or had
an obligation to contribute to, and the Company does not have any actual or contingent liability under (i) a multiemployer plan within
the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA (Multiemployer Plan), (ii) a multiple employer plan within the meaning
of Section 413(b) and (c) of the Code, (iii) a Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, (iv) a welfare plan that
is a multiple employer welfare arrangement within the meaning of Section 3(40) of ERISA, (v) any Plan in which any equity
security of the Company is or was held as a plan asset, or (vi) a self-insured group health plan. No Plan or Benefit Program or Agreement
is subject to the laws of any country other than the United States.

(f)
Each Plan has been maintained, funded, and administered in all material respects in compliance with its terms and all applicable Legal
Requirements, including ERISA and the Code.

(g)
The Company has performed in all material respects all obligations, whether arising under Legal Requirements or Contract, required to
be performed by it as of the Closing Date in connection with the Plans , including the notice and continuation coverage requirements
of Section 4980B of the Code and Parts 6 and 7 of Title I of ERISA. To the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no defaults or violations
by any other party to the Plans . Each individual who is classified by the Company as an independent contractor has been properly classified
for purposes of participation and benefit accrual under each Plan. Each Person providing services to the Company who is considered to
be self-employed for purposes of the Code has, at all times, with respect to the Plans, paid welfare plan premiums solely on an after-tax
basis and has not, and does not, participate in any Plan that is a flexible spending account or dependent care account plan.

(h)
Each Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code is subject to a favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS
that such Plan is so qualified and the trusts maintained thereto are exempt from federal income taxation under Section 501 of the Code
and nothing has occurred or will occur through the Closing with respect to any such Plan which would reasonably be expected to cause
the loss of such qualification or exemption. There has been no termination or partial termination of any such Plan within the meaning
of Code Section 411(d)(3) and the present value of all liabilities under any such Plan will not exceed the current fair market value
of the assets of such Plan (determined using the actuarial assumption used for the most recent actuarial valuation for such Plan if applicable).

16

(i)
There are no actions, suits or claims pending (other than routine claims for benefits) or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened
against, or with respect to, any of the Plans or benefit programs or Agreements or their assets.

(j)
All premiums, contributions or other payments or accruals required to be made with respect to the Plans pursuant to their terms and provisions
and applicable Legal Requirements as of the Closing Date have been made timely.

(k)
The Company has complied in all material respects with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA).
The Company has not modified the employment or service terms of any employee or service provider for the purposes of excluding such employee
or service provider from full-time employment status for purposes of the PPACA.

(l)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no party in interest (as defined in ERISA) or disqualified person (as defined in the Code) with respect
to any Plan has engaged in any prohibited transaction or party-in-interest transaction as such terms are
defined in Section 4975 of the Code and Section 406 of ERISA which could subject the Plan, such person, the Company or any director,
manager, employee, or independent contractor thereof to a tax or penalty pursuant to Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA.

(m)
There is no matter pending with respect to any of the Plans before the IRS, the Department of Labor or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

(n)
The Company is not obligated under any Plan , or otherwise to provide medical or death benefits with respect to any employee or former
employee of the Company or its predecessors after termination of employment, except as required under Section 4980B of the Code or Part
6 of Title I of ERISA or other similar state applicable law.

(o)
The Company has documented, operated, and administered each nonqualified deferred compensation plan (as defined under Section
409A(d)(1) of the Code) at all times in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. No such Plan has been terminated within the previous
three (3) years. The Company has no obligation to gross-up, indemnify or otherwise reimburse any current or former director, manager,
employee, or independent contractor for any tax incurred by such individual, including under Sections 409A, 280G, or 4999 of the Code,
or any interest or penalty related thereto.

(p)
Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.7(p), neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of
any or all of the Transactions will: (i) entitle any current or former officer, director, manager, employee, or independent contractor
of the Company to severance pay, unemployment compensation or any similar payment, or (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting
or increase the amount of any compensation due to any such individual.

(q)
The Transactions will not be the direct or indirect cause of any amount paid or payable by the Company being classified as an excess
parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code.

17

(r)
Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.7(r), the Company is not a party to any Contract, and has not established any policy
or practice, requiring the Company to make a payment or provide any other form of compensation or benefit to any Person performing services
for the Company upon termination of such services which would not be payable or provided in the absence of the consummation of the Transactions.

(s)
Set forth in Schedule 3.7(s) is a list of all sale or change in control bonus and phantom equity agreements, plans, programs or
arrangements between the Company and any of its employees or representatives, along with the amount of the total cash payment that may
be made to each such employee and representative pursuant to any such agreement, plan, program or arrangement.

3.8
Financial Statements; No Undisclosed Liabilities; Accounts Receivable; Accounts Payable.

(a)
Attached hereto as Schedule 3.8(a) are accurate and complete copies of (i) the audited balance sheet of the Company with respect
to the Company and its Business as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2021 and the related audited statements of income
and retained earnings, members equity and cash flows, and the notes thereto; (ii) the unaudited balance sheet of the Company with
respect to the Company and its Business as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 (the Balance Sheet Date)
and the related unaudited statements of income and retained earnings, members equity and cash flows (the Interim
Financials); and (iii) pro-forma unaudited financial statements of the Business as of and for the years ended December
31, 2020, and 2021 and the related unaudited statements of income and retained earnings, members equity and cash flows (together
with (i) and (ii), collectively, the Company Financial Statements). All of such Company Financial Statements
present fairly in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the dates or
periods indicated thereon in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (including with respect to accruals) throughout the periods
indicated, except as disclosed therein and except, in the case of the Interim Financials, for (i) normal year-end adjustments, none of
which adjustments are or are expected to be material, and (ii) the omission of footnote disclosures required by GAAP. All accounts, books,
ledgers and official and other records of the Company fairly and accurately reflect in all material respects all of the Companys
transactions, Properties and liabilities.

(b)
Except for (i) the liabilities reflected on the Companys balance sheet as of the Balance Sheet Date included with the Company
Financial Statements, (ii) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business,
(iii) liabilities incurred in connection with this Agreement, and (iv) the liabilities set forth on Schedule 3.8(b), the Company
does not have any liabilities or obligations (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, known, unknown or otherwise, and whether or not
of a nature required to be reflected or reserved against in a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP) (collectively, Liabilities).

18

(c)
Since January 1, 2018, there have not been any significant deficiencies in the financial reporting of the Company which are or were reasonably
likely to materially and adversely affect the ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information, or any fraud (whether
or not material) that involved management or other employees who have or had a significant role in financial reporting. The books and
records of the Company fully and fairly reflect in all material respects all transactions, properties, assets and liabilities of the
Company. The books and records of the Company fully and fairly reflect in all material respects all transactions, properties, assets
and liabilities of the Company. There are no extraordinary or material non-recurring items of income or expense during the periods covered
by the Company Financial Statements, and the balance sheets included in the Company Financial Statements do not reflect any write-up,
write-down or revaluation increasing or decreasing the book value of the assets, except as specifically disclosed in the notes thereto.

(d)
The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed
in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and historical practices and to maintain accountability for assets; and (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization. Neither the Company nor (to the
Knowledge of the Company) any of the Companys independent registered public accounting firms has identified or been made aware
of (i) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves the Companys management or other employees or other Persons who have
a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by the Company or (ii) any claim or allegation
regarding the foregoing.

(e)
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(e), the accounts receivable reflected on the balance sheet as of the Balance Sheet Date included
in the Company Financial Statements and all of the Companys accounts receivable arising since the Balance Sheet Date arose from
bona fide transactions in the ordinary course of business, and the products and services involved have been sold, delivered and performed
to the account obligors, and no further filings (with governmental agencies, insurers or others) are required to be made, no further
services are required to be provided and no further services are required to be rendered in order to complete the sales and fully render
the services and to entitle the Company to collect such amounts receivable in full. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(e), all
of the notes and accounts receivable of the Company reflected on the Balance Sheet are, and all notes and accounts receivable of the
Company as of the Closing Date are, good and valid receivables (subject to no counterclaims or offset) arising in the ordinary course
of business and (net of the allowance for doubtful accounts recorded on the applicable balance sheet) are collectible (net of reserves
shown on the Balance Sheet). As of the Closing Date, no Person has any Lien on any accounts receivable of the Company or any part thereof,
and no agreement for deduction, free goods, discount or other deferred price or adjustment has been made with respect to any such receivables.
No such account has been assigned or pledge to any Person, and, except only to the extent fully reserved against as set forth in the
balance sheet as of the Balance Sheet Date included in the Company Financial Statements, and no defense or set off to any such account
has been asserted by the account obligor or exists.

(f)
The accounts and notes payable of the Company (i) are in each case not overdue nor have been outstanding for more than forty-five (45)
days, except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(f) in the case of accounts and notes payable which, by their terms may have been outstanding
for up to sixty (60) days, (ii) represent obligations of the Company for products or services actually received, (iii) are not the subject
of any Legal Proceeding (whether pending or threatened) and (iv) have arisen only from bona fide purchases in the ordinary course of
business and are payable on ordinary trade terms. Schedule 3.8(f) sets forth a description of any security arrangements and collateral
securing the repayment or other satisfaction of payables of the Company.

19

3.9
Absence of Certain Changes.

(a)
Since January 1, 2023 (the Reference Date), there has not been (i) any event, circumstance or change that
had or could have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) that had or could
have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) any adverse change in the Companys sales patterns, pricing policies (to customers or vendors),
accounts receivable, accounts payable, prospects or backlog that is or will be material to the Company.

(b)
Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.9(b), since the Reference Date, the Company has not done any of the following:

(i)
merged into or with or consolidated with, or acquired the business or assets of, any Person;

(ii)
purchased any securities of any Person;

(iii)
created, incurred, assumed, guaranteed or otherwise become liable or obligated with respect to any indebtedness, or made any loan or
advance to, or any investment in, any Person, except in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(iv)
made or changed any Tax election, changed any annual Tax accounting period, adopted or changed any method of Tax accounting, filed any
amended Tax Return, entered into any closing agreement, settled any Tax claim or assessment, surrendered any right to claim a Tax refund,
offset or other reduction in Tax liability, consented to any extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim
or assessment or took any other similar action related to Taxes;

(v)
entered into, amended (whether written or oral), or terminated (whether written or oral) any Material Contract;

(vi)
sold, transferred, leased, mortgaged, encumbered or otherwise disposed of, or agreed to sell, transfer, lease, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise dispose of, any Properties except (A) in the ordinary course of business, or (B) pursuant to any Contract specified in Schedule
3.13(a);

(vii)
settled any claim or litigation, or filed any motions, orders, briefs or settlement agreements in any proceeding before any Governmental
Authority or any arbitrator;

(viii)
incurred or approved, or entered into any Contract to make, any expenditures in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($25,000.00)
over any twelve (12)-month period (other than those arising in the ordinary course of business or those required pursuant to any Contract
specified in Schedule 3.13(a));

20

(ix)
maintained its books of account other than in the usual, regular and ordinary manner in accordance with GAAP and on a basis consistent
with prior periods (including with respect to accruals) or made any change in any of its accounting methods or practices that would be
required to be disclosed under GAAP (including with respect to accruals);

(x)
adopted, amended or terminated any Plan or Benefit Program or Agreement; granted any increase in, accelerated the vesting of, or made
any change to, the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to directors, managers, employees, or independent contractors
(including any such increase or change pursuant to any bonus, commission, profit-sharing or other plan or commitment); hired or engaged
any employees or independent contractors earning annual compensation in excess of $75,000 to provide services for the Company, or terminated
any employee or encouraged any employee to resign from the Company;

(xi)
suffered any extraordinary losses or waived any rights of material value;

(xii)
made any payment to any Affiliate or forgiven any indebtedness due or owing from any Affiliate to the Company;

(xiii)
(A) provided discounts on pricing or receivables other than in the ordinary course, (B) accelerated or delayed the collection of any
notes or accounts receivable in the advance of or beyond their regular due dates or the dates when they would have been collected in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (C) delayed or accelerated the payment of any accrued expense, trade
payable or other liability beyond or in advance of its due date or the date when such liability would have been paid in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices, (D) changed in any material respect the Companys practices in connection with
the marketing, performance or pricing of its offered services, the payment of payables and/or the collection of receivables, or (E) taken
any other action to artificially alter the Companys working capital, or committed to do any of the foregoing;

(xiv)
declared, set aside or paid any dividends, or made any distributions or other payments in respect of its equity securities, or repurchased,
redeemed or otherwise acquired any such securities or committed to do any of the foregoing;

(xv)
amended its Organizational Documents or committed to do any of the foregoing;

(xvi)
issued any equity or other securities, or granted, or entered into any agreement to grant, any options, convertible rights, other rights,
warrants, calls or agreements relating to its equity or other securities or committed to do any of the foregoing; or

(xvii)
engaged in any one or more activities or transactions with an Affiliate or outside the ordinary course of business; or

(xviii)
committed to do any of the foregoing.

21

3.10
Compliance with Laws.

(a)
The Company is and has been in compliance in all respects with any and all Legal Requirements applicable to it. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, (i) the Company has not received or entered into any citations, complaints, consent orders, compliance schedules
or other similar enforcement orders or received any written notice from any Governmental Authority or any other written notice that would
indicate that it is not currently in compliance with all such Legal Requirements, (ii) the Company is not in default under, and no condition
exists (whether covered by insurance or not) that with or without notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default under, or
breach or violation of, any Legal Requirement or Permit applicable to it, (iii) no formal or informal investigation or review related
to the Company is being (or since January 1, 2016 has been) conducted by any commission, board or other Governmental Authority, and,
to the Knowledge of the Company, no such investigation or review is scheduled, pending, or threatened against the Company, and (iv) the
Company and, to the Knowledge of the Company, any Person acting on its behalf, is in compliance in all material respects with all Healthcare
Laws applicable to it, its products and its properties or other assets or its business or operation.

(b)
The Company and each other Person involved in the marketing, sale or delivery of any of the Companys services (collectively, the
Other Parties) have obtained all approvals, registrations and authorizations from, and have made all appropriate
applications and other submissions to, and have prepared and maintained all records, studies and other documentation needed to satisfy
and demonstrate compliance with the requirements of, all applicable requirements of all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary
for operation of their past and present business activities relating to the Company services in compliance with all applicable Legal
Requirements. All required approvals, registrations and authorizations are in full force and effect and the Company has not received
notice during the past six (6) years of any violation of any such approval, registration or authorization.

(c)
None of the Company, nor any individual with an ownership or control interest (as defined at 42 C.F.R. 1001.2) in
the Company including its shareholders or members with an ownership interest of five percent (5%) or more in Company or holders of any
mortgage, deed of trust, note or other obligation secured by Company with an interest equal to or exceeding five percent (5%) of the
total property and assets of Company, officers, directors, managing employees or agents (as those terms are defined in 42 C.F.R. 
1001.2): (i) has been charged with or convicted of any criminal offense relating to the delivery of any item or service under any Healthcare
Law, including under 42 U.S.C. Sections 1320a-7(a), 1320a-7(b)(1), (2), or (3); (ii) has had civil money penalties or assessments imposed
under 42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a; (iii) has been excluded or suspended from participation in Medicare or any other governmental healthcare
program; (iv) is currently listed on the General Services Administration published list of parties excluded from federal procurement
programs and non-procurement programs; or (v) to the Knowledge of the Company, is the target or subject of any current or potential proceeding
relating to any Healthcare Law related offense.

22

(d)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has filed or has threatened to file against the Company a claim, action, suit, investigation,
legal inquiry or proceeding under any federal or state whistleblower statute, including the False Claims Act of 1863 (31 U.S.C. 
3729 et seq.).

(e)
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10(e), the Company has not received audits, subpoenas, requests for documents, civil investigative
demands, surveys, pre- or post-payment reviews or reports issued by any Governmental Authority or any third party, or any appeals, letters,
or other documents in response to such audits, surveys, investigations, or reviews, in each case, except for any of the foregoing that
relate to non-material billing errors or discrepancies occurring in the ordinary course of business. Except (i) as set forth on Schedule
3.10(e), or (ii) for non-material billing errors or discrepancies occurring in the ordinary course of business, the Company has paid
or made provision to pay any overpayment received from any payor, governmental or commercial, and any similar obligation with respect
to other reimbursement programs in which the Company participates (each of which is reflected in the Company Financial Statements), and
the Company has not received reimbursement in excess of the amounts provided by applicable Legal Requirements that has not been repaid
to the applicable payor.

(f)
Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its officers, directors, managers, Affiliates, employees or agents,
is a party to any Contract with any physician, health care facility, hospital, nursing facility, home health agency or other person,
other than Contracts that are in material compliance with all applicable Healthcare Laws.

(g)
All Company services and products comply with all relevant standards and requirements with regard to prescription-related software including
Section 101 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA), National Council for Prescription Drug
Programs SCRIPT Standards, X12N standards and Telecommunication Standard Specifications and related rules, guidance and regulations (together,
e-Rx Standards). All relevant Company products are Certified Health IT pursuant to the Office of the National
Coordinator for Health Information Technology Health IT Certification program (ONC Program) and have maintained
such certification since the earlier of offering each such product or commencement of the ONC Program in 2010. Schedule 3.10(g) sets
forth a description of each product offered by Company, a brief description of its functionality, a description of whether it is subject
to e-Rx Standards, and whether it is eligible for the ONC Program and, if so, the date and certifying agency or entity of the ONC Program
for each such product.

(h)
Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of Company, any of its directors, officers, members, managers, agents, employees or any other
Person acting for or on behalf of the Company, has directly or indirectly: (i) made or received any contribution, gift, bribe, rebate,
payoff, influence payment, kickback, or payment of any other consideration to any Person, private or public, regardless of form, whether
in money, property or services: (A) to obtain favorable treatment in securing business; (B) to pay for favorable treatment for business
secured; (C) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already obtained, for or in respect of the Company; (D) to obtain,
or in return for obtaining, a referral of business; or (E) in violation of any Law; or (ii) established or maintained any fund or asset
that has not been recorded in the books and records.

23

(i)
The Company: (i) is not a party to a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and
Human Services or a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the United States Department of Justice, (ii) does not have a reporting obligation
pursuant to any settlement agreement entered into with any Governmental Authority, (iii) to its Knowledge has not been a defendant in
any qui tam/False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et. seq) litigation, (iv) has not been served with or received any search warrant,
subpoena, civil investigative demand or investigative contact letter by or from any Governmental Authority, and (v) to Companys
Knowledge, has not committed any offense, taken any action, or omitted to take any action, which may be the basis for any of (i) through
(iii) above. Neither the Company nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees, is a party to any contract (including any joint
venture or consulting contract) with any healthcare facility, hospital, nursing facility, home health agency or other Person to which
the Company is in a position to make or influence referrals or otherwise generate business for, to provide services, lease space, lease
equipment or engage in any other venture or activity. The Company is not, and for the past six (6) years has not been, in violation of
any Healthcare Laws.

(j)
The Company does not and has not billed any third-party payor for reimbursement of fees under any program of health care benefits and
has not provided any clinical services. All fees charged to individuals, customers or third parties including, without limitation, fees
charged for document production and copying, comply with all Legal Requirements including, without limitation, any limitations under
state law and Healthcare Laws including HIPAA.

3.11
Litigation.

(a)
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.11, there are no claims (other than routine claims for benefits), actions, suits, investigations,
inquiries or proceedings against the Company pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in any court or before or by any
Governmental Authority, or before any arbitrator, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no reasonable basis for any such claim, action,
suit, investigation, inquiry or proceeding, and since January 1, 2018, there has not been any action, suit, investigation, claim or proceeding
that was pending, settled or adjudicated with respect to the Company.

(b)
There are no claims, actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or proceedings against any Seller pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened in any court or before or by any Governmental Authority, or before any arbitrator. To the Knowledge of the Company,
there is no reasonable basis for any such claim, action, suit, investigation, inquiry or proceeding, and since January 1, 2018, there
has not been any action, suit, investigation, claim or proceeding that was pending, settled or adjudicated with respect to any Seller.

3.12
Real Property.

(a)
The Company does not own (and has never owned) any real property or any ownership interest therein.

24

(b)
Schedule 3.12(b) sets forth a list of all leases, licenses or similar agreements to which the Company is a party that are for the
use or occupancy of real estate (Leases) (accurate and complete copies of which have previously been furnished
to Buyer, together with all related documents, including non-disturbance agreements, underlying ground leases, title insurance policies,
surveys, lease amendments or modifications, notices of renewal or non-renewal, expansion options and purchase options) (the parcels of
real property related to the Leases identified on Schedule 3.12(b) are referred to herein collectively as the Leased
Premises). The Leases are in full force and effect, and no party thereto is in default or breach under any such Lease.
No event has occurred which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would cause a breach of or default under any Lease.
The Company has a valid leasehold interest in each of its Leased Premises, free and clear of any and all Liens.

(c)
The buildings and structures that are part of the Leased Premises are in good repair and condition, normal wear and tear excepted,
and are in the aggregate sufficient to satisfy the Companys current business activities as conducted thereon and have no material
defects in the improvements on any of the Leased Premises, the structural elements thereof, the mechanical systems (including all heating,
ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing, electrical, utility and sprinkler systems) therein, the utility system servicing such Leased
Premises and the roofs which have not been disclosed to Buyer in writing prior to the date of this Agreement, and are structurally sound.
All of the Leased Premises (i) has direct access to public roads or access to public roads by means of a perpetual access easement, such
access being sufficient to satisfy the current and reasonably anticipated future transportation requirements of the business conducted
at such Leased Premises; and (ii) is served by all utilities in such quantity and quality as are necessary and sufficient to satisfy
the current business activities conducted at such Leased Premises, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no condition which
could be reasonably expected to result in the termination of any such utilities or other services. Neither the Company nor any of its
Affiliates has received notice of (x) any condemnation, eminent domain or similar proceeding affecting any portion of any of the Leased
Premises or any access thereto, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no such proceedings are contemplated, (y) any special assessment
or pending improvement liens to be made by any Governmental Authority which could affect any of the Leased Premises, or (z) any violations
of building codes and/or zoning ordinances or other governmental regulations with respect to any of the Leased Premises.

(d)
Except for the Leases, the Company has not entered into any lease, sublease, license, occupancy agreement, option, right, concession
or other Contract with respect to any facilities or real property. None of the Leased Premises is subject to any commitment or other
arrangement for its sale or use by the Company, any Affiliate of the Company or any other Person that would materially interfere with
the use thereof in the conduct of the Business. The Company does not use or permit any of its Properties to be held at any real property
other than the Leased Premises.

3.13
Material Contracts.

(a)
Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.13(a), the Company is not a party to or bound by any of the following, whether written
or oral (each, a Material Contract):

(i)
any Contract with a customer or supplier listed or required to be listed in Schedule 3.18;

25

(ii)
any Contract that provides any customer with discounted pricing on any product or service or the potential right to any such discounts
in the future other than as consistent with past practices;

(iii)
any Contract for capital expenditures by the Company in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($25,000.00) in the aggregate;

(iv)
any lease or license which has an aggregate value in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($25,000.00) with respect to any
Properties, real or personal, whether as lessor, lessee, licensor or licensee;

(v)
any Contract relating to Intellectual Property;

(vi)
any Contract providing for indemnification, earn-out or other contingent payment obligations (other than any written agreements
with customers and suppliers of the Company entered into in the ordinary course of business that are responsive to this clause (vi) solely
as a result of containing customary indemnification provisions in favor of such customers and suppliers);

(vii)
any Contract relating to the borrowing of money or the guarantee of any obligation or the deferred payment of the purchase price of any
Properties, including any contract relating to Debt;

(viii)
any shareholder, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company operating or similar entity governance Contract;

(ix)
any profit sharing, capital commitment, joint development, ownership or operation, strategic alliance, shareholder, partnership, joint
venture, limited liability company operating or similar Contract;

(x)
any Contract with any Affiliate of the Company relating to the provision of funds, real property, goods or services by or to the Company;

(xi)
any Contract for the sale of any assets that in the aggregate have a net book value on the Companys books of greater than Twenty-Five
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($25,000.00);

(xii)
any employment, bonus or similar Contract, or consulting Contract with any officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company
pursuant to which the Company has or is reasonably expected to have future liability in excess of Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100 Dollars
($25,000.00) per annum (in each case other than at-will contracts that can be terminated at any time without penalty or
liability to the Company);

26

(xiii)
any Contract that purports to (A) limit or restrict the Companys freedom to compete freely in any activity, market, line of business
or in any geographic area or the internet or solicit, offer employment to or hire any Person, (B) limit the ability of the Company from
incurring indebtedness or to create Liens, (C) requiring the Company to purchase a minimum amount, or applicable percentage, of products
or services (or pay any amount for failure to purchase any specific quantities) or contains take or pay provisions, or
(D) providing for exclusive dealings, most favored nation status or other similar requirement in favor of any Person;

(xiv)
any settlement Contract with any Governmental Authority or third party or which contains aggregate unsatisfied payment and other obligations
of the Company in excess of Ten Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($10,000.00);

(xv)
any Contract with any labor union/guild or any collective bargaining agreement or similar agreement;

(xvi)
any broker, distributor, dealer, franchise, agency, sales promotion, market research, marketing consulting and advertising Contract;

(xvii)
any preferential purchase right, right of first refusal or similar Contract;

(xviii)
Contracts granting a power of attorney;

(xix)
Contracts with any Governmental Authority; and

(xx)
Contracts that are otherwise material to the business, operations or financial condition of the Company and is outside the Companys
ordinary course of business.

(b)
The Company has provided Buyer a copy of each Material Contract that is true, complete and correct in all respects. The Company is not
in default under any Material Contract. All of the Material Contracts are valid, binding and in full force and effect. Except as otherwise
set forth in Schedule 3.13(b), (i) the Company has not been notified or advised by any party to a Material Contract of such partys
(A) intention or desire to terminate or modify any such Contract in any respect or (B) breach, violate or default under such Contract.
To the Knowledge of the Company, no circumstance exists that, with notice or lapse of time or both (including the transactions contemplated
hereby), would constitute a default by any party to a Material Contract.

(c)
The Company is not a party to or bound by any Contract the terms of which were arrived at by or otherwise reflect less-than-arms-length
negotiations or bargaining.

3.14
Insurance. Schedule 3.14 sets forth a complete and correct list of all insurance policies (including fire, liability,
product liability, workers compensation and vehicular) presently in effect that relate to the Company or any of its Properties,
including the amounts of such insurance and annual premiums with respect thereto, all of which have been in full force and effect from
and after the date(s) set forth in Schedule 3.14. To the Knowledge of the Company, such policies are sufficient for compliance
by the Company with all applicable Legal Requirements and all material Contracts. None of the insurance carriers has indicated to the
Company an intention to cancel any such policy or to materially increase any insurance premiums (including workers compensation
premiums), or that any insurance required to be listed in Schedule 3.14 will not be available in the future on substantially the
same terms as currently in effect. The Company does not have any claim pending or anticipated against any of its insurance carriers under
any of such policies and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no actual or alleged occurrence of any kind which could reasonably
be expected to give rise to any such claim. Since January 1, 2016, all notices required to have been given by the Company or any Seller
to any insurance company have been timely and duly given, and no insurance company has asserted that any claim is not covered by the
applicable policy relating to such claim.

27

3.15
Intellectual Property.

(a)
Intellectual Property means all of the following intangible property and related proprietary rights,
interests and protections, however arising, pursuant to the Legal Requirements of any jurisdiction throughout the world, including
such property that is owned by the Company (Company Intellectual Property) and that in which the Company
holds exclusive or non-exclusive rights or interests granted by license from other Persons, including any Seller Party
(Licensed Intellectual Property):

(i)
trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress, design rights and other proprietary indicia of goods and services
worldwide, whether registered, unregistered or arising by law, and all registrations and applications for registration of such trademarks
worldwide, including intent-to-use applications, and all issuances, extensions and renewals of such registrations and applications together
with the goodwill associated with all of the foregoing (Trademark);

(ii)
internet domain names, whether or not trademarks, registered in any generic top level domain by any authorized private registrar or Governmental
Authority (Domain Name);

(iii)
original works of authorship in any medium of expression, whether or not published or registered, including all rights of copyright (whether
registered, unregistered or arising by Legal Requirement), all copyright registrations and applications, and all issuances, extensions
and renewals of such registrations and applications thereof (Copyright);

(iv)
original works of software authorship in any medium of expression, whether or not published or registered, including source code, object
code, and executable code (Software);

(v)
Trade Secrets and other confidential information, formulae, designs, devices and hardware and software specifications and configurations,
technology, manufacturing methods, know-how, research and development data, information, and materials of any kind; technical management
information; business information, including project, financial, accounting and personnel information; business studies; strategies;
plans; procedures; forecasts; and sales and marketing plans and data; and

(vi)
Patentable inventions (whether or not reduced to practice) and all improvements thereto; and all issued patents, patent applications
and patent disclosures worldwide, together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, revisions, extensions
and reexaminations thereof (Patent).

28

(b)
Schedule 3.15(b) lists all Company Intellectual Property that is either (i) subject to any issuance, registration, application
or other filing by, to or with any Governmental Authority or authorized private registrar in any jurisdiction (collectively, Intellectual
Property Registrations), including Trademark registrations and applications worldwide, Domain Names and Copyright registrations
and applications worldwide, Patent registrations and applications for any of the foregoing worldwide; or (ii) used in or necessary for
or material to the Companys current business or operations, including Software. All filings and fees related to the Intellectual
Property Registrations have been timely filed with and paid to the relevant Governmental Authorities and authorized registrars, and no
such fees or filings are due within 180 days of the Closing Date. All Intellectual Property Registrations, other than for Intellectual
Property Registrations which the Company has voluntarily abandoned or permitted to expire, are valid and subsisting and in full force
and effect. The Company has provided Buyer with true and complete copies of file histories, documents, certificates, office actions,
legal opinion letters, correspondence and other materials related to all Intellectual Property Registrations.

(c)
The Company owns exclusively all right, title and interest in and to the Company Intellectual Property, free and clear of any and all
Liens. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company has entered into binding, written agreements (including invention
disclosures and assignments) with every current and former employee of the Company, and with every current and former independent contractor
and consultant who provided services or otherwise created any type of work product in the course of providing services to the Company,
or at the request or on behalf of the Company, or pursuant to an agreement with the Company, whereby such employees, independent contractors
and consultants have assigned to the Company all right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property rights they may have in
any such work product. The Company has provided Buyer with true and complete copies of all such agreements. The Company is in compliance
with all applicable Legal Requirements applicable to the Company Intellectual Property and the Companys ownership and use thereof.
The Company has recorded all assignments related to Company Intellectual Property including Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights with the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office and has provided Buyer with correct and complete copies of all
such assignments.

(d)
With respect to all Company Intellectual Property:

(i)
no royalties, honorariums or fees are payable by the Company to any Person by reason of the Companys ownership or use of any of
the Company Intellectual Property;

(ii)
there have been no claims made against the Company or against the Company Intellectual Property asserting the invalidity, abuse, misuse
or unenforceability of any of the Company Intellectual Property;

29

(iii)
the Company has not made any claim of any violation, misappropriation or infringement by others of any of its Company Intellectual Property
or interests therein and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no grounds for any such claims exist;

(iv)
the Company has not received any notice that it is in conflict with or infringing upon the asserted intellectual property rights of others
in connection with the Company Intellectual Property, and neither the Companys use of the Company Intellectual Property nor the
operation of the Companys business is infringing, has infringed upon, is violating, has violated or misappropriated any intellectual
property rights of any Person;

(v)
the Company Intellectual Property and Licensed Intellectual Property, collectively, are sufficient and include all Intellectual Property
rights necessary for the Company to conduct its business as presently being conducted;

(vi)
no interest in any of the Company Intellectual Property has been assigned, transferred, licensed or sublicensed by the Company to any
Person other than Buyer pursuant to this Agreement;

(vii)
to the Knowledge of the Company, there has not been any act or failure to act by the Company or any of its directors, managers, officers,
employees, attorneys or agents during the prosecution or registration of, or any other proceeding relating to, any of the Company Intellectual
Property or of any other fact which could render invalid or unenforceable, or negate the right to issuance of any of the Company Intellectual
Property;

(viii)
to the extent any of the Company Intellectual Property constitutes proprietary or confidential information, the Company has and does
use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard such information and prevent its disclosure; and

(ix)
all Company Intellectual Property will remain in full force and effect following the Closing without alteration or impairment.

(e)
Schedule 3.15(e) lists all Licensed Intellectual Property, including Software, that is used in or necessary for or material to
the Companys current business or operations, other than software licensed pursuant to off-the-shelf, click-through or shrink-wrap
licenses, or software licensed for a one-time or annual fee of less than $5,000. The Company has provided Buyer with true and complete
copies of all such agreements. The Company and, to the Knowledge of the Company, the counterparties to such agreements are in material
compliance with the terms and conditions of such agreements.

(f)
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(f), with respect to all Licensed Intellectual Property:

(i)
the Company is in compliance in all respects with each agreement granting to the Company the right or license to use the Licensed Intellectual
Property;

(ii)
no royalties, honorariums or fees are payable by the Company to any Person by reason of the Companys ownership or use of any of
the Licensed Intellectual Property;

30

(iii)
there have been no claims made against the Company or against the Licensed Intellectual Property asserting the invalidity, abuse, misuse
or unenforceability of any of the Licensed Intellectual Property;

(iv)
the Company or the licensor of any Licensed Intellectual Property has not made any claim of any violation, misappropriation or infringement
by others of any of the Licensed Intellectual Property or interests therein and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no grounds for any
such claims exist;

(v)
the Company has not received any notice that it is in conflict with or infringing upon the asserted intellectual property rights of others
in connection with the Licensed Intellectual Property, and neither the Companys use of the Licensed Intellectual Property nor
the operation of the Companys business is infringing or has infringed upon any intellectual property rights of others;

(vi)
the Licensed Intellectual Property is sufficient and, together with the Company Intellectual Property, includes all intellectual property
rights necessary for the Company to lawfully conduct its business as presently being conducted;

(vii)
no interest in any of the Licensed Intellectual Property has been assigned, transferred, licensed or sublicensed by the Company to any
Person other than Buyer pursuant to this Agreement;

(viii)
to the extent any of the Licensed Intellectual Property constitutes proprietary or confidential information, the Company has used and
does use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard such information and prevent its disclosure; and

(ix)
none of the Licensed Intellectual Property is subject to termination or cancellation at or following the Closing as a result of the Transactions.

(g)
The Company has implemented commercially reasonable policies, procedures and adequate safeguards to protect and maintain its Trade Secrets,
confidential information and all information and data of customers in possession of the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.15(g),
each employee of the Company has executed the Companys form of confidentiality and non-disclosure Contract, and each Contract
with the Companys independent contractors and consultants contains appropriate confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions.

(h)
Schedule 3.15(h) contains a complete and accurate list of all Software utilized in the business of Company under which Company
is a licensee, lessee, or otherwise has obtained the right to use such software other than licenses for Software that is readily available
through an off-the-shelf, click-through or shrink-wrap license. All license agreements relating to such licensed Software are listed
on Schedule 3.15(e), and correct and complete copies of such license agreements have been made available to Buyer. Company has
not received written notice of any breach or default by Company with respect to such licensed Software, and to the Knowledge of the Company,
there is no breach or default by Company with respect to such licensed Software.

31

(i)
Schedule 3.15(i) lists all Software or other material that is or contains freeware, free software,
open source software or is distributed under a similar licensing or distribution model (including the GNU General Public
License or any Lesser version thereof) that (i) the Company licenses to a third party; (ii) the Company uses in connection
with any Company products or services; (iii) the Company provides on a software-as-a-service or similar basis; or (iv) is otherwise incorporated
into, combined with, or distributed in conjunction with any Company products or services (collectively, Incorporated Open
Source Software) and identifies the type of license or distribution model governing its use. The Companys use and/or
distribution of each component of Incorporated Open Source Software with or in Software owned by Company complies with all material provisions
of the applicable license agreement, and in no case does such use or distribution give rise under such license agreement to any rights
in any third parties under any Company Intellectual Property or obligations for the Company with respect to any Company Intellectual
Property, including without limitation any obligation to disclose or distribute any such Company Intellectual Property in source code
form, to license any such Company Intellectual Property for the purpose of making derivative works, or to distribute any such Company
Intellectual Property without charge.

(j)
The Company uses commercially reasonable measures designed to ensure that all Software owned by Company is free from material defects
that would prevent the same from performing in accordance with its specifications and advertised features and is free of all viruses,
worms, trojan horses, time bombs, back doors, and other infections or harmful
routines designed to disrupt, disable, harm, distort or otherwise impede in any manner the legitimate operation of such software, or
any other associated software, firmware, hardware, computer system or network (collectively, Contaminants).
Company exercises commercially reasonable measures to protect and maintain the Company Intellectual Property and the confidentiality,
security and operation of their Software, websites, systems and networks (and the data and transactions transmitted thereby).

(k)
The Company has technology systems sufficient for the Company to operate its business as currently conducted and as reasonable contemplated
to be conducted. The Company has taken reasonable steps and implemented reasonable procedures to ensure that information technology systems
used in connection with the operation of the Company are free from Contaminants. The Company has appropriate disaster recovery plans,
procedures and facilities for the operation of its business as currently conducted and as reasonably contemplated to be conducted, and
has taken all reasonable steps consistent with (or exceeding) industry standards to safeguard the information technology systems utilized
in the operation of the business of the Company as it is currently conducted or reasonably contemplated to be conducted.

3.16
Equipment and Other Tangible Property. The Companys equipment, furniture, machinery, vehicles, fixtures and other
tangible property included in its Properties (Tangible Company Properties) is suitable for the purposes for
which they are intended and in good operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear excepted. The Tangible Company Properties
include all assets, rights and interests reasonably required for the continued conduct of the Company.

32

3.17
Permits; Environmental Matters.

(a)
The Company has all Permits necessary for the Company to own, operate, use and/or maintain its Properties and to conduct its business
and operations as presently conducted. All such Permits are in effect, no proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened to modify, suspend or revoke, withdraw, terminate or otherwise limit any such Permits, and no administrative or governmental
actions have been taken or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in connection with the expiration or renewal of such Permits
which could adversely affect the ability of the Company to own, operate, use or maintain any of its Properties or to conduct its business
and operations as presently conducted. Without limiting the foregoing, no violations have occurred that remain uncured, unwaived or otherwise
unresolved, or are occurring in respect of any such Permits, other than inconsequential violations.

(b)
The Company has not, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no other Person has, disposed of or Discharged any Hazardous Materials, arranged
for the disposal or Discharge of any Hazardous Materials or exposed any employee or other Person to any Hazardous Materials or condition,
or owned or operated its business, or any Leased Premises or facility so as to give rise to any material Liability (contingent or otherwise)
or material corrective action or remedial obligation of the Company under any Environmental Laws, or any Legal Requirements. There has
not been any disposal or Discharge of Hazardous Materials by any predecessor or any former owner, operator or tenant of any Leased Premises,
which could give rise to any material Liability (contingent or otherwise) or material corrective action or remedial obligation of the
Company under any Environmental Laws, or any Legal Requirements.

(c)
A copy of all studies, audits, assessments, reports or investigations concerning compliance with, or liability or obligations under,
any Environmental Law affecting the Company and the Leased Premises that is in the possession or control of the Company has been made
available to Buyer by the Company.

3.18
Customers and Suppliers. Schedule 3.18 sets forth a complete and accurate list of (a) the twenty (20) largest customers
of the Company, measured by aggregate billings over a trailing twelve (12) month period as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
and (b) the top ten (10) suppliers of materials, products or services to the Company, measured by the aggregate amount purchased by the
Company over a trailing twelve (12) month period as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Companys relationships with
the customers and the suppliers required to be listed on Schedule 3.18 are good commercial working relationships and no such customer
or supplier has cancelled, terminated or otherwise altered (including any reduction in the rate or amount of sales or purchases, increases
in the prices charged or paid, or change to the supply or credit terms, as the case may be) or notified the Company of any intention
to do any of the foregoing or otherwise threatened to cancel, terminate or alter (including any reduction in the rate or amount of sales
or purchases, in the prices charged or paid, or change to the supply or credit terms, as the case may be) its relationship with the Company.
The Company has not received notice that any customer intends to return products other than in the ordinary course of business and, in
any case, not in an amount greater than Ten Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($10,000.00). To the Knowledge of the Company, there exists no
condition or state of facts or circumstances that: (i) adversely impacts such customers or suppliers; or (ii) otherwise involves customers
or suppliers of or to the Company that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

33

3.19
Absence of Certain Business Practices. Neither the Company nor any Affiliate or agent of any of them, or any other Person
acting on behalf of or associated with the Company, acting alone or together, has (a) received, directly or indirectly, any rebates,
payments, commissions, promotional allowances or any other economic benefits, regardless of their nature or type, from any customer,
vendor, employee or agent of any customer or vendor; or (b) directly or indirectly given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar
benefit to any customer, vendor, employee or agent of any customer or vendor, any official or employee of any government (domestic or
foreign), or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign), or other Person who was, is or may be in a position to
help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist the Company in connection with any actual or proposed transaction), in each case
of (a) or (b), which (i) may subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding,
or (ii) if not given in the past, may have had an adverse effect on the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company; or
(c) established or maintained any fund or asset that has not been recorded in the books and records of the Company.

3.20
Operations of the Business.

(a)
To the Knowledge of the Company, neither any Seller nor any of the Companys employees, representatives or agents has made any
marketing or advertising claims, statements or representations that any such Person knows or has reason to believe is or was false, and
there is no basis for any claim to be made against the Company that (i) arises from or that relates to any marketing or advertising claims,
statements or representations made by the Company or any of its employees, representatives or agents or any of the other parties related
to the services offered by the Company, and (ii) would either individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(b)
Schedule 3.20(b) sets forth a list of all authorizations, consents, approvals, franchises, licenses and permits required by any
Person (other than a Governmental Authority) for the operation of the business of the Company as presently operated (Other
Person Authorizations). All of the Other Person Authorizations have been duly issued or obtained and are in full force
and effect, and the Company is in compliance with the terms of all the Other Person Authorizations. No Seller has knowledge of any facts
that could be expected to cause any Seller to believe that the Other Person Authorizations will not be renewed by the appropriate Person
in the ordinary course.

(c)
Schedule 3.20(c) sets forth a list of all certifications issued to the Company by any Person.

3.21
Labor. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.21:

(a)
The Company (i) has withheld and reported all amounts required by Legal Requirements or by Contract to be withheld and reported with
respect to wages, salaries and other payments to its employees and independent contractors, (ii) is not liable for any arrears of
wages or any Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with the Legal Requirements applicable to the foregoing, (iii) is not liable
for any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of any Governmental Authority with respect to
unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for its employees (other than routine payments
to be made in the normal course of business and consistent with past practice), (iv) has no leased employees, and (v) has no
individual independent contractors who have provided services to it for a period of six (6) consecutive months or longer.

34

(b)
The Company is employing only individuals who are lawfully permitted to work in the United States, and maintains records related thereto
as required by applicable law. The Company has never been notified of any, and there are no pending or threatened, investigations by
any branch or department of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), or other federal agency charged
with administration and enforcement of federal immigration laws concerning the Company. The Company has never received any no
match notices from ICE, the Social Security Administration or the IRS.

(c)
The Company has properly classified for all times prior to the Closing Date independent contractors and W-2 employees, and exempt and
non-exempt employees, and has paid all Taxes required to be paid related to said independent contractors and employees.

(d)
The Company has never been a party to any collective bargaining agreement or any labor union contract. To the Knowledge of the Company,
there are and have been no labor unions representing or engaged in any organizing activity with respect to any employees of the Company.
There are and have been no strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, lockouts or other labor disputes pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against or involving the Company. No grievance or arbitration demand or Proceeding pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement
is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, has been threatened against the Company that involves an attempt by any labor organization
to extend its jurisdiction or representation rights, or apply its collective bargaining agreement, to the Company.

(e)
There are no Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in respect of which any director, officer, member, employee
or independent contractor may be entitled to claim indemnification from the Company.

(f)
Schedule 3.21(f) contains a true, correct, and complete list of the following information, as of the Business Day immediately
prior to Closing, for each employee or independent contractor of the Company, including each employee on leave of absence or layoff status
or on assignment: name; department; Business segment; job title; hourly or annual salary paid or payable, and if, on leave of absence
or layoff status, type of leave and expected date of return; aggregate compensation paid to such Person for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 by the Company (including bonuses and/or commissions); work location; and exempt/non-exempt classification.

(g)
To the Knowledge of the Company, no employee, independent contractor, officer or director of the Company is a party to, or is otherwise
bound by, any agreement or arrangement, including any confidentiality, noncompetition, or proprietary rights agreement, between such
individual and any other Person that in any way adversely affects or will affect (i) the performance of his or her duties as an employee,
independent contractor, officer or director of the Company, or (ii) the ability of the Company to conduct its business. No employee,
independent contractor, officer or director has communicated to the Company, or to any of its officers or directors, that such Person
intends to cancel or otherwise terminate such Persons employment or service as a result of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

35

(h)
The Company has not made any commitment or agreement to increase the compensation payable, or to modify the conditions or terms of
employment or service of, any employee, independent contractor, officer or director, except increases occurring in the customary
practices or in accordance with existing agreements and changes required by applicable law.

3.22 Transactions
With Affiliates. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.22 and except for normal advances to employees
consistent with past practices, payment of compensation for employment to employees consistent with past practices, and
participation in scheduled Plans or benefit programs or Agreements by employees, the Company has not purchased, acquired or leased
any property or services from, or sold, transferred or leased any property or services to, or loaned or advanced any money to, or
borrowed any money from, or entered into or been subject to any management, consulting or similar agreement with, or engaged in any
other transaction with any Seller or any other officer, manager or member of the Company or any of its/her/his respective
Affiliates. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.22, no Seller nor any other Affiliate of the Company is directly or
indirectly indebted to the Company for money borrowed or other loans or advances, and the Company is not directly or indirectly
indebted to any such Person.

3.23 Brokers
or Finders Fees. Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.23, all negotiations relating to this Agreement
and the Transactions have been carried out without the intervention of any Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Seller in
such a manner as to give rise to any valid claim against Buyer or the Company for any brokerage fee, finders fee or similar
compensation.

3.24 Title
to Assets; Sufficiency. The Company has good and valid title to all of its Properties, free and clear of any and all Liens,
and no Person other than the Company holds any interest in any of the Companys Properties. The Properties of the Company
constitute, as of the Closing Date, all of the properties, rights, interests and other tangible and intangible assets reasonably
necessary to enable the Company to conduct the Companys business (as of the Closing) following the Closing in the manner in
which such business is being conducted as of the date hereof.

3.25 Solvency.
The Company is able to pay its debts generally as they become due and is solvent and will not be as of immediately after the
Closing, rendered insolvent as a result of the Transactions. The Company is not in breach or default of any obligation owed to any
creditor for borrowed money or any other creditor who may have a Lien on any of its rights and assets. The Company has not, either
voluntarily or involuntarily, (a) admitted in writing that it is or may become unable to pay its debts generally as they become due,
(b) filed or consented to the filing against it of a petition in bankruptcy or a petition to take advantage of an insolvency act,
(c) made an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (d) consented to the appointment of a receiver for itself or for the whole
or any substantial part of its property, (e) had a petition in bankruptcy filed against it, (f) been adjudged as bankrupt or filed a
petition or answer seeking reorganization or arrangement under the federal bankruptcy Legal Requirements or any other Legal
Requirements, or (g) incurred or reasonably should have believed it would incur, debts that are or will be beyond its ability to pay
as such debts mature.

36

3.26
Data Privacy and Security; HIPAA and Privacy Compliance.

(a)
The Company is not a covered entity, as that term is defined in 45 C.F.R. 160.103, but the Company is, at times,
a business associate and therefore subject to, and in compliance with, the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable
Health Information, Security Standards for the Protection of Electronic Protected Health Information and Standards for Notification in
the Case of Breach of Unsecured Protected Health Information, all as promulgated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
in accordance with the Administrative Simplification provisions of HIPAA. The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with
(i) all applicable Data Privacy and Security Laws, including the implementation of privacy and security policies and training programs
reasonably calculated to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of HIPAAs privacy, security, and breach notification
regulations and the applicable Data Privacy and Security Laws, (ii) the privacy, security and breach notification requirements and standards
of other Persons with which the Company has explicitly and contractually agreed to comply (collectively, the Privacy Policies),
and (iii) all obligations and responsibilities under any and all Contracts (including business associate agreements) to which the Company
is a party that require the Company to protect the confidentiality, integrity or security of health information relating to an individual.
The Company has executed a valid business associate agreement with each covered entity for which it is a business associate and with
each Subcontractor (as such term is defined in HIPAA) of the Company, each of which business associate agreements is and has been valid
throughout the period of time during which Company and such third party were in a business associate relationship as defined by HIPAA
and PHI was accessed, used, disclosed or maintained pursuant to such business associate relationship. Except as set forth in Schedule
3.26(a), the Company has complied, in all material respects, with all rules, policies, and procedures adopted, reviewed and revised
by the Company from time to time and as applicable with respect to the Privacy Policies and the privacy, security, data protection, collection
and use of personally identifiable information by Company.

(b)
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.26(b), (i) the Company has at all times been in material compliance with all applicable Legal
Requirements relating to privacy, security, data protection and the access, collection, disclosure, maintenance, transmission and use
of personally identifiable information, including HIPAA and other Data Privacy and Security Laws, and (ii) no claims, actions, suits,
investigations, inquiries or proceedings have been asserted, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, by any Person or in writing,
or commenced against the Company related to Data Privacy and Security Law or the Privacy Policies or alleging a violation of any Persons
privacy rights.

(c)
The Company has a system that maintains information relating to the disclosure of PHI appropriate to providing an accounting of disclosures
under HIPAA or other applicable laws, including the date of the disclosure, the name and address (if known) of the Person who received
the information; a brief description of the PHI disclosed; and a brief statement of the purpose of the disclosure that may reasonably
informs an individual of the basis for the disclosure.

37

(d)
With respect to all personally identifiable health information described in Section 3.26(b), the Company has taken all reasonable
and appropriate steps (including implementing and monitoring compliance with adequate measures with respect to technical and physical
security) to protect such information against loss and against unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure, or other misuse. The
Company maintains systems, policies and procedures reasonably intended to respond to complaints received alleging violation of applicable
privacy or security standards and to identify and report all Breaches of Unsecured PHI (as such term is defined under HIPAA)
and any other reportable event pursuant to the Data Privacy and Security Laws, in accordance with the Companys legal and contractual
obligations.

(e)
The Company has had no unauthorized access, disclosure, maintenance or use of personal data, or successful Security Incident
or Breach of Unsecured PHI (as those terms are defined under HIPAA) (together, a Security Event),
that is or was required to be reported to individuals, a governmental agency or media or required to be reported under any other Data
Privacy and Security Law. All Security Events are identified in Schedule 3.26(e) and have been documented and reported to affected
individuals, to federal and state Governmental Authorities and any other Person in material compliance with applicable Legal Requirements,
Contracts, and Privacy Policies. The Company has not materially breached any material term of any Business Associate Agreement or become
aware of a material breach by a downstream business associate, vendor or Subcontractor (as such term is defined under HIPAA).

(f)
The Company has delivered to Buyer true, correct and complete copies of all Business Associate Agreements with, or under which the Company
is a business associate, subcontractor or a covered entity (as such terms are defined under HIPAA) with respect to the customers set
forth on Schedule 3.18.

(g)
The Company does not access, collect, maintain or transmit any sensitive, personally identifiable information outside of the United States
of America in a manner that would subject it to any international information laws or state or federal offshoring requirements.

3.27
Account Maintenance. Since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company has not taken any action outside of the ordinary course
of business to (a) accelerate the billing or collection of its accounts receivable, (b) delay the payment of its accounts payable, (c)
monetize deposits the Company has in place with any Person, including vendors and landlords, or (d) accelerate the receipt of rebates
from any vendors that, collectively, has, or would reasonably be expected to have, an effect greater than Twenty-Five Thousand and No/100
Dollars ($25,000.00), in the aggregate, on the net working capital of the Company as of the Closing.

3.28
No OFAC Investigations. Neither the Company nor, to its Knowledge, any of its directors, officers, employees or agents
is a Person who is: (a) currently the subject of any investigation by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of Treasury (OFAC)
or any other Governmental Authority pursuant to any Laws administered by OFAC or any other Governmental Authority (Sanctions
Investigation); or (b) directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any Person who is currently the subject of any Sanctions
Investigation.

38

3.29
Product Liability. Schedule 3.29 sets forth, all pending claims, and all claims threatened in writing against the
Company or to which the Company was a party during the past five (5) years, for product liability, warranty, material back charge, material
additional work, or other claims by any third party (whether based on contract or tort and whether relating to personal injury, including
death, property damage or economic loss) arising from: (i) services rendered by the Company; or (ii) the production or distribution records
by or services of the Company. All services rendered and products sold by the Company have been in conformity with all contractual commitments
and all express and implied warranties, and the Company has no Liability in connection therewith. No services or products provided by
the Company are subject to any guaranty, warranty, or other indemnity beyond the Companys standard written terms and conditions
of sale, true, correct and complete copies of which have been delivered to Buyer.

3.30 Banking
Facilities. Schedule 3.30 sets forth a true, correct and complete list of each bank, savings and loan or similar
financial institution with which the Company has an account or safety deposit box or other arrangement, and any numbers or other
identifying codes of such accounts, safety deposit boxes or such other arrangements maintained by the Company thereat.

3.31 Other
Business Activities. Since December 31, 2021 and as of the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its directors,
officers, shareholders, agents, employees or any other Person acting for or on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, has
engaged in (a) activities related to the expansion of access to health information and the seamless exchange of healthcare data or
other interoperability activities, or (b) providing ancillary clinical services, including, but not limited to, insurance
verification and 340B drug pricing and discount eligibility consulting.

ARTICLE
IV

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

Buyer
represents and warrants to Sellers that:

4.1 Existence
and Qualification. Buyer is a Delaware corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware. Buyer has the limited liability company power to own, manage, lease and hold its properties and to carry on
its business as and where such properties are presently located and such business is presently conducted.

4.2 Authority,
Approval and Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Buyer and Buyer has all requisite
limited liability company power and legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and all Collateral Agreements executed and
delivered or to be executed and delivered by Buyer in connection with the transactions provided for hereby, to consummate the
Transactions, and to perform its obligations hereunder and under the Collateral Agreements. The execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions have been duly and validly
authorized and approved by all necessary limited liability company action on the part of Buyer. This Agreement and each Collateral
Agreement to which Buyer is a party constitutes, or upon execution and delivery will constitute, the legal, valid and binding
obligation of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by general equitable
principles or by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar Legal Requirements and judicial decisions from time to
time in effect which affect creditors rights generally, including the enforceability of creditors rights generally,
and general equitable principles.

39

4.3 No
Default or Consents. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the carrying out of the Transactions
will:

(a)
violate or conflict with any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the Organizational Documents of Buyer;

(b)
violate any Legal Requirements applicable to Buyer;

(c)
violate, conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under (whether with or without notice or the lapse of time or both),
or accelerate or permit the acceleration of the performance required by, or give any other party the right to terminate, any Contract
or Permit binding upon or applicable to Buyer;

(d)
result in the creation of any Lien on any properties of Buyer; or

(e)
require Buyer to obtain or make any waiver, consent, action, approval or authorization of, or registration, declaration, notice or filing
with, any private non-governmental third party or any Governmental Authority.

4.4
No Proceedings. No suit, action or other proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened before any Governmental
Authority seeking to restrain Buyer or prohibit its entry into this Agreement or prohibit the Closing, or seeking Damages against Buyer
or any of its properties as a result of the consummation of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
V

COVENANTS

5.1 Acquisition
Proposals. From the date hereof until the Closing, neither the Seller Representative, the Company, nor any Seller Party
shall, nor shall any of them authorize or permit any of their respective Affiliates or representatives to, directly or indirectly,
(a) take any action to solicit, initiate or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal, (b) engage in any discussions or
negotiations with, furnish any nonpublic information relating to the Company or afford access to the properties, assets, books or
records of the Company or otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any
effort by any third party that is seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal or a modification of a previously received
Acquisition Proposal or (c) enter into any agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal. Acquisition
Proposal means, other than the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any third party offer, proposal or
inquiry relating to, or any third party indication of interest in, any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, whether by way
of asset purchase, stock purchase, merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination or otherwise, of the equity interests
or any material assets of the Company (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business) or any other transaction
the consummation of which could reasonably be expected to frustrate the purposes of, impede, interfere with, prevent or materially
delay the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or that could reasonably be expected to dilute materially the benefits to the
Buyer of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

40

5.2 Public
Disclosure. The Buyer and the Seller Representative shall consult with each other before issuing any press release or other
public statements (and none of the Buyer, the Seller Representative or any Seller or the Company shall, and shall cause their
respective representatives not to, issue any press release or other public statements prior to such consultation) with respect to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and shall not, and shall cause their respective representatives not to, issue any
such press release or make any such public statement without the prior written consent of the Buyer, on the one hand, and the Seller
Representative, on the other hand, except to the extent, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, required by Legal Requirement, in
which case, if permitted by Legal Requirement, the Buyer and the Seller Representative shall have the opportunity to review and
comment prior to disclosure.

5.3 Further
Assurances. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the Parties agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable Legal Requirements to consummate and make effective the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5.4 Operation
of the Business. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, or permitted in writing by the Buyer, at all times from
and after the date of this Agreement until the Closing or termination of this Agreement, the Company will (and Sellers will cause
the Company to), conduct its business and operations in the ordinary course of business and use its commercially reasonable efforts
to preserve intact its business organization, to keep available the services of its current officers and employees and to preserve
the goodwill of and maintain in all material respects its relationships with those Persons with whom it has business relationships.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or the Collateral
Agreements, the Company and Sellers agree as follows:

(a)
In conducting its business in the ordinary course of business, the Company will (and Sellers will cause the Company to), do the
following:

(i)
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain its assets and properties (including the Leased Real Property) in good working order
and condition;

(ii)
maintain insurance in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are currently in effect;

(iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain customer and supplier relationships in good order consistent with past practice; and

(iv)
reasonably cooperate with the Buyer during this period to facilitate the Transactions contemplated under this Agreement.

41

(b)
In conducting its Business in the ordinary course of business, the Company will not (and Sellers will cause the Company not to), not
to (without the written consent of the Buyer, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):

(i)
amend or otherwise change its Organizational Documents;

(ii)
declare, set aside, make or pay any non-cash dividends or other non-cash distributions (whether in equity interests, property or otherwise)
with respect to its equity interests;

(iii)
adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation or recapitalization;

(iv)
reclassify, combine, split, subdivide, repurchase, issue, sell, pledge, dispose of, make subject to any Lien (other than Permitted Liens)
or grant rights with respect to (whether through the issuance or granting of any options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions,
phantom equity or similar interests, rights to purchase or otherwise) any capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any
securities or other instruments convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other equity interests
of the Company;

(v)
sell, transfer, dispose of, lease, license or pledge make or subject to any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), any of (i)
the Leased Real Property or (ii) any of its other properties or assets having a value in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate,

(vi)
acquire or agree to acquire, including by merging or consolidating with, or by any other manner, (A) any business or any corporation,
partnership, joint venture, association or other business organization or division thereof or (B) any other properties or assets, in
each case, having a value in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate;

(vii)
incur any Indebtedness (A) in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate or (B) that cannot be paid off at Closing;

(viii)
(A) grant any new severance or termination pay to any officer or other employee, (B) materially increase the wages, salary or other
cash compensation payable, to any officer or other employee, other than base salary increases made in the ordinary course of
business with respect to non-officer employees, (C) adopt any new Plan or materially amend any existing Plan; (D) enter into or
amend any employment, consulting or severance agreement or arrangement with any employee, (E) pay any bonus, grant or modify any
award, or accelerate the vesting or payment of, or fund or in any other way secure the payment, compensation or benefits under, any
Plan or (F) forgive any loans, or issue any loans (other than routine travel or business expense advances issued in the ordinary
course of business), to employees in each case, other than (x) as required under the terms of an Plan in effect on the date hereof
or (y) as required by Legal Requirement;

(ix)
(A) enter into any collective bargaining agreement or recognize any union or other labor organization as the bargaining representative
with respect to any employees, or (B) hire, promote or terminate (other than for cause or material non-performance of duties, and then
upon prior consultation with the Buyer) any employee, except for hourly personnel and currently open positions in each case with notice
to Buyer;

42

(x)
institute, settle or affirmatively waive any Legal Proceeding;

(xi)
authorize or make any capital expenditures in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate;

(xii)
(A) modify, amend or terminate any Material Contract, or waive, release, relinquish or assign any Material Contract or any material rights
or claims under a Material Contract, (B) enter into any contract that would have been a Material Contract had it been in effect as of
the date hereof or (C) make, cancel or forgive any material loans or advances, or guarantees thereof for the benefit of, any other Person;

(xiii)
make any election or take any action that would cause the Company to be treated as anything other than an entity disregarded as separate
from its owner for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes;

(xiv)
make or change any material Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any method of Tax accounting, amend
any Tax Returns or file any claims for material Tax refunds, enter into any closing agreement, settle any material Tax claim, audit or
assessment or surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax liability;

(xv)
change any of the accounting principles or practices used by it;

(xvi)
enter into any new line of business or abandon or discontinue any existing line of business; and

(xvii)
agree or commit to take any of the actions described in clauses (i) through (xvi).

5.5
Financing Assistance. Sellers shall provide, and shall cause the Company and their respective Representatives to provide,
such cooperation, to assist Buyer and its Affiliates and Representatives in connection with the arrangement of the financing by certain
lenders to Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Financing) as may be
reasonably requested by Buyer, including: (i) providing to Buyer from time to time information regarding the Company and its industry
reasonably requested in writing by the parties providing the Financing and assisting with the identification of any portion of such information
that constitutes material non-public information; (ii) using commercially reasonable efforts to facilitate negotiations between Buyer
and its financing sources, upon reasonable advance notice, participating in a reasonable number of meetings, presentations, road shows,
due diligence sessions with prospective lenders and sessions with rating agencies in connection with the Financing; (iii) reviewing and
consulting with respect to the preparation of materials for rating agency presentations, offering documents, business projections and
similar marketing documents required in connection with the Financing; (iv) as promptly as practicable, furnishing Buyer and its financing
sources information reasonably requested by any of them; (v) permitting the prospective lenders to evaluate the Companys current
assets, cash management and accounting systems, policies and procedures relating thereto for the purposes of establishing collateral
arrangements and establishing bank and other accounts in connection with the foregoing; (vi) using commercially reasonable efforts to
facilitate the pledge of collateral in connection with the Financing; (vii) providing to Buyer as promptly as practicable quarterly and
monthly financial statements to the extent available and prepared by the Company in the ordinary course of business; (viii) (A) obtaining
customary documents relating to the repayment of Debt and the release of related Liens, including customary payoff letters and (B) promptly
and timely providing all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, relating to the Seller Parties and the Company, in each
case as reasonably requested by Buyer; (ix) assisting in the preparation of, and executing and delivering documents required in connection
with the Financing, including guarantee and collateral documents and customary closing certificates as may be required by Buyers
financing sources; and (x) and cooperating with Buyers legal counsel in connection with any legal opinion that such legal counsel
may be required to deliver in connection with the Financing

43

ARTICLE
VI

POST-CLOSING
OBLIGATIONS

6.1 Further
Assurances. Following the Closing, each Party shall execute and deliver such documents, and take such other action, as shall
be reasonably requested by any other Party to carry out the Transactions.

6.2 Publicity.
No Party shall issue or make, or cause to have issued or made, any public release or announcement concerning this Agreement or the
Transactions, without the advance approval in writing of the form and substance thereof by each of the other Parties, except (a) as
required by any applicable Legal Requirement (in which case, so far as possible, there shall be consultation among the Parties prior
to such announcement), and (b) customary disclosures made by Buyer and/or its Affiliates to the investment community, their
investors and to their banks and advisors.

6.3 Restrictive
Covenants. In consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price, and in order to induce Buyer to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the Transactions, each Seller Party hereby covenants and agrees as follows:

(a)
For a period of five (5) years from and after the Closing Date, no Seller Party nor any of any Seller Partys Affiliates (each
a Restricted Person) will directly or indirectly, engage in (and no Restricted Person presently contemplates
engaging in), or have any interest in any Person (other than the Company), whether as a debt or equity holder, employee, officer, director,
member, manager, partner, agent, security holder, consultant or otherwise, that, directly or indirectly, engages in the Business in any
way, within the United States (the Restricted Area); provided nothing in this Section 6.3(a)
shall be deemed to prevent such Restricted Person from acquiring through market purchases and owning, solely as a passive investment,
less than three percent (3%) in the aggregate of the equity securities of any class of any issuer to the extent such shares are registered
under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and are listed or admitted for trading on any U.S. national securities
exchange or are quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations System, or any similar system of automated
dissemination of quotations of securities prices in common use, so long as such Seller Party is not a member of any control group
(within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) of any such issuer.

44

(b)
For a period of five (5) years from and after the Closing Date, each Restricted Person will not, directly or indirectly, solicit for
employment or employ (or attempt to solicit for employment or employ), any employee of the Company, Buyer or any of their respective
subsidiaries or Affiliates; provided that each Restricted Person will not be prohibited from making general advertisements for
employment if such advertisements are not directed at such employees.

(c)
For a period of five (5) years from and after the Closing Date, each Restricted Person will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, call
on or transact or engage in any Business with any customer set forth on Schedule 3.18 or any person who was a customer of the
Company at any time during the twelve (12) months immediately prior to Closing for or on behalf of such Restricted Person or any other
Person for a purpose which is competitive with Buyer, the Company or any of the Companys subsidiaries.

(d)
Each Restricted Person acknowledges and agrees that the covenants provided for in this Section 6.3 are reasonable and necessary
for the protection of Buyers legitimate interests, that the provisions set forth herein are not unduly harsh nor oppressive in
curtailing such Restricted Persons legitimate efforts to earn a livelihood, that the restrictions herein are reasonable from a
standpoint of public policy, that the promises and covenants contained herein are supported by adequate consideration, and that the restrictions
herein in terms of scope, duration, area, line of business and all other matters are reasonably limited to protect Buyers legitimate
business interests, which include, among other, protecting (i) valuable confidential business information; (ii) substantial relationships
with customers throughout the Restricted Area; and (iii) goodwill with customers, employees, distributors, suppliers and vendors associated
with their respective businesses.

(e)
If a Restricted Person is terminated by Buyer, the restrictive period for purposes of this Section 6.3 as to that person shall
be reduced to two (2) years following the termination unless a lesser term is provided pursuant to an employment agreement. Nothing in
this Section 6.3 shall prevent a Restricted Person and/or Buyer from entering into an employment contract or other similar contract
which specifies restrictions that alter or vary the language of this section, which alterations shall control.

(f)
Except as required by Legal Requirements, no Seller Party will, directly or indirectly (on such Seller Partys own behalf or in
the service or on behalf of others or jointly with any other Person), disparage or portray in a negative light, and no Seller Party will
cause any Affiliate of any Seller Party to disparage or portray in a negative light, the Company, Buyer, or any of their current or former
directors, owners, members, managers, officers, employees, independent contractors, or Affiliates (each, a Covered Person),
with respect to such Covered Persons business reputation as it relates to the business activities conducted by the Company or
Buyer whether in public or private, including in any and all interviews, oral statements, written materials, electronically-displayed
materials, and material or information displayed on Internet-related sites.

45

(g)
No Restricted Person shall divulge, communicate, use to the detriment of the Company or for the benefit of any other Person or Persons,
or misuse in any way, any Confidential Information or Trade Secrets (collectively Company Information) pertaining
to the Company or any of its Affiliates. Any Company Information now known or hereafter acquired by such Restricted Person with respect
to the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be deemed a valuable, special and unique asset of the Company that is received by such
party in confidence and as a fiduciary, and such party shall remain a fiduciary to the Company with respect to all of such information.
In addition, such Restricted Person will (i) receive and hold all Company Information in trust and in strictest confidence, (ii) take
reasonable steps to protect the Company Information from disclosure and in no event take any action causing, or fail to take any action
reasonably necessary to prevent, any Company Information to lose its character as Company Information, (iii) except as required by law,
not, directly or indirectly, use, disseminate or otherwise disclose any Company Information to any third party without the prior written
consent of the Company, which may be withheld in the Companys absolute discretion, and (iv) not directly or indirectly use the
name DataFile, DataFile Technologies, or any derivative thereof or any other trade name used in the Business
or by the Company in any way whatsoever.

(h)
All books, records, reports, writings, notes, notebooks, computer programs, equipment, proposals, contracts, customer and referral source
lists and other documents and/or things relating in any manner to the business of the Company (including any of the same embodying or
relating to any Company Information), whether prepared by a Seller Party or otherwise coming into such partys possession, shall
be the exclusive property of the Company and shall not be copied, duplicated, replicated, transformed, modified or removed from the premises
of the Company except pursuant to the business of the Company and shall be returned immediately to the Company on the Companys
request at any time.

(i)
To the extent that any of the provisions contained in this Section 5.3 may later be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be too broad to be enforced with respect to such provisions scope, duration, area, line of business or any other matter, such
provision shall be deemed amended by limiting and reducing such provisions scope, duration, area, line of business or other matter,
as the case may be, so as to be valid and enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with the applicable laws of such jurisdiction
and this Section 5.3 as drafted, such amendment only to apply with respect to the operation of such provision in the applicable
jurisdiction in which such adjudication is made.

(j)
Each Restricted Person acknowledges and agrees that any violation of the provisions set forth above in this Section 5.3 would
result in substantial and imminent threat of or actual irreparable injury to Buyer, and that Buyer may not have an adequate remedy
at law with respect to any such violation. Accordingly, such Restricted Person agrees that, in the event of any actual or threatened
violation of this Section 5.3, Buyer shall have the right to obtain, in addition to any other remedies that may be available,
equitable relief (without the posting of bond or other security), including temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief,
to cease or prevent any actual or threatened violation of any provision hereof, and such right to equitable relief shall be
cumulative and in addition to whatever other rights or remedies Buyer and/or the Company may possess hereunder, at law or in
equity.

46

6.4 Release.
Effective as of the Closing, each Seller Party, for and on behalf of such Seller Party and on behalf of such Seller Partys
Affiliates, directors, members, employees, managers, officers, agents and representatives (Releasing
Parties) hereby acquits, releases and discharges the Company from any and all Liabilities as of the Closing to such
Releasing Parties (other than the Company) that arise out of or are in connection with the Company, except in respect of (i)
obligations under this Agreement or the Collateral Agreements that are not terminated as of the Closing Date, or (ii) any rights to
indemnification as a result of service as a manager, officer or director of the Company. Each Seller Party shall cause such
Releasing Party to use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action and to execute and
deliver such documents and other papers, as may be required to effect the release set forth in this Section 6.4. Following
the Closing, neither any Seller Party nor any Releasing Party shall seek, nor shall any of them be entitled to, reimbursement or
contribution from, subrogation to, or indemnification by the Company, under the Organizational Documents, this Agreement, applicable
Legal Requirements or otherwise, in respect of any amounts due to any Buyer Indemnified Party under Section 8.1 or otherwise
in connection with this Agreement or the Collateral Agreements. Neither a Seller Party nor any Releasing Party shall agree to make
any claims against any directors or officers insurance policy maintained or to be maintained by or for the benefit of the Company in
respect of amounts due to a Buyer Indemnified Party under Section 8.1 or otherwise in connection with this Agreement or the
Collateral Agreements.

6.5 Access
to Information. In order to facilitate the resolution of any claims made by or against or incurred by Buyer or Seller
Parties after the Closing Date or for any other reasonable purpose, for a period of two (2) years following the Closing Date, Seller
Parties and Buyer shall each (a) retain the books and records in their possession which relate to the Company for periods prior to
the Closing, and (b) upon reasonable notice, afford the officers, employees, and authorized agents and representatives of the other
party reasonable access (including the right to make photocopies), during normal business hours, to such books and
records.

6.6 Litigation
Assistance. Following the Closing, from time to time upon Buyers reasonable written request, the Seller Parties shall
reasonably cooperate with and assist Buyer (at Buyers sole cost and expense, except to the extent the Seller Parties are
obligated to indemnify Buyer against such expenses hereunder) in defending any claim or lawsuit relating to the Company or the
Seller Parties with respect to the period prior to the Closing or the operation of the Business by the Company or the Seller Parties
prior to Closing.

6.7 Affiliated
Entity Agreements. At or after the Closing, the Buyer shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the
agreements set forth on Schedule 3.22 or amend such agreements to add a most favored nation provision
satisfactory to the Buyer and its counsel.

47

ARTICLE
VII

TAX MATTERS

7.1
Representations and Obligations Regarding Taxes. Sellers, jointly and severally, hereby represent and warrant to Buyer
that:

(a)
The Company has timely filed all Tax Returns that it has been required to file. All such Tax Returns were correct and complete in all
material respects. All Taxes owed by the Company (whether or not shown on any Tax Return and whether or not any Tax Return was required)
have been paid. The Company is not currently the beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any Tax Return. No written
claim has been made by any Tax Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company does not file Tax Returns that such entity is or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Liens on any of the Properties of the Company that arose in connection with any
failure (or alleged failure) to pay any Tax, except for Liens for Taxes not yet due.

(b)
The Company has timely withheld and paid to the appropriate Tax Authority all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection
with amounts paid or owing to any Seller or any employee, independent contractor, creditor, manager, member or other third party.

(c)
There is no dispute or claim concerning any Tax liability of the Company either claimed or raised by any Tax Authority. No issue relating
to Taxes has been raised in writing by a Tax Authority during any pending audit or examination, and no issue relating to Taxes was raised
in writing by a Tax Authority in any completed audit or examination, that would reasonably be expected to have any adverse Tax effect
on the Company or Buyer after the Closing. The Company has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of all income Tax Returns and
other Tax Returns filed by or with respect to the Company, and all examination reports and statements of deficiencies received by the
Company from a Tax Authority or assessed against or agreed to by the Company, all with respect to Tax periods beginning on or after January
1, 2016.

(d)
The Company has not waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment
or deficiency.

(e)
The unpaid Taxes of the Company (i) did not, as of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (other than
any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the most
recent balance sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through
the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and practice of the Company in filing its Tax Returns.

(f)
The Company is not, nor has it ever been, a party to any joint venture, partnership or other arrangement or Contract that could be treated
as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, other than the Organizational Documents. The Company does not own, nor has it ever
owned, any equity interest in any entity.

48

(g)
All material elections currently in effect with respect to Taxes affecting the Company are disclosed or attached to a Tax Return of the
Company that has been disclosed to Buyer.

(h)
All private letter rulings issued by the IRS to the Company and all closing agreements as described in Section 7121 of the Code (and
any corresponding ruling or determination of, or any agreement with, any state, local or foreign Tax Authority) have been disclosed in
Schedule 7.1, and there are no pending requests for any such rulings (or corresponding determinations or agreement).

(i)
The Company will not be required to include any material items of income in, or exclude any material items of deduction from, taxable
income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of (i) any change in method of accounting
for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date under Section 481(c) of the Code (or any corresponding or similar provision
of state, local or foreign income Tax law); (ii) any closing agreement as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or any
corresponding or similar provision of state, local or foreign income Tax law); (iii) any installment sale or open transaction made on
or prior to the Closing Date; (iv) any prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing Date; (v) the cash basis method of accounting
or percentage of completion method of accounting; or (vi) an election under Section 108(i) of the Code.

(j)
There are no Tax sharing or allocation agreements or similar written arrangements (including indemnity arrangements) with respect to
or involving the Company, and, after the Closing Date, the Company will not be bound by any such Tax sharing or allocation agreements
or similar arrangements entered into prior to the Closing or have any liability thereunder.

(k)
The Company does not have any liability for the Taxes of any Person as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise.

(l)
The Company does not have and has not at any time had a permanent establishment in any foreign country. The Company does not engage,
and has not ever engaged, in a trade or business in any foreign country.

(m)
The Company has not entered into any transaction identified as a reportable transaction for purposes of Treasury Regulations
Sections 301.6011-4(b). If the Company has entered into any transaction such that, if the treatment claimed by it were to be disallowed,
the transaction would constitute a substantial understatement of federal income tax within the meaning of Section 6662 of the Code, then
it believes that it has either (i) substantial authority for the tax treatment of such transaction or (ii) disclosed on its Tax Returns
the relevant facts affecting the tax treatment of such transaction.

(n)
The Company is and always has been properly classified as a partnership for federal, state and local income Tax purposes.

(o)
None of (i) the goodwill, (ii) the going concern value or (iii) the other intangible assets of the Company that would not be
depreciable or amortizable but for Section 197 of the Code was held or used on or before August 10, 1993 by the Company, any
Seller or any Person who will be related to Buyer, within the meaning of Section 197(f)(9)(C) of the Code, on and after the
Closing.

49

7.2
Indemnification for Taxes.

(a)
Seller Parties shall, jointly and severally, indemnify Buyer and its Affiliates, including, after the Closing, the Company
(each herein sometimes referred to as an Indemnified Taxpayer), against, and protect, save and hold
harmless each Indemnified Taxpayer from, any and all Damages directly resulting from:

(i)
any Taxes of the Company allocable to any period ending on or prior to the Closing Date or, as provided in Section 7.3(b), allocable
to the pre-Closing portion of any period that begins on or before and ends after the Closing Date;

(ii)
any Taxes of any other Person imposed on the Company (or Buyer as a result of the Company being a disregarded entity post-Closing) (A)
as a result of any written Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreement in effect on or prior to the Closing Date, (B) as a transferee or
successor, or otherwise under applicable Legal Requirements (which Taxes described in this clause (B) relate to an event or transaction
occurring on or prior to the Closing Date), or (C) by reason of being a member, partner or similar owner of an equity interest in a partnership,
limited liability company or other entity classified as a partnership pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3 or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign Legal Requirements;

(iii)
the portion of any Transfer Taxes that are the responsibility of Sellers pursuant to Section 7.2(d); or

(iv)
any breach of or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement relating to Taxes or Tax Returns.

(b)
(i) If a written claim is made by any Tax Authority that, if successful, would result in the indemnification of an
Indemnified Taxpayer, the Indemnified Taxpayer shall promptly notify Seller Representative in writing of such fact; provided that
any failure to give such notice will not waive any rights of the Indemnified Taxpayer except to the extent the rights of the
indemnifying party are actually materially prejudiced.

(ii)
Seller Representative shall have the right to defend against any claim under subsection (b)(i) at Sellers expense and
with counsel of Seller Representatives choice so long as (A) Buyer is kept reasonably informed of the status and progress of
such claim and related proceedings, (B) Buyer and Buyers counsel are allowed to participate at Buyers expense in such
claim and related proceedings, (C) Seller Representatives counsel with respect to such claim is approved by Buyer in its
reasonable discretion and Seller Representative conducts the defense of the claim actively and diligently, and (D) if the applicable
Indemnified Taxpayer is requested to pay the Tax claimed and sue for a refund, and if so requested by Buyer, Sellers shall have
advanced to such Indemnified Taxpayer, on an interest free basis, the full amount such Indemnified Taxpayer is requested to pay. If
any of the conditions in clauses (A) through (D) above is or becomes unsatisfied, then (x) Buyer and the applicable Indemnified
Taxpayer may defend against, and consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement with respect to, the claim in any
manner it may deem appropriate (and neither Buyer nor any Indemnified Taxpayer need consult with, or obtain any consent from,
Sellers or Seller Representative in connection therewith), (y) Sellers will reimburse Buyer and the Indemnified Taxpayer promptly
and periodically for the costs of defending against the claim (including reasonable attorneys, accountants and
experts fees and disbursements) and (z) Sellers will remain responsible for any Damages Buyer or any other Indemnified
Taxpayer may suffer to the fullest extent provided in this Section 7.2.

50

(iii)
Seller Representative shall not be entitled to settle or to contest any claim relating to Taxes without the consent of Buyer, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, if, in the good faith judgment of Buyer, the settlement of, or an adverse
judgment with respect to, the claim would reasonably be expected to adversely affect any Indemnified Taxpayer.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the indemnification obligations of the Seller Parties under this Article
VI shall survive the Closing until sixty (60) days following the end of the applicable statutes of limitations. With respect to any
indemnification obligation for any Tax for which a Tax Authority asserts a claim within ninety (90) days before the end of the applicable
statute of limitations, an Indemnified Taxpayer shall be treated as having provided timely notice to such Seller Party by providing written
notice to Seller Representative on or before the ninetieth (90th) day after the Indemnified Taxpayers receipt of a written assertion
of the claim by the Tax Authority.

(d)
Sellers, on the one hand, and Buyer, on the other hand, shall divide evenly the financial responsibility for all transfer, documentary,
sales, use, stamp, registration and other such Taxes and fees (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this
Agreement (Transfer Taxes), and Seller Representative will file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation
with respect to all such Transfer Taxes, and, if required by applicable Legal Requirements, Buyer will, and will cause its Affiliates
to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation.

7.3
Additional Agreements.

(a)
Sellers, on the one hand and Buyer, on the other hand, agree to cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other
Party, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes. Buyer and Seller
Representative shall cooperate with each other in the conduct of any legal proceeding relating to Taxes involving the Company.

51

(b)
The Company shall be responsible, at the expense of Sellers, for preparing and filing, or causing to be prepared and filed, all Tax
Returns of the Company with respect to Tax periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date, that have an initial due date (including
duly-filed extensions) that is after the Closing Date. With respect to any such Tax Returns, the Company shall furnish a completed
copy of such Tax Return to Buyer for Buyers review and comment not later than fifteen (15) days before the due date for
filing such Tax Return (including extensions thereof). Any such Tax Return relating to federal income Taxes shall include an election
meeting the requirements of Treasury Regulations section 1.754-1 that will apply to the tax year ending on the Closing Date (unless
such election is already in effect for the Company). Buyer will file or cause the Company to file all other Company Tax Returns
following the Closing. Seller Representative shall pay to the Company not less than five (5) days before the date on which Taxes are
due (i) with respect to Tax periods ending on or before the Closing Date, the amount due with the filing of the Tax Return for such
Tax period and (ii) with respect to Tax periods beginning on or before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date, the
portion of the amount due with the filing of the Tax Return for such Tax period that relates to the portion of the taxable period
ending on the Closing Date. For purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any period that begins on or before the Closing Date and
ends after the Closing Date, any Tax based directly or indirectly on gross or net income or receipts, wages or other compensation or
imposed in respect of specific transactions shall be allocated by assuming that the taxable period ended on the Closing Date, and
any other Tax shall be allocated based on the number of days in the taxable period ending on the Closing Date divided by the total
number of days in the taxable period.

(c)
With regard to Tax Returns of the Company for Tax periods beginning on or after the Closing Date, if Buyer in good faith determines and
notifies Seller Representative that applicable Legal Requirements require that Tax Returns be filed by the Company in a particular jurisdiction
(even if the Company has not previously filed Tax Returns in such jurisdiction, or has not filed that type of Tax Return in such jurisdiction),
Seller Representative shall cause the Company to prepare and to file such Tax Returns, at the Sellers expense, on a timely basis
(or, if the due date for filing any such Tax Return has already passed as of such time, as promptly as practicable).

(d)
If there is any dispute between Buyer and Sellers regarding this Section 7.3, whether or not a particular Tax Return is required
by applicable Legal Requirements to be filed in accordance with this Section 7.3, which dispute remains unresolved after good
faith efforts by such parties to negotiate a resolution of such dispute have failed over a period of thirty (30) days, the remaining
unresolved issues shall be referred to the Accounting Referee to be resolved in the general manner set forth in Section 1.3(d).

ARTICLE
VIII

INDEMNIFICATION
MATTERS

8.1
Post-Closing Indemnity.

(a)
Subject to the provisions of this Article VIII, from and after the Closing, Seller Parties shall, jointly and
severally, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates (including, after the Closing, the Company, but excluding Sellers),
and their respective managers, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, advisors, successors and assigns (each, a
Buyer Indemnified Party and collectively, the Buyer Indemnified Parties)
from and against any and all Damages arising out of, resulting from or in any way related to the following:

(i)
a breach of (or an alleged breach arising from an Indemnification Claim arising from an allegation by a third party that, if
true, would be a breach of), or inaccuracy or misrepresentation in, any of the representations or warranties made by Sellers in this
Agreement or any Collateral Agreement;

52

(ii)
a breach or default in performance by any Seller or the Company of any covenant or agreement of such Seller or Company contained in this
Agreement or any Collateral Agreement;

(iii)
any Funded Obligation of the Company that is not retired at Closing or otherwise taken into account in the calculation of the Closing
Cash Payment pursuant to Section 2.2;

(iv)
any pending or threatened Legal Proceedings disclosed or required to be disclosed on Schedule 3.6;

(v)
the operations of the Company prior to the Closing Date;

(vi)
the failure to register as a foreign company to conduct business in any state; or

(vii)
any ERC payments for which the Company was not eligible.

(b)
Subject to the provisions of this Article VII, from and after the Closing, Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Sellers from and against any and all Damages arising out of, resulting from or in any way related to the following:

(i)
a breach of, or inaccuracy in, any of the representations or warranties made by Buyer in this Agreement or any Collateral Agreement,
or

(ii)
a breach or default in performance by Buyer of any covenant or agreement of Buyer contained in this Agreement or any Collateral Agreement.

8.2
Survival of Representations and Warranties.

(a)
The representations, warranties, agreements and indemnities of Buyer and Seller Parties set forth in this Agreement or in connection
with the Transactions shall survive the Closing except as expressly provided in Section 8.2(b).

(b)
The representations and warranties of Buyer and Sellers contained in Article III and Article IV or in the Collateral Agreements
shall survive the Closing and continue until at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the date that is two (2) years following the Closing Date,
after which time such representations and warranties shall terminate; provided that:

(i)
the representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in Section 3.1 (Existence and Qualification), Section
3.2 (Authority, Approval and Enforceability), Section 3.3 (Capitalization and Company Records), Section 3.4 (No
Seller Defaults or Consents), Section 3.5 (No Company or Other Defaults or Consents), Section 3.22 (Transactions with
Affiliates), and Section 3.23 (Brokers or Finders Fees) shall survive the Closing indefinitely, and

53

(ii)
the representations and warranties of Sellers set forth in Section 3.7 (Employee Benefit Matters), Section 3.17
(Permits; Environmental Matters), Section 3.26 (Data Privacy & Security; HIPAA & Privacy Compliance) and Section
3.29 (Product Liability) shall survive until at 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on the date that is sixty (60) days following the
expiration of the applicable statute of limitations (after giving effect to any extension or tolling thereof) with respect to the
particular matter that is the subject matter thereof (the representations and warranties listed in subsections (i) and (ii),
collectively, the Fundamental Representations; all other representations and warranties, the
Non-Fundamental Representations) (in each of subparts (i)-(iii), the period between the Closing Date and
such survival end date for such representation or matter, the Survival Period).

(c)
Seller Representative shall receive notice in writing from Buyer of Buyers claim under said indemnity on or before expiration
of the applicable Survival Period, and Buyer shall receive notice in writing from Seller Representative of any Sellers claim under
said indemnity on or before expiration of the applicable Survival Period. If any such claim is received by such Party in accordance with
this Section 8.2(c) and otherwise in accordance with the procedures in Section 8.5, the relevant survival period of the
representations and warranties applicable to the set of facts set forth in such claim shall be extended automatically to include any
time period necessary until all claims with respect to such facts shall have been finally settled, decided or adjudicated.

(d)
The covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive Closing according to their terms.

(e)
The obligations of (i) Seller Parties to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer Indemnified Parties and (ii) Buyer to indemnify and hold
harmless Seller Parties, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii) foregoing, for any claim based on Fraud, shall not terminate.

(f)
The limitations set forth in this Section 8.2 shall not apply to Fraud, or any breaches of or obligations to comply with any of
the other provisions of this Agreement, regardless of whether any such breach or obligation also constitutes a breach or obligation under
any of the provisions specifically listed in this Section 8.2.

8.3
Limitation on Liability.

(a)
Materiality. For purposes of the indemnification contemplated by Section 8.1(a)(i) (including with respect to the determination
of whether a breach has occurred and the calculation of Damages), all qualifications and exceptions contained in the Article III
and Article VI representations and warranties relating to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or words of similar impact (but
not specific dollar thresholds) shall be disregarded.

(b)
Baskets.

(i) Seller
Basket Related to Seller Non-Fundamental Representations. Seller Parties shall not be required to indemnify Buyer pursuant to,
and shall not have any liability under, Section 8.1(a)(i) until the aggregate amount of all Damages for which the Seller
Parties would, but for this Section 8.3(b)(i), be liable under this Article VIII exceeds on a cumulative basis an
amount equal to $200,000.00 (the Seller Basket), in which case the Seller Parties shall be obligated to
indemnify Buyer for all Damages including the Seller Basket amount; provided, however, that the Seller Basket shall
not apply to any Damages related to any inaccuracy or breach of any Fundamental Representation, any provision of Article VII
or any claim based on Fraud.

54

(ii)
Buyer Basket Related to Representations. Buyer shall not be required to indemnify any Seller pursuant to, and shall not have any
liability under, Section 8.1(b)(i) until the aggregate amount of all Damages for which Buyer would, but for this Section 8.3(b)(ii),
be liable under this Article VII exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount equal to the $200,000.00 (the Buyer Basket),
in which case Buyer shall be obligated to indemnify the Sellers for all Damages including the Buyer Basket amount; provided, however,
that the Buyer Basket shall not apply to any Damages related to any claim based on Fraud.

(c)
Caps.

(i)
Seller Cap. Seller Parties shall not be required to indemnify Buyer pursuant to, and shall not have any further liability under,
Section 8.1(a)(i) once the aggregate amount of all payments made by or on behalf of Seller Parties in respect of the indemnification
obligations under Section 8.1(a)(i) equals the Purchase Price (the Seller Cap); provided that
this Section 8.3(c)(i) shall not apply to any Damages related to any inaccuracy or breach of any Fundamental Representation or
any claim based on Fraud, and no such amounts related thereto shall be counted towards the Seller Cap.

(ii)
Buyer Cap. Buyer shall not be required to indemnify any Seller pursuant to, and shall not have any further liability under, Section
8.1(b)(i), once the aggregate amount of all payments made by or on behalf of Buyer in respect of the indemnification obligations
under Section 8.1(b)(i), equals the Purchase Price (the Buyer Cap); provided that this Section
8.3(c)(ii) shall not apply to any Damages related to any claim based on Fraud, and no such amounts related thereto shall be counted
towards the Buyer Cap.

(d)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the remedies provided in Article VII and Article VIII shall
be the exclusive monetary remedies of the Parties and their heirs, successors and assigns after the Closing with respect to a breach
of, or inaccuracy in, any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement, except for Fraud, in which case the Parties
shall have all rights and remedies available under this Agreement and available under any applicable law; provided that this Section
8.3(d) shall not limit any action for specific performance or injunctive relief.

(e)
Absent Fraud, Buyer may not recover for Damages from Seller Parties in excess of the Purchase Price. Except with respect to Fraud, in
no event shall the indemnification obligations of Seller Parties for Damages incurred by the Buyer Indemnified Parties exceed an amount
equal to the aggregate amount of the Purchase Price.

55

8.4
Sources of Payment; Treatment of Payment.

(a)
Sources of Payment.

(i)
Indemnification Amounts Payable by Seller Parties. 55

A.
Subject to the limitations of this Article VIII, and other than with respect to any Fundamental Representations and a claim for
Fraud, any indemnification of a Buyer Indemnified Party pursuant to Section 8.1(a)(i) shall be recovered from Seller Parties,
jointly and severally, paid in accordance with Section 8.4(a)(i)(B) until such Damages have been paid in full.

B.
All indemnification amounts payable to the Buyer Indemnified Parties shall be paid within ten (10) days after the determination thereof
in accordance with the procedures in Section 8.6 by wire transfer of immediately available funds from Seller Parties to an account
designated by Buyer

(ii) Indemnification
Amounts Payable by Buyer. Any indemnification of Seller Parties pursuant to this Article VIII shall be effected by
wire transfer of immediately available funds from Buyer, as applicable, to an account designated by the Seller Representative,
within ten (10) days after the determination thereof.

(b)
Any payment made pursuant to the indemnification obligations under this Article VIII shall be treated as an adjustment to the
Purchase Price hereunder for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable Legal Requirements.

8.5
Claim Procedures.

(a)
For purposes of this Section 8.5, a party making a claim for indemnity under Section 8.1 is hereinafter
referred to as an Indemnified Party and the party against whom such claim is asserted is hereinafter
referred to as the Indemnifying Party. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party of notice of the
assertion of a claim by a third party (a Third Party Claim) against it, such Indemnified Party shall
give notice to the Indemnifying Party of the assertion of such Third Party Claim; provided that the failure to notify the
Indemnifying Party will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability that it may have to any Indemnified Party, except to the
extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that the defense of such Third Party Claim is prejudiced by the Indemnified
Partys failure to give such notice. If an Indemnified Party gives notice to the Indemnifying Party pursuant to Section
8.5(a) of the assertion of a Third Party Claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of
such Third Party Claim and, to the extent that it wishes, to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim, with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume
the defense of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not, so long as it diligently conducts such defense, be liable
to the Indemnified Party under this Article VIII or Article VII for any fees of other counsel or any other expenses
with respect to the defense of such Third Party Claim, in each case, subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection
with the defense of such Third Party Claim, other than reasonable costs of investigation. If the Indemnifying Party assumes the
defense of a Third Party Claim, then (i) such assumption will conclusively establish for purposes of this Agreement that the claims
made in that Third Party Claim are within the scope of and subject to indemnification, and (ii) no compromise or settlement of such
Third Party Claims may be effected by the Indemnifying Party without the Indemnified Partys consent unless (A) there is no
finding or admission of any violation of applicable Legal Requirements or any violation of the rights of any Indemnified Party; (B)
the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the Indemnifying Party; and (C) the Indemnified Party has no
liability with respect to such compromise or settlement. If notice is given to an Indemnifying Party of the assertion of any Third
Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party does not, within ten (10) days after the Indemnified Partys notice is given, give
notice to the Indemnified Party of the Indemnifying Partys election to assume the defense of such Third Party Claim, then the
Indemnifying Party will be bound by any determination made in such Third Party Claim or any compromise or settlement effected by the
Indemnified Party.

56

(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnifying Party will not be entitled to assume (or retain, as applicable) control of such defense
if (i) the claim for indemnification relates to or arises in connection with any criminal claim or action, indictment or allegation against
the Indemnified Party, (ii) the Indemnifying Party fails to vigorously and continuously prosecute or defend such claim in good faith
or fails to begin such prosecution or defense in a timely manner, or (iii) the claim for indemnification relates to or arises in connection
with a Tax which is assessed or proposed to be assessed against Buyer or any of its Affiliates.

(c)
With respect to any Third Party Claim subject to indemnification under this Article VIII: (i) both the Indemnified Party and the
Indemnifying Party, as the case may be, shall keep the other Person fully informed of the status of such Third Party Claim and any related
claims at all stages thereof where such Person is not represented by its own counsel, and (ii) the Parties agree (each at its own expense)
to render to each other such assistance as they may reasonably require of each other and to cooperate in good faith with each other in
order to ensure the proper and adequate defense of any Third Party Claim.

(d)
In the event an Indemnified Party has a claim hereunder that does not involve a claim being asserted against or sought to be collected
by a third party, the Indemnified Party shall with reasonable promptness send notice with respect to such claim to the Indemnifying Party.
If the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of receipt of such notice
that the Indemnifying Party disputes such claim, the amount of such claim shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying
Party hereunder. If the Indemnifying Party shall object in writing to any claim made in accordance with this Section 8.5(d), the
Indemnified Party shall have fifteen (15) calendar days to respond in a written statement to the objection of the Indemnifying Party.
If after such fifteen (15) calendar day period there remains a dispute as to any claim, the Parties shall attempt in good faith for thirty
(30) calendar days to agree upon the rights of the respective Parties with respect to each of such claims. If the Parties should so agree,
a memorandum setting forth such agreement shall be prepared and signed by all Parties. If the Parties do not so agree, the Parties will
resolve the conflict in accordance with Section 11.3.

(e)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the provisions of this Section 8.5 conflict with the provisions of Article VII
with respect to the matters covered therein, the provisions of Article VII shall govern.

57

8.6
Other Indemnification Matters.

(a)
The amount of any Damages payable by Seller Parties under this Article VIII or Article VII will be net of any amounts
actually recovered by the Buyer Indemnified Party under applicable insurance policies or from any other Person alleged to be
responsible therefor (net of the present value of any increase to insurance premiums, any reasonable attorneys fees, and
other out of pocket costs or expenses incurred by such Buyer Indemnified Party in collecting such amount); provided that in
no event shall any Buyer Indemnified Party be required to institute litigation or any similar proceeding in connection therewith. If
the Buyer Indemnified Party receives any amounts under applicable insurance policies, or from any other Person alleged to be
responsible for any Damages, subsequent to an indemnification payment by Seller Parties or Seller Representative, then Buyer shall
promptly reimburse Seller Representative for any payment made or expense incurred by Seller Parties or Seller Representative in
connection with providing such indemnification payment up to the amount received by the Buyer Indemnified Party, net of the present
value of any increase to insurance premiums, any reasonable attorneys fees, and other out of pocket costs or expenses
incurred by such Buyer Indemnified Party in collecting such amount.

(b)
Any Damages for which any Person is entitled to indemnification under this Article VIII or Article VII shall be determined
without duplication of recovery by reason of the state of facts giving rise to such Damages constituting a breach of more than one representation,
warranty or covenant. No Person shall be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement for any Damages arising from a breach of any
representation, warranty or covenant set forth herein (and the amount of any Damages incurred in respect of such breach shall not be
included in the calculation of any limitations on indemnification set forth herein) if such Damages were already taken into account in
calculating the final Closing Cash Payment as provided in Section 1.4.

(c)
If a Seller Party fails to pay any amounts that they are obligated to pay to Buyer under this Agreement, including any amounts that they
are obligated to pay pursuant to the indemnification obligations set forth in this Article VIII, then Buyer may, in addition to
any other rights and remedies that may be available to it, set off all or any portion of such amounts against any amounts due and owing
from Buyer or its Affiliates (including the Company) to the Seller Parties (including under the Collateral Agreements or with respect
to any Earn-Out Payment, Bonus, or Closing Shares). Any amounts so set off shall be deemed to have been paid to Seller Parties as of
the date on which written demand for payment of the amount in question was provided to Seller Representative. The exercise of such right
of set off in good faith, whether or not ultimately determined to be justified, will not constitute a breach or default under this Agreement
or any other Collateral Agreements.

(d)
The waiver of any closing condition based on the accuracy of any representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with
any covenant or obligation, will not affect the right to indemnification, payment of Damages, or other remedy based on such representations,
warranties, covenants and obligations.

58

ARTICLE
IX

CLOSING
CONDITIONS

9.1 Conditions
to Obligations of All Parties. The obligations of Buyer, Sellers and the Company to effect the Closing and to
consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction (or, if permitted by applicable law, waiver in writing by Buyer) of the
following further conditions:

(a)
There shall not be in effect any law or order of a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction in the United States
directing that the Transactions not be consummated as provided herein or which has the effect of rendering it impossible or illegal
to consummate the Transactions.

9.2 Conditions
to Obligations of Buyer. The obligations of Buyer to effect the Closing and to consummate the Transactions are
subject to the satisfaction (or, if permitted by applicable law, waiver in writing by Buyer) of the following further
conditions:

(a)
the representations and warranties of the Seller Parties contained in Article III shall be true, correct and complete in all material
respects (other than those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect or similar qualification,
which shall be true, correct and complete in all respects) both as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing, other than such
representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, which representations and warranties shall be true, correct and
complete as of such date;

(b)
the Company and Seller Parties shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants required to be performed
or complied with by the Company or the Sellers under this Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date;

(c)
since the date hereof, there shall not have occurred a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)
Buyer shall have obtained immediately available funds in respect of financing sufficient to consummate the Transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, on terms acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion;

(e)
Buyer shall have completed any and all due diligence or any other requirements required for it to merge with or be acquired by a third-party;

(f)
Buyer shall have entered into and shall close upon (no later than the Closing Date) a Business Combination Agreement or other agreement
(BCA) whereby the Buyer shall merge with or otherwise combine with or be purchased by another third party
entity, including a closing condition in the BCA whereby the Buyer or its successor entity is listed on a United States national stock
exchange;

(g)
The SEC has approved the transaction described in Section 9.2(f);

(h)
The two year audit (2021/2022) of the financial statements of the Company and the PCAOB audit reviews have been completed and are satisfactory
to the Buyer;

(i)
at the Closing, Sellers shall have delivered to Buyer a certificate of an authorized officer of Seller Representative, dated as of
the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonable acceptable to Buyer, to the effect that the conditions specified in Sections
9.2(a), 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) have been satisfied (the Seller Representative Closing
Certificate);

59

(j)
the Company shall have registered to do business as a foreign company with the Secretary of State or other agency responsible
for such matters in all states in where it has state licenses and shall be in good standing.

9.3 Conditions
to Obligations of Sellers. The obligations of Sellers to effect the Closing and to consummate the Transactions are
subject to the satisfaction (or, if permitted by applicable law, waiver in writing by Seller Representative) of the following
further conditions:

(a)
the representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in Article IV of this Agreement shall be true, correct and complete
in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or material adverse effect
or similar qualification, which shall be true, correct and complete in all respects) both as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing, other than such representations and warranties that are made as of a specified date, which representations and warranties
shall be true, correct and complete as of such date;

(b)
Buyer shall have performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants required to be performed or complied with by it under
this Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date; and

(c)
at the Closing, Buyer shall have delivered to Seller Representative a certificate of an authorized officer of Buyer, dated as of the
Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Seller Representative, to the effect that the conditions specified in Sections
9.3(a) and 9.3(b) have been satisfied (the Buyer Closing Certificate).

ARTICLE
X

TERMINATION

10.1 Termination.
This Agreement may only be terminated at any time prior to the Closing under the following circumstances:

(a)
By the mutual written consent of Sellers and Buyer;

(b)
By either the Sellers or Buyer upon written notice to the other party, if the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have not been
consummated on or before September 30, 2023 (the End Date); provided, however, that the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose material breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant, or agreement set forth in this Agreement has been the principal cause of, or primarily resulted in, the failure of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated on or before the End Date;

(c)
by Buyer by written notice to the Seller Representative if there has been a material breach, inaccuracy in, or failure to perform
any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement made by Sellers pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure
of any of the conditions specified in Section 9.2, and such breach, inaccuracy, or failure is incapable of being cured
by the End Date or, if capable of being so cured, has not been cured by Sellers by the earlier of (i) the End Date or (ii) ten days
after the Seller Representatives receipt of written notice of such breach, inaccuracy, or failure from Buyer; provided, that
there is not then a material breach, inaccuracy in, or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement made
by Buyer pursuant this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 9.3;

60

(d)
by Sellers by written notice to Buyer if there has been a material breach, inaccuracy in, or failure to perform any representation, warranty,
covenant, or agreement made by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified
in Section 6.3 and such breach, inaccuracy, or failure is incapable of being cured by the End Date or, if capable of being so
cured, has not been cured by Buyer by the earlier of (i) the End Date or (ii) ten days after Buyers receipt of written notice
of such breach, inaccuracy, or failure from the Company; provided, that there is not then a material breach, inaccuracy
in, or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement made by Sellers pursuant this Agreement that would give
rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in Section 6.2; or

(e)
by Buyer or Sellers in the event that there shall be any Legal Requirement that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibited.

(f)
By Buyer in the event the closing condition required by Section 9.2(f) is not reasonably expected to occur.

10.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Article X, this Agreement
shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto except:

(a)
As set forth in this Article X and Article XI, each of which shall survive termination of this Agreement and remain in
full force and effect in accordance with their terms; and

(b)
that nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from liability for any willful breach of any provision of this Agreement or Fraud
prior to termination. For purposes of this Section 10.2, willful shall mean a breach that is a consequence of an
act undertaken by the breaching party with the actual knowledge that the taking of such act would, or would be reasonably expected to,
cause a breach of this Agreement.

ARTICLE
XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.1 Costs
and Expenses. Each Party shall bear such Partys own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation,
preparation, execution and Closing of this Agreement and the Transactions, including financial advisors, attorneys,
accountants, brokers, other professional fees and expenses; provided that Sellers shall be responsible for and
shall discharge all Company Transaction Expenses (it being the Parties agreement that the Company shall not bear or
otherwise be liable for any such expenses, except as otherwise stated above).

61

11.2
Notices. Any notice, request, instruction, correspondence or other document to be given hereunder by any Party to another
(herein collectively called Notice) shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed through a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service that guarantees next day delivery, as follows:

If
to Buyer: Danam
Health, Inc.

100
Whitaker Road

Lutz,
FL 33549

Attention:
Prashant Patel

Email:
patel@danamhealth.com

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice)
to:

Nelson
Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP

101 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Suite 900

Washington District of Columbia 20001 

Attention: Andy Tucker

Email:
andy.tucker@nelsonmullins.com

If
to Sellers: Wellgistics LLC

491
N. Bluff Street, Suite 106

St.
George, UT 84770

Attention:
Brian Norton

Email:
bnorton@wellgistics.com

With
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Edmunds
Law

1760
E Pecos Road, Suite 332

Gilbert,
AZ 85295

Attention:
Douglas Edmunds

Email:
doug@edmundslawaz.com

Each
of the addresses for Notice purposes may be changed by providing appropriate notice hereunder. Notice given by personal delivery shall
be effective upon actual receipt. Notice given by through a nationally recognized overnight delivery service that guarantees next day
delivery shall be effective upon the Business Day following its delivery to such service in time for next day delivery (a party refusing
to accept delivery of the notice shall not invalidate such notice). Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, notices
to any Party shall not be deemed effective with respect to such Party until such Notice would, but for this sentence, be effective both
as to such Party and as to all other Persons to whom copies are provided above to be given.

62

11.3
Venue; Governing Law; Jury Trial Waiver.

(a)
Venue for Dispute Resolution. Except as set forth in Section 11.3(d) of this Agreement, any claim or other controversy, claim
or dispute, whether based on contract, tort, statute or any other legal or equitable theory, arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby (Dispute) shall be settled by arbitration located in the State of
Delaware as further described in Section 11.3(d). Each of the Parties expressly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such
arbitration and waives any claim of improper jurisdiction or lack of venue in connection with any claim or controversy that may be brought
in connection with this Agreement. Each Party hereby agrees that such arbitration conducted in the State of Delaware, shall have in
personam jurisdiction with respect to such Party, and such Party hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of such proceeding.

(b)
Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DOMESTIC LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICTING PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATES OF MISSOURI OR KANSAS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION)
THAT WOULD CAUSE THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF DELAWARE TO BE APPLIED.

(c)
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY
DO SO, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING HEREUNDER.

(d)
Arbitration. Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be settled by binding arbitration
in the State of Delaware if it cannot first be resolved through good faith negotiations for at least thirty (30) days. Such arbitration
shall be conducted in accordance with the then prevailing commercial arbitration rules of JAMS/Endispute (JAMS),
with the following exceptions if in conflict: (a) one arbitrator shall be chosen by JAMS; (b) each party to the arbitration will pay
its pro rata share of the expenses and fees of the arbitrator, together with other expenses of the arbitration incurred or approved by
the arbitrator; and (c) arbitration may proceed in the absence of any party if written notice (pursuant to the JAMS rules and
regulations) of the proceedings has been given to such party. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such
proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive and may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof as a basis of judgment and of the issuance of execution for its collection. All such controversies, claims or disputes
shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided however, that nothing in this subsection shall be construed
as precluding the bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief. The arbitrator shall not have the right to award
punitive damages or speculative damages to either party and shall not have the power to amend this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be
required to follow applicable law. If for any reason this arbitration clause becomes not applicable, then each Party, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, hereby irrevocably waives all right to trial by jury as to any issue relating hereto in any action,
proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other matter involving the Parties hereto.

63

11.4 Severability.
Should a court or other body of competent jurisdiction determine that any term or provision of this Agreement is excessive in
scope or duration or is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, then the parties agree that such term or provision shall not be voided or
made unenforceable, but rather shall be modified so as to be valid, legal and enforceable to the maximum extent possible, under the
purposes stated in the preceding sentence and with applicable law, and all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall remain
valid and fully enforceable.

11.5 Survival.
Any provision of this Agreement which contemplates performance or the existence of obligations after the Closing Date, and
any and all representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be merged into or waived by the
execution and delivery of the instruments executed at the Closing, but shall expressly survive the Closing and shall be binding upon
the Party or Parties obligated thereby in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to any limitations expressly set
forth in this Agreement.

11.6 Entire
Agreement; Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this
Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between and among the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties, and there are no
warranties, representations or other agreements between the Parties in connection with the subject matter hereof except as set forth
specifically in or contemplated by this Agreement. No supplement, modification or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless
executed in writing by the party to be bound thereby. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall
constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (regardless of whether similar), nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing
waiver unless otherwise expressly provided.

11.7
Binding Effect and Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
permitted successors and assigns; but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, benefits or obligations hereunder shall be assigned,
by operation of law or otherwise, by any Party without the prior written consent of the other party, provided that nothing in
this Agreement shall prohibit the assignment of Buyers rights and obligations to any direct or indirect subsidiary, or any Person
in connection with any disposition or transfer of all or any portion of Buyer, the Company or their respective businesses in any form
of transaction, or prohibit the assignment of Buyers rights (but not obligations) to any lender. Nothing in this Agreement, express
or implied, is intended to confer upon any person or entity other than the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns,
any rights, benefits or obligations hereunder.

11.8
Remedies. The rights and remedies provided by this Agreement are cumulative, and the use of any one right or remedy by
any Party shall not preclude or constitute a waiver of its right to use any or all other remedies. Such rights and remedies are given
in addition to any other rights and remedies a Party may have by law, statute or otherwise.

11.9 Exhibits
and Schedules. The exhibits and Schedules referred to in this Agreement are attached to this Agreement and
incorporated in this Agreement by this reference.

64

11.10
Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this
Agreement by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to the Agreement.

11.11
References and Construction.

(a)
Whenever required by the context, and is used in this Agreement, the singular number shall include the plural and pronouns and any variations
thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural, as the identification of the Person may require.
References to monetary amounts, specific named statutes and GAAP are intended to be and shall be construed as references to United States
dollars, statutes of the United States of the stated name and U.S. GAAP, respectively, unless the context otherwise requires. When appearing
in this Agreement, the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed
by the words without limitation (whether or not they are in fact followed by such words) or words of like import. The words
hereto, herein, hereof, and hereunder, and words of similar import, when used
in this Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.

(b)
The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and neither for nor against any Party irrespective
of which party caused such provisions to be drafted, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. Each Party
acknowledges that it has been represented by an attorney in connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement.

11.12
Attorneys Fees. Except as otherwise provided in Section 1.4, Article VII or Article VIII in
the event any suit or other legal proceeding is brought for the enforcement of any of the provisions of this Agreement, Parties agree
that the prevailing Party or Parties shall be entitled to recover from the other Party or Parties upon final judgment on the merits reasonable
attorneys fees, including reasonable attorneys fees for any appeal, and costs incurred in bringing such suit or proceeding.

11.13
Time of Essence. With regard to all dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is of the essence.

11.14
Appointment of Seller Representative.

(a)
Designation. Seller Representative is hereby designated by each Seller to serve as the representative of Sellers with respect to
the matters set forth in this Agreement to be performed by Seller Representative.

65

(b)
Authority. By the approval of this Agreement, Sellers hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Seller Representative as the
representative, agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact for each Seller for all purposes authorized under this Agreement, including the
full power and authority on Sellers behalf (i) to consummate the Transactions; (ii) to pay Seller Representatives
expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and performance of this Agreement (whether incurred on or after the date
hereof); (iii) to disburse any funds received hereunder to such Seller and each other Seller; (iv) to endorse and deliver any
certificates or instruments representing the Purchased Interests and execute such further instruments of assignment as Buyer shall
reasonably request; (v) to negotiate, execute and deliver on behalf of such Seller any amendment or waiver hereto; (vi) (A) to
dispute or refrain from disputing, on behalf of such Seller relative to any amounts to be received by such Seller under this
Agreement or any agreements contemplated hereby, any claim made by Buyer under this Agreement or other agreements contemplated
hereby, (B) to negotiate and compromise, on behalf of such Seller, any dispute that may arise under, and exercise or refrain from
exercising any remedies available under, this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby, and (C) to execute, on behalf of
such Seller, any settlement agreement, release or other document with respect to such dispute or remedy; (vii) to engage attorneys,
accountants, agents or consultants on behalf of Sellers in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby
and paying any fees related thereto; (viii) to take all other actions to be taken by or on behalf of such Seller in connection
herewith including any action to enforce the rights of such Seller hereunder; and (ix) to do each and every act and exercise any and
all rights which such Seller or Sellers collectively are permitted or required to do or exercise under this Agreement or any other
agreement contemplated hereby. Each Seller agrees that such agency and proxy are coupled with an interest, are therefore irrevocable
without the consent of Seller Representative and shall survive the death, incapacity, bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of any
Seller. All decisions and actions by Seller Representative (to the extent authorized by this Agreement) shall be binding upon both
Sellers, and no Seller shall have the right to object, dissent, protest or otherwise contest the same.

(c)
Authority; Indemnification. Each Seller agrees that Buyer shall be entitled to rely on any action taken by Seller Representative,
on behalf of such Seller, pursuant to Section 11.14(b) (an Authorized Action), and that each Authorized
Action shall be binding on each Seller as fully as if such Seller had taken such Authorized Action. Each Seller hereby severally, for
itself only and not jointly and severally, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller Representative against all fees, costs, expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Seller
Representative in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which Seller Representative is made a party by reason of the fact
it is or was acting as Seller Representative pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

(d)
Exculpation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Seller Representative shall not have any (i) obligation
under this Agreement except for its express obligations under Sections 1.4 or 2.5 or (ii) liability under this Agreement.
Seller Representative shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Seller, except in
respect of amounts received on behalf of such Seller. Seller Representative shall not be liable to any Seller for any action taken
or omitted by it or any agent employed by it hereunder or under any other document entered into in connection herewith, except that
Seller Representative shall not be relieved of any liability imposed by applicable law for willful misconduct. Seller Representative
and its Representatives shall not be liable to Sellers for any apportionment or distribution of payments made by Seller
Representative in good faith, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error
the sole recourse of any Seller to whom payment was due, but not made, shall be to recover from other Sellers any payment in excess
of the amount to which they are determined to have been entitled. Seller Representative shall not be required to make any inquiry
concerning either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement. Neither Seller
Representative nor any agent employed by it shall incur any liability to any Seller relating to the performance of its other duties
hereunder, except for actions or omissions constituting willful misconduct.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

66

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed the Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

BUYER: 

DANAM HEALTH, INC.

By: /s/
Prashant Patel

Name: Prashant
Patel 

Title:
Director

COMPANY 

WELLGISTICS LLC

By: 

Name:
Brian
Norton

Title:
CEO

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE

Brian Norton

SELLERS 

STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC

By: 

Name:
Brian
Norton

Title:
Manager

JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

Name:
Drew
Warthen

Title:
Manager

NOMAD CAPITAL LLC

By: 

Name:
T
Scott Madsen

Title:
Manager

[Signature
Page to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed the Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

BUYER: 

DANAM HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMPANY 

WELLGISTICS LLC

By: 

Name: Brian
Norton

Title:
CEO

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE

/s/ Brian
Norton

Brian Norton

SELLERS 

STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC

By: /s/ Brian
Norton

Name:
Brian
Norton

Title:
Manager

JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC

By: /s/ Drew
Warthen

Name:
Drew
Warthen

Title:
Manager

NOMAD CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/ T
Scott Madsen

Name:
T
Scott Madsen

Title:
Manager

[Signature
Pages to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement]

SELLER
OWNERS

/s/ David Madsen

David
Madsen

/s/ Stephen Madsen

Stephen
Madsen

/s/ Brian Norton

Brian
Norton

/s/ Drew Warthen

Drew
Warthen

/s/ T. Scott Madsen

T.
Scott Madsen

[Signature
Pages to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement]

ANNEX
1 

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS

The
following terms, as used in this Agreement, have the following meanings:

2023
EBITDA Target has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(i) of this Agreement. 

2023 Earn-Out Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(i) of this Agreement. 

2023 Gross Revenue Target has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(i) of this Agreement. 

2023 Targets has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.5(a)(i) of this Agreement.

2024
EBITDA Target has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement. 

2024 Earn-Out Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement. 

2024 Gross Revenue Target has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement. 

2024 Targets has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.5(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

2025
EBITDA Target has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(iii) of this Agreement. 

2025 Earn-Out Period
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(iii) of this Agreement. 

2025 Gross Revenue Target has
the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a)(iii) of this Agreement. 

2025 Targets has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.5(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

Accounting
Principles means the accounting principles, practices and methodologies set forth in Part 1 of Schedule 1.3.

Adjustment
Calculation has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 of this Agreement.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. For purposes
of this definition, the term control (including the terms controlling, controlled by and under
common control with) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and such control
will be presumed if the first Person owns five percent (5%) or more of the voting capital stock or other ownership interests, directly
or indirectly, of such other Person.

Affiliated
Group means any affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code or any similar group defined under
a similar provision of state, local or foreign law.

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Authorized
Action has the meaning set forth in Section 10.14(c) of this Agreement.

Balance
Sheet Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) of this Agreement.

BCA
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(f).

BDO
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b) of this Agreement.

Bonus
Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a) of this Agreement.

Business
has the meaning set forth in Recitals.

Business
Day means any day of the year on which national banking institutions in New York are open to the public for conducting
business and are not required or authorized to close.

Buyer
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Buyer
Basket has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Buyer
Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(c)(ii) of this Agreement.

Buyer
Closing Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(c) of this Agreement.

Buyer
Indemnified Party(ies) has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(a) of this Agreement.

Buyer
Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement.

Cash
means all cash reflected on the consolidated balance sheet (before taking into account the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby) and cash equivalents, in each case, determined in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, Cash shall (a) be calculated
net of issued but uncleared checks and drafts written or issued, (b) include checks and drafts deposited for the account of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) exclude any bank overdrafts, (d) exclude any Restricted Cash and (e) be net of any rebates.

Closing
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

Closing
Cash Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2 of this Agreement.

Closing
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

Closing
Date Cash means, as of the Effective Time, all Cash held by the Company less the amount of all Required Cash.

Closing
Date Company Expenses means the Company Transaction Expenses unpaid as of the Effective Time.

Closing
Date Debt means all Debt of the Company outstanding as of the Effective Time.

Closing Estimates
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 of this Agreement.

Closing
Net Working Capital means the Net Working Capital as of the Effective Time.

Closing Payment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c) of this Agreement.

Closing
Shares means shares of capital stock of Buyer with a value of $3,000,000 at the Closing, and issued at a 20% discount.

- 2 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
Agreements means any or all of the exhibits to this Agreement and any and all other agreements, instruments or documents
required or expressly provided under this Agreement to be executed and delivered in connection with the Transactions.

Company
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Company
Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) of this Agreement. 

Company Information
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(f) of this Agreement. 

Company Intellectual Property has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a) of this Agreement.

Company
Transaction Expenses means the total aggregate amount of (i) expenses incurred by the Company (for itself and on behalf
of Seller Parties) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and closing of this Agreement and the Transactions, including
financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, brokers and other professional fees and expenses, (ii) the cost
of the D&O Tail; (iii) any fees and expenses associated with obtaining necessary or appropriate waivers, consents or approvals of
third parties (including any Governmental Authorities) on behalf of the Company or the Sellers, (iv) any fees and expenses associated
with obtaining the release and termination of any Liens (other than fees and expenses included in Debt), (v) all transaction bonus, discretionary
bonus, change-of-control, success, sale, stay-around, retention or similar bonuses or payments to current or former directors,
officers, managers, employees and consultants paid as a result of or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and (vi)
any severance obligations, or any unpaid bonus, sales commissions or similar payments related to any pre-Closing activity, provided,
that for items (v) and (vi), any such amounts shall include the employers portion of any payroll Taxes and similar
Taxes; and (B) deferred costs, fees, disbursements and expenses of managers of the Company.

Confidential
Information means confidential data and confidential information (whether or not specifically labeled or identified as
confidential), in any form or medium, relating to the business, products or services of the Company (which does not rise
to the status of a Trade Secret under applicable law) which is or has been disclosed to any Seller or Seller Owner or of which any Seller
or Seller Owner became aware as a consequence of or through such Sellers or Seller Owners employment with or ownership
of the Company and which has value to the Company and is not generally known to the competitors of the Company. Confidential Information
includes the following: (i) internal business information (including information relating to strategic and staffing plans and practices,
business, training, marketing, promotional and sales plans and practices, cost, rate and pricing structures and accounting and business
methods), (ii) identities of, individual requirements of, specific contractual arrangements with, and information about, the vendors,
distributors, customers, independent contractors or other business relations of the Company and their confidential information, (iii)
trade secrets, know-how, compilations of data and analyses, techniques, systems, research, records, reports, manuals, documentation,
data and data bases relating thereto and (iv) inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, designs, analyses, drawings,
reports and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall
not include any data or information that (1) has been voluntarily disclosed to the general public by the Company or its Affiliates, (2)
has been independently developed and disclosed to the general public by others, or (3) otherwise enters the public domain through lawful
means.

Contaminants
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(j) of this Agreement.

- 3 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Contracts
means, when described as being those of or applicable to any Person, any and all, whether in writing or oral, contracts, agreements,
commitments, franchises, understandings, arrangements, leases, licenses, registrations, mortgages, bonds, notes, guaranties or other
undertakings to which such Person is a party or to which or by which such Person or the property of such Person is subject or bound,
excluding any Permits.

Copyright
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(iii) of this Agreement.

Covered Person has the meaning
set forth in Section 5.3(e) of this Agreement. 

D&O Tail has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3(l) of this Agreement.

Damages
means any and all damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fines, levies, imposts, duties, charges, forfeitures, confiscation or
cancellation of Permits, rights or entitlements, Liens, settlements, judgments, deficiencies, losses, costs, penalties, wages, liquidated
damages, expenses and assessments (including income and other Taxes), interest, penalties and reasonable attorneys, accountants
and experts fees and disbursements, court costs, consultants fees and costs of litigation, consequential, special and incidental
damages, diminution in value, lost profits, and loss in value based on multiple of earnings, and expenses incurred in investigating or
defending any of the foregoing or incurred by any Indemnitee in asserting any of its rights and remedies under this Agreement or any
Collateral Agreements.

Data
Privacy and Security Laws means any applicable state, federal and international Legal Requirements, administrative decisions
applicable to Company or common law relating to privacy, security, data protection, and access, collection, creation, disclosure, maintenance,
transmission and use of personally identifiable information and Protected Health Information (as defined by HIPAA) by Company, including,
without limitation, those governing (i) the proper access, use, creation, collection, recording, storing, off-shoring, altering, retrieving,
transferring, disclosing or otherwise processing (whether authorized or unauthorized) personally identifiable information, including
information that can reasonably be used, alone or with publicly-available information, to identify an individual (e.g., customer
name, street address, telephone number, or e-mail addresses in combination with banking, credit card or other financial and payment information,
social security numbers, drivers license numbers or biometric data), (ii) required notification to individuals, Governmental Authorities,
and media upon unauthorized access, disclosure, or other misuse of personal data, and (iii) the administrative, technical, or physical
controls that protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. Data Privacy and Security Laws
shall also specifically include, as applicable, (A) the Payment Card Industry Standard (PCI DSS), which ensures the security of credit
card transactions and related personal financial information, even in jurisdictions where PCI DSS has not been expressly adopted by the
legislature, (B) HIPAA, (C) to the extent NIST is the industry standard or where HIPAA defers a standard to NIST, the standards promulgated
by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) as it relates to the protection and security of personal data, (D) the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act and related regulations (GLBA), (E) Federal Trade Commission Act (FTC Act)
and related regulations, (F) the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and related regulations,
(G) the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and related regulations, (H) California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) and related regulations, (I) all Legal Requirements related to online Privacy Policies
including without limitation the California Online Privacy Protection Act, (J) Fair and Accurate Credit Transaction Act, (K) the Illinois
Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA) and all other U.S. state laws regulating biometric information,
(L) The Telephone Consumer Protection Act, Section 227 of the Communications Act of 1934 (TCPA), similar
state laws and Legal Requirements relating to automatic dialing and use of communications technology, and (iv) the Controlling the Assault
of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM) and similar state laws.

- 4 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Debt
means the aggregate amount (including the current portions thereof) of all (i) indebtedness of the Company for money borrowed from others,
as well as the Companys capital lease obligations, purchase money indebtedness, letters of credit, credit card payables, notes
payable and all amounts payable to a Seller Party or any Sellers Affiliates (including bonuses, distributions, other payables
or any other obligations pursuant to the Companys Organizational Documents); (ii) indebtedness of the type described in clause
(i) above guaranteed, directly or indirectly, in any manner by the Company, or in effect guaranteed, directly or indirectly, in any manner
by the Company, through an agreement, contingent or otherwise, to supply funds to, or in any other manner invest in, the debtor, or to
purchase indebtedness, or to purchase and pay for property if not delivered or to pay for services if not performed, primarily for the
purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of the indebtedness or to assure the Company of the indebtedness against loss, but excluding
endorsements of checks and other instruments in the ordinary course; (iii) interest expense accrued but unpaid; (iv) any and all payroll
expenses or liabilities of the Company accrued (or incurred but not paid) prior to the Closing Date; (v) any and all annual bonus expenses
or liabilities of the Company accrued (or incurred but not paid) prior to the Closing Date; (vi) any and all pension contribution expenses
or liabilities of the Company accrued (or incurred but not paid) ) with respect to Plan or Agreements prior to the Closing Date; (vii)
Tax liabilities accrued but unpaid; (viii) all liabilities or obligations in respect of transaction bonuses, success fees, change-in-control
payments, severance rights, deferred compensation payments, withdrawal liability under multiemployer plans and any other obligations
triggered by the transactions contemplated herein including any stay, retention or other bonuses (including any discretionary bonuses)
or compensation payable in connection with or as a result of the Transactions; (ix) the employer taxes associated with any of (v), (vi),
or (viii) above; (x) all prepayment premiums, on or relating to any of such indebtedness; and (xi) Company Transaction Expenses.

Discharge
means any manner of spilling, leaking, dumping, discharging, releasing, migrating or emitting, as any of such terms may further be defined
in any Environmental Law, into or through any medium including ground water, surface water, land, soil or air.

Dispute
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(a) of this Agreement.

Domain
Name has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(ii) of this Agreement.

Earn-Out
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c) of this Agreement.

Earn-Out
Payment Protest Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(d) of this Agreement.

Earn-Out
Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement.

Earn-Out
Payment Schedule has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(c) of this Agreement.

EBITDA
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b)(i) of this Agreement.

Effective
Time has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

End
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(b) of this Agreement.

Environmental
Law means all existing and applicable Legal Requirements of federal, state and local Governmental Authorities concerning
pollution or protection of the environment, public health and safety or employee health and safety, including Legal Requirements relating
to emissions, Discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials into ambient air, surface water, ground water or lands
or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of, or exposure
to Hazardous Materials.

- 5 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

ERISA
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a) of this Agreement.

ERISA
Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a) of this Agreement. 

e-RX Standards
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(g) of this Agreement.

Final Closing Amount has the meaning
set forth in Section 1.3 of this Agreement.

Financing has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5
of this Agreement.

Fraud
means, (i) in the case of any Seller Party, an actual and intentional, and knowing common law fraud by the Seller Parties with respect
to the making of the representations and warranties in Article III, Article VI, or in any Collateral Agreement, and (ii)
in the case of Buyer, an actual and intentional, and knowing (with only the Knowledge of the following Persons being treated as Buyers
Knowledge for purposes of this definition: Prashant Patel) common law fraud by Buyer with respect to the making of the representations
and warranties in Article IV and in any Collateral Agreement to which Buyer is a party.

Fundamental
Representations has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

GAAP
means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Governmental
Authorities means any nation or country (including the United States) and any commonwealth, state, territory or possession
thereof and any political subdivision of any of the foregoing, including courts, departments, commissions, boards, bureaus, agencies,
ministries or other instrumentalities.

Hazardous
Material means all or any of the following: (a) substances that are defined or listed in, or otherwise classified pursuant
to, any Legal Requirements as hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous wastes,
toxic substances or any other formulation intended to define, list or classify substances by reason of deleterious properties
such as ignitability, corrosivity, reactivity, carcinogenicity, reproductive toxicity or EP toxicity; (b) oil, petroleum
or petroleum derived substances, natural gas, natural gas liquids or synthetic gas and drilling fluids, produced waters and other wastes
associated with the exploration, development or production of crude oil, natural gas or geothermal resources; (c) any flammable substances
or explosives or any radioactive materials; and (d) asbestos in any form or electrical equipment which contains any oil or dielectric
fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in excess of fifty parts per million.

Healthcare
Laws means all federal and state Legal Requirements relating to the regulation, provision or administration of, or
payment for, healthcare products or services, including (i) the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)),
Sections 1320a-7 and 1320a-7a of Title 42 of the United States Code, the Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the
Stark Law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn and 1396b), the False Statements Relating to Health Care Matters law (18
U.S.C. 1035), Health Care Fraud (18 U.S.C. 1347), or any regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes, or similar
state or local healthcare-related statutes or regulations, (ii) HIPAA, (iii) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) and
the regulations promulgated thereunder, (iv) Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act) and the regulations promulgated
thereunder as well as related state Medicaid statutes and regulations, (v) TRICARE (10 U.S.C. Section 1071 et seq.) and the
regulations promulgated thereunder, (vi) quality and safety laws, rules or regulations relating to the regulation, storage,
provision or administration of, or payment for, healthcare products or services, (vii) Legal Requirements governing the provision of
services to employees with workers compensation coverage or licensure or certification as a healthcare organization to provide such
services, and (viii) licensure Legal Requirements relating to the regulation, provision or administration of, or payment for,
healthcare items, services or goods and the ownership, operation or distribution of medical equipment, supplies or accessories, each
of (i) through (viii) as amended from time to time.

- 6 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

HIPAA
means, collectively, the Administrative Simplification Provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-191 and all related standards adopted by the United States Department of Health and Human Services as they may be amended
from time to time and currently located at 45 C.F.R. parts 160 and 164, all as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act, Division A, Title XIII of Pub. L. 111-5, as codified at 42 U.S.C. Sections 1320d through d-9, and its implementing
regulations.

Incorporated
Open Source Software has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(i) of this Agreement.

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a) of this Agreement.

Indemnified Taxpayer
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(a) of this Agreement.

Indemnifying Party has the meaning
set forth in Section 7.5(a) of this Agreement.

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.15(a) of this Agreement.

Intellectual
Property Registrations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(b) of this Agreement.

Interim
Financials has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) of this Agreement.

IP Assignment
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(h) of this Agreement.

Jouska has the meaning set forth
in the Preamble.

Jouska
Interests has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Knowledge
of Buyer means the actual knowledge of Prashant Patel with respect to the matter in question, and such knowledge as such
Person reasonably should have obtained upon diligence investigation and inquiry into the matter in question.

Knowledge
of the Company means the actual knowledge of any Seller Owners with respect to the matter in question, and such knowledge
as each such Person reasonably should have obtained upon diligence investigation and inquiry into the matter in question.

Leases
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12(b) of this Agreement.

Leased
Premises has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12(b) of this Agreement.

Legal
Requirements means, when described as being applicable to any Person, any and all laws (statutory, judicial or otherwise),
including all Data and Privacy and Security Laws, Healthcare Laws, ordinances, regulations, judgments, orders, directives, injunctions,
writs, guidance, decrees or awards of, and any Contracts with, any Governmental Authority or standard-setting body, in each case as and
to the extent applicable to such Person or such Persons business, operations or properties.

Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(b) of this Agreement.

- 7 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Licensed
Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a) of this Agreement.

Liens
means all liens, mortgages, pledges, adverse claims, charges, security interests, encumbrances or other restrictions or limitations whatsoever;
provided, however, that Liens shall not include any Permitted Liens or any Liens arising under this Agreement or any Collateral
Agreement.

Material
Adverse Effect means any change, condition, occurrence, development, event or effect that is or would be reasonably expected
to be materially adverse to the assets, business, financial condition, revenues, operations, relationships or prospects of the Company;
provided, however, that, in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect or whether a Material Adverse Effect
would occur, this definition shall exclude any effect to the extent arising out of, attributable to, or resulting from: (a) changes in
conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company conducts its business (unless such changes affect the Company in a
materially disproportionate manner compared to other companies in the Companys industry); (b) changes in general economic, political
or financial market conditions (unless such changes affect the Company in a materially disproportionate manner compared to other companies
in the Companys industry); and (c) any outbreak or escalation of hostilities (including, without limitation, any declaration of
war by the U.S. Congress) or acts of terrorism.

Material
Contract has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13 of this Agreement.

Multiemployer Plan
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(e) of this Agreement.

Net
Working Capital means the amount by which: (A) (i) all accounts receivable (less any reserve for doubtful accounts
and less any customer rebates that have not been paid or credited against such accounts receivable), plus (ii) all inventory
net of reserves (other than reserves for obsolete inventory), plus (iii) all other prepaid expenses (other than, if applicable,
Tax assets) for which the Company will receive the benefit hereunder following the Closing Date; exceeds (B)(i) all accounts payable;
plus (ii) all accrued expenses; (iii) all Debt of the Company (to the extent not paid off or deducted from the Closing Payment
at the Closing); plus (iv) all other current Liabilities (other than, if applicable, deferred Tax liabilities), in all cases,
with respect to each component of Net Working Capital, determined in accordance with GAAP.

Non-Fundamental
Representations has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

Nomad
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Nomad
Interests has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Notice
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2 of this Agreement.

Objection
Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3 of this Agreement.

OFAC
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.28 of this Agreement.

ONC
Program has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(g) of this Agreement.

Organizational
Documents means, as applicable, the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate or articles of formation or
organization, as applicable, and bylaws, shareholder agreements, operating agreements, partnership agreements and any similar governing
or constitutive documents or agreements of any Person, each as currently in effect.

- 8 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Other
Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 3.10(b) of this Agreement.

Other
Person Authorizations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20(b) of this Agreement.

Party
or Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Patent
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(vi) of this Agreement.

Payoff
Letters has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c) of this Agreement.

Permits
means any and all permits, rights, approvals, licenses, authorizations, legal status, orders or Contracts under any Legal Requirement
or otherwise granted by any Governmental Authority.

Permitted
Liens means (i) Liens for current Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or the amount or
validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Company has made adequate reserves in
accordance with GAAP; (ii) mechanics, carriers, workers, repairers and similar liens arising or incurred
in the ordinary course of business; (iii) zoning, entitlement and other land use regulations by any Governmental Authority which do not
materially interfere with the current use of the asset affected thereby; (iv) Liens disclosed in the Financial Statements or a specific
Schedules; and (v) such other imperfections in title, charges, easements, restrictions and encumbrances which do not materially interfere
with the current use of the asset affected thereby.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, association, joint stock company, trust,
joint venture, unincorporated organization or governmental entity (or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof).

Plan
or Plans has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(b) of this Agreement.

PP
Holdback Amount means Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000).

PP
Overpayment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

PP
Underpayment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

Privacy
Policies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26(a) of this Agreement.

Promissory
Notes mean those certain promissory notes issued by Buyer to Sellers at Closing in the aggregate original principal amount
of Ten Million and 00/000 Dollars ($10,000,000.00), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Properties
means any and all properties and assets (real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible) owned or used by the Company.

Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1.2 of this Agreement.

Purchase
Price Allocation has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7 of this Agreement.

Purchased Interests
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Records
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement.

- 9 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Reference
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.9(a) of this Agreement.

Required
Cash (i) amounts received by the Company for work or services not yet performed, and (ii) the Companys accrued
(or incurred but not yet paid) payroll, vacation and bonuses (other than bonuses included in the definition of Debt) as of the Closing
Date.

Restricted
Area has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a) of this Agreement.

Restricted
Cash means the aggregate amount of cash deposits (including security deposits), cash in reserve accounts, cash in escrow
accounts and any other cash which is subject to a lockbox arrangement, cash dominion, cash control or similar agreement, or which is
otherwise subject to any other restriction, whether contractual or pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements, on the ability of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to freely transfer or use such cash for any lawful purpose.

Restricted
Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a) of this Agreement.

Sanctions
Investigation has the meaning set forth in Section 3.28 of this Agreement.

Sample
Calculation has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(b)(i) of this Agreement.

Schedules
has the meaning set forth in Article III of this Agreement.

SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

Security
Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26(e) of this Agreement.

Seller
or Sellers has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Basket has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(b)(i) of this Agreement.

Seller
Cap has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(c)(i) of this Agreement.

Seller
Owner or Seller Owners has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Party or Seller Parties has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Representative has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Seller
Representative Closing Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(d) of this Agreement.

Software
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(iv) of this Agreement.

Special
Accountants has the meaning set forth in Section 1.4(b) of this Agreement.

Strategix
has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Strategix
Interests has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Survival
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(b)(ii) of this Agreement.

- 10 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Tangible
Assets means all machinery, office equipment, furniture, fixtures, trade fixtures, vehicles, rolling stock, molds, tools
and other tangible assets (other than inventory or real estate).

Tangible
Company Properties has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16 of this Agreement.

Target Net Working
Capital means $750,000.

Tax
means (i) all United States or non-United States federal, state, local, provincial or territorial taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies
or other assessments of any kind in the nature of taxes, including but not limited to, income, alternative or add-on minimum, gross receipts,
capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, excess profits or windfall profits, inventory, environmental,
unclaimed property, capital stock, escheat, license, occupancy, business organization, withholding, payroll, employment (including employee
withholding or employer payroll tax, FICA or FUTA), social security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, healthcare or health insurance,
occupation, real, personal or intangible property, assessable payment (including under Section 4980H), prohibited transactions, premiums,
business and occupation or other taxes (including estimated taxes), customs, duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind whatsoever
in the nature of taxes, whether or not disputed; (ii) all interest, penalties, fines, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed
by any Governmental Authority in connection with, resulting from or attributed to any item described in clause (i) whether or not disputed;
and (iii) any liability with respect to any items described in clauses (i) or (ii) payable by reason of Contracts, assumption, transferee
liability, operation of law, obligations to indemnify, Treasury Regulation 1.1502-6 (or any predecessor or successor thereof or any analogous
or similar provision of Law) or otherwise.

Tax
Authority means any Governmental Authority or other entity or group responsible for the imposition, collection or administration
of any Tax, or otherwise overseeing or regulating any matters relating to Taxes.

Tax
Return means any return, report or statement required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any elections, declarations,
schedules or attachments thereto and any amendment thereof), including but not limited to any information return, claim for refund, amended
return or declaration of estimated Tax.

Third
Party Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5(a) of this Agreement.

Trademark has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.15(a)(i) of this Agreement.

Trade
Secrets means information of the Company including technical or nontechnical data, formulas, patterns, compilations, programs,
financial data, financial plans, product or service plans or lists of actual or potential customers or vendors which (a) derives economic
value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other Persons
who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances
to maintain its secrecy.

Transactions
means the transactions contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements.

Transfer
Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(d) of this Agreement.

Treasury
Regulations means the regulations currently in force as final or temporary that have been issued by the U.S. Department
of Treasury under its authority under the Code, and any successor regulations.

Unit
Assignments has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this Agreement.

Withholding Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6 of this Agreement.

- 11 -

Annex 1 

Certain Definitions 

Annex
II

Sellers,
Shareholders and Pro Rata Percentage

Sellers:

1. Strategix Global LLC 60%

Brian Norton, Manager

2. Nomad Capital LLC 20%

T. Scott Madsen, Manager

3. Jouska Holdings LLC 20%

Drew Warthen, Manager

Seller
Owners:

1. Brian Norton

2. Drew Warthen

3. T. Scott Madsen

4. Stephen Madsen

5. David Madsen

Allocations:

Seller Closing 

Payment Promissory 

Note Earn-Out Payment Bonus Payment

Strategix Global LLC 60% of the Closing Payment consisting of approximately $3,000,000 in cash and $3,000,000 of stock issued at a 20% discount 60% of the annual installment in cash 60% of the earn- out payment in stock 60% of the bonus payment, if any, 1/2 in cash and 1/2 in stock

Nomad Capital LLC 20% of Closing Payment or approximately $2,000,000 20% of the annual installment in cash 20% of the earn- out payment in stock 20% of the bonus payment, if any, 1/2 in cash and 1/2 in stock

Jouska Holdings LLC 20% of Closing Payment or approximately $2,000,000 20% of the annual installment in cash 20% of the earn- out payment in stock 20% of the bonus payment, if any, 1/2 in cash and 1/2 in stock

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Membership Interest Assignment

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, pursuant to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement),
dated as of May 11, 2023, by and among (i) Danam Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Assignee); (ii) Wellgistics,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii) [], a [] (Assignor),
and (iii) the other parties thereto, the Assignor hereby (A) assigns, transfers and conveys to Assignee, free and clear of all Liens,
all of the Assignors right, title and interest in and to the [] % of the Purchased Interests standing in the name of the
Assignor on the books of the Company (the Assigned Interests) and including without limitation, the Assignors
rights as a member of the Company (the Assignment), (B) withdraws as a member of the Company, and (C) irrevocably
constitutes and appoints any officer of the Company as attorney-in-fact to transfer the Assigned Interests on the books of the Company
with full power of substitution in the premises. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Assignment have the
meanings assigned to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

This
Assignment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law
rules.

A
signed copy of this Assignment executed and/or delivered by electronic transmission (including, e.g., DocuSign) shall be deemed to have
the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this assignment.

ASSIGNOR:

[_______________________]

By:

Name:

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Promissory Note

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD,
OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH
ACT AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED,
OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF SUCH ACT.

THIS
NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1272 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986,
AS AMENDED). UPON WRITTEN REQUEST (ADDRESSED TO PRASHANT PATEL AT DANAM HEALTH, INC., 100 WHITAKER ROAD, LUTZ, FLORIDA 33549, THE ISSUER
WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO ANY HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE; (2)
THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE; AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE.

DANAM
HEALTH, INC.

PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Danam Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay to the order
of the noteholder set forth on the signature page attached hereto (the Holder), or its permitted
successors and assigns, the principal amount set forth on the signature page attached hereto, or such lesser amount as shall equal
the outstanding principal amount hereof, together with interest from the date of this Promissory Note (this
Note). All unpaid principal, together with any then accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts
payable hereunder, shall be due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date that the winding up of the Company is
effective, and (ii)
[ ]4
(such date, the Maturity Date).

Holder
acknowledges that this Note is one of a series of Promissory Notes of like tenor (collectively, the Notes)
being issued.

The
following is a statement of the rights of the Holder of this Note and the conditions to which this Note is subject, to which the Holder,
by the acceptance of this Note, agrees:

Interest,
Repayment and Prepayment.

Interest.
Interest on this Note shall be simple interest from the date of this Note on the unpaid principal balance at a rate equal to
the Prime Rate published by the Wall Street Journal on January 1st of the applicable year, computed on the basis of the actual number
of days elapsed and a year of 365 days. Accrued interest on this Note shall be payable annually to the Holder in immediately available
funds commencing on the first anniversary of the Date of this Note, with the final payment due on the Maturity Date.

4 To be three years from the date the note is executed.

Repayment.
The outstanding principal amount of this Note shall be payable 33.33% of the original principal balance on the first and second anniversary
dates of the Note and 33.,34% of the original principal amount on the Maturity Date.

Prepayment.
The Borrower shall have the right to prepay the principal amount of this Note together with all accrued interest, in full or
in part, at any time and from time to time. Any prepayment amount received by the Payee shall be applied, unless otherwise specified,
first to any accrued but unpaid interest, and then to the principal amount of this Note through the date of such prepayment. Any such
prepayment of principal shall be payable without any premium or penalty of any kind.

Default;
Remedies.

Default.
The Company shall be in default under this Note upon the happening of any condition or event set forth below (each, an
Event of Default):

the Companys failure to pay when due any principal or interest payment
on the due date hereunder and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days following receipt of written
notice signed by the Holder of such failure to pay;

the Company shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, liquidator or custodian of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) be unable, or admit in writing its
inability, to pay its debts as they mature, (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of its or any of its creditors, (iv) be
dissolved or liquidated, (v) become insolvent (as such term may be defined or interpreted under any applicable statute), (vi)
commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its
debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or consent to any such relief or to the
appointment of or taking possession of its property by any official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it,
or (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or

proceedings for the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, liquidator or custodian of the Company or of all or a substantial part of the property thereof, or an involuntary case or
other proceedings seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or the debts thereof under any
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced and an order for relief entered or such
proceeding shall not be dismissed or discharged within ninety (90) days of commencement.

Remedies.

Upon
the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default under Section 2.1(a), the Holder of this Note may, by written notice to the
Company, declare the entire outstanding principal amount of the Note, any accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable thereunder,
to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived.

Upon
the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default described in Sections 2.1(b) or 2.1(c), immediately and without
notice, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Notes, any accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under
the Notes shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding. In addition to the
foregoing remedies, upon the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default, the Holder may exercise any other right power or
remedy otherwise permitted to it by law, either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both.

Unsecured
and Subordinated. This note is unsecured. The indebtedness evidenced by this Note is subordinated in right of payment to the prior
payment in full of any Senior Indebtedness in existence on the date of this Note or hereafter incurred. Senior Indebtedness
shall mean, unless expressly subordinated to the amounts due under this Note, all amounts due in connection with (i) indebtedness of
the Company for borrowed money, (ii) any such indebtedness or any debentures, notes or other evidence of indebtedness issued in exchange
for such Senior Indebtedness, or any indebtedness arising from the satisfaction of such Senior Indebtedness by a guarantor, or (iii)
any indebtedness incurred as part of a financing transaction of the Company whereby the Company borrows funds to effect a merger or other
business combination.

Representations
of Holder.

Accredited
Investor. The Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D prescribed by the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), as such rule
is presently in effect. If other than an individual, the Holder has not been organized for the specific purpose of acquiring the Notes
(the Securities). The Holder agrees to furnish any additional information requested by the Company or any
of its affiliates to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the purchase and sale
of the Note.

Foreign
Investors. If Holder is not a United States person or is deemed not to be a United States person under Rule 902(k)(2) of the
Securities Act, Holder hereby represents (i) that Holder has not and will not solicit offers to buy, offer to sale or sell the Note,
or any beneficial interest therein in the United States or to or for the account of a United States person or engage in any hedging transactions
involving the Note; (ii) that it has not engaged, nor is it aware that any party has engaged, and it will not engage or cause any third
party to engage, in any directed selling efforts (as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) in the United States
with respect to the Note; (iii) that it is not a distributor or dealer (as such terms are defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act);
(iv) that it is not acquiring the Note for the account or benefit of any United States person; (v) that the Notes and any transactions
contemplated by the Note will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Holders jurisdiction; and (vi) that it
has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to invest any amounts
in connection with the Notes, including (A) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction in connection with the Notes and any transactions
contemplated by the Note, (B) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to the Notes and any transactions contemplated by the Note,
(C) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (D) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that
may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Notes.

Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. This Note is issued in reliance upon the Holders representation to the Company that the Note
is acquired for investment for the Holders own account, not as a nominee or agent (unless otherwise specified on the Holders
signature page hereto), and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Holder has no present intention
of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By executing this Note, the Holder further represents
that the Holder does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations
to such person or to any third person with respect to the Note.

Information. The
Holder acknowledges that it has received all the information it considers necessary or appropriate to enable it to make an informed
decision concerning an investment in the Note. The Holder further represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions and
receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the Note. The Holder confirms that the Company has not
given any guarantee or representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax,
financial, accounting or otherwise) of an investment in the Note. In deciding to purchase the Note, the Holder is not relying on the
advice or recommendations of the Company and has made its own independent decision that the investment in the Note is suitable and
appropriate for the Holder. The Holder understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an
investment in the Note or made any finding or determination concerning the fairness or advisability of this investment.

Residency.
In the case of a Holder who is an individual, the state of the Holders residency, or, in the case of a Holder that is a corporation,
partnership or other entity, the state of the Holders principal place of business, is correctly set forth on the signature page
to this Note.

Tax
and Legal Advice. The Holder is not relying on nor has relied on the Company or any of the Companys officers, directors,
managers, equity holders, representatives, agents or advisers (including, without limitation, Nelson Mullins Riley and Scarborough LLP,
legal counsel for the Company), for any advice, including, without limitation, any financial, tax or legal advice in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Note. The Holder has had an opportunity to consult with its legal counsel and tax and other advisers
regarding the purchase of the Note. The Holder shall be responsible for any and all taxes, duties and other similar charges payable in
connection with the issuance of the Note, and hereby agrees to indemnify the Company and its successors and assigns with respect to same.

Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Holder as of the date hereof that:

Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets,
to carry on its business as presently conducted, to execute and deliver the Note, and to perform its obligations thereunder.

Authorization.
All corporate action on the part of the Company necessary for the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Note, and the
performance of all of the Companys obligations thereunder has been taken or will be taken prior to the date hereof. The Note,
when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and
(ii) as limited by rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and by general principles
of equity.

Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall be a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.

Cumulative
Rights. No delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power or right under this Note shall operate as a waiver of any
such power or right, nor shall a single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude other or further exercise of such power or
right or the exercise of any other power or right.

Miscellaneous.

Payment.
All payments under this Note shall be made in lawful tender of the United States.

Waivers
and Amendments. This Note and the obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holder under this Note may be amended, waived,
discharged or terminated (either generally or in a particular instance, either retroactively or prospectively and either for a specified
period of time or indefinitely) with the written consent of the Company and a majority of the holders of all the Notes (Majority
Holders); provided, however, that any amendment, waiver or discharge which would disproportionately and adversely affect
the Holder relative to the other holders of Notes must be approved in writing by the Holder. Holder acknowledges that, notwithstanding
the absence of a Note Purchase Agreement or similar agreement to which all purchasers of Notes are parties, (i) an amendment, waiver,
discharge or termination effected in accordance with this Section 8.2 shall be binding upon the Holder and the Company, and (ii)
the Majority Holders shall have the right and power to diminish or eliminate all rights under the Notes pursuant to this Section.

Notices.
Any notice required or permitted by this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered (i) personally, (ii)
by overnight courier, (iii) sent by email (upon customary confirmation of receipt), or (iv) forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited
in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, in each case addressed to the party to be notified at such partys
mailing address or email address as set forth on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice pursuant to the terms
hereof, or if no mailing address or email address is specified on the signature page, at the most recent mailing address or email address
set forth in the Companys books and records.

Severability.
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision(s) shall be excluded from this
Note and the balance of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provision(s) were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms.

Successors
and Assigns.

Neither
this Note nor any rights hereunder may be assigned, conveyed, or transferred, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent
of the Company, which the Company may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Holder is an
entity, the Holder shall be permitted to transfer this Note to any affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act)
of the Holder who (a) executes and delivers to the Company an acknowledgement that such affiliate agrees to be subject to, and bound
by, all the terms and conditions of this Note, (b) makes the representations and warranties to the Company that are set forth in Section
4 and (c) (if requested by the Company) delivers to the Company an opinion of legal counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
that such transfer complies with state and federal securities laws, and (ii) if the Holder is an individual, the Holder may transfer
this Note to a trust established for a direct lineal descendant of the Holder or a similar vehicle for estate planning purposes who (a)
executes and delivers to the Company an acknowledgement that such trust or similar vehicle agrees to be subject to, and bound by, all
the terms and conditions of this Note, (b) makes the representations and warranties to the Company that are set forth in Section 4,
and (c) (if requested by the Company) delivers to the Company an opinion of legal counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that
such transfer complies with state and federal securities laws.

Any
purported transfer or assignment of any portion of the Holders rights or obligations hereunder in contravention of this Section
110.5 shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing, the provisions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of, and
be binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators of the Company and the Holder.

Usury.
In the event any interest is paid on this Note, or a fee that is deemed interest, which is in excess of the then-applicable legal
maximum rate, then that portion of the interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then-applicable legal maximum
rate shall be deemed a payment of principal and applied against the principal of this Note.

Pari
Passu Notes. The Holder acknowledges and agrees that the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of
this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu in right of payment and in all other respects to the other Notes.

In
the event the Holder receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Companys payments to the holders of all of the Notes,
then the Holder shall hold in trust all such excess payments for the benefit of the holders of the other Notes and shall pay such amounts
held in trust to such other holders upon demand by such holders.

Titles
and Subtitles. The titles of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Note are for convenience of reference only and are not
to be considered in construing this Note.

Construction.
The language used in this Note will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

Expenses.
The Company and the Holder shall each bear its respective expenses and legal fees incurred with respect to this Note and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

Counterparts;
Electronic Signature. This Note may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together
will be deemed to be one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be executed and delivered via facsimile, email (including PDF or any
electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method,
and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Governing
Law. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS SUCH LAWS ARE APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS
BETWEEN DELAWARE RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN DELAWARE. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED IN DELAWARE, AS APPLICABLE, FOR ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS NOTE, EXCEPT THAT IN ACTIONS SEEKING TO ENFORCE ANY ORDER OR ANY JUDGMENT OF SUCH FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN
DELAWARE, SUCH PERSONAL JURISDICTION SHALL BE NONEXCLUSIVE.

[Signature
Page Follows]

This
Promissory Note is executed by duly authorized representatives of the below signatories.

DANAM HEALTH, INC.

By:

Name:

Title: 

Address:

100 Whitaker Road

Lutz, FL 33549

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

(Print name of individual or entity Holder) 

Principal: $ 

By:

Name:

Title
(if applicable): ____________________________________ 

Address: 

_____________________________________________________ 

_____________________________________________________ 

E-mail:
_______________________________________________ 

Date
of Note: __________________________________________ 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is made and entered into as
of this 4th day of August, 2023, by and among (i) DANAM HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation (Buyer);
(ii) WELLGISTICS, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii) STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC, a
Utah limited liability company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Nomad),
JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska; together with Strategix and Nomad,
collectively, Sellers and, each, a Seller); (iv) the Persons identified as Seller
Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and, each, a Seller Owner;
Seller Owners, together with Sellers, the Seller Parties and, each, a Seller Party);
and (v) BRIAN NORTON, a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity as Seller Representative (Seller Representative;
together with Buyer, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively, the Parties and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A.
The Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement),
concerning the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly described in the Purchase Agreement.

B.
Under the Purchase Agreement, the last date on which the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement may be consummated is September
30, 2023 and the Parties desire to amend the Purchase Agreement to modify such date.

C.
Under the Purchase Agreement, the Seller Representative was not authorized to represent the Seller Owners and the Parties desire to amend
the Purchase Agreement such that the Seller Owners authorize the Seller Representative to act on their behalf.

AMENDMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.Incorporation
of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of this Amendment to the same extent as if set
forth herein.

2.Extension
of End Date. The third line of Section 10.01(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the date September
30, 2023 and inserting the text the earlier of (1) sixty (60) days after the approval of Form S-4 pursuant to that certain
Merger Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2023, by and among (i) Buyer; (ii) Artemis Strategic Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(together with its successors; (iii) ASIC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser; and
(iv) the other parties thereto, and (2) December 26, 2023.

3.Appointment
of Seller Representative. Section 11.14 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following text:

11.14
Appointment of Seller Representative.

(a)
Designation. Seller Representative is hereby designated by each Seller Party to serve as the representative of Seller Parties with
respect to the matters set forth in this Agreement to be performed by Seller Representative.

(b)
Authority. By the approval of this Agreement, Seller Parties hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Seller Representative as the
representative, agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact for each Seller Party for all purposes authorized under this Agreement, including the
full power and authority on Seller Parties behalf (i) to consummate the Transactions; (ii) to pay Seller Representatives
expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and performance of this Agreement (whether incurred on or after the date hereof);
(iii) to disburse any funds received hereunder to such Seller Party and each other Seller Party; (iv) to endorse and deliver any certificates
or instruments representing the Purchased Interests and execute such further instruments of assignment as Buyer shall reasonably request;
(v) to negotiate, execute and deliver on behalf of such Seller Party any amendment or waiver hereto; (vi) (A) to dispute or refrain from
disputing, on behalf of such Seller Party relative to any amounts to be received by such Seller Party under this Agreement or any agreements
contemplated hereby, any claim made by Buyer under this Agreement or other agreements contemplated hereby, (B) to negotiate and compromise,
on behalf of such Seller Party, any dispute that may arise under, and exercise or refrain from exercising any remedies available under,
this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby, and (C) to execute, on behalf of such Seller Party, any settlement agreement,
release or other document with respect to such dispute or remedy; (vii) to engage attorneys, accountants, agents or consultants on behalf
of Sellers in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby and paying any fees related thereto; (viii) to
take all other actions to be taken by or on behalf of such Seller Party in connection herewith including any action to enforce the rights
of such Seller Party hereunder; and (ix) to do each and every act and exercise any and all rights which such Seller Party or Seller Parties
collectively are permitted or required to do or exercise under this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated hereby. Each Seller
Party agrees that such agency and proxy are coupled with an interest, are therefore irrevocable without the consent of Seller Representative
and shall survive the death, incapacity, bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation of any Seller Party. All decisions and actions by Seller
Representative (to the extent authorized by this Agreement) shall be binding upon all Seller Parties, and no Seller Party shall have
the right to object, dissent, protest or otherwise contest the same.

(c)
Authority; Indemnification. Each Seller Party agrees that Buyer shall be entitled to rely on any action taken by Seller Representative,
on behalf of such Seller Party, pursuant to Section 11.14(b) (an Authorized Action), and that each
Authorized Action shall be binding on each Seller Party as fully as if such Seller Party had taken such Authorized Action. Each Seller
Party hereby severally, for itself only and not jointly and severally, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller Representative against
all fees, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by Seller Representative in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which Seller Representative is made
a party by reason of the fact it is or was acting as Seller Representative pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

2

(d)
Exculpation. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Seller Representative shall not have any (i) obligation
under this Agreement except for its express obligations under Sections 1.4 or 2.5 or (ii) liability under this Agreement. Seller
Representative shall not have by reason of this Agreement a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Seller Party, except in respect
of amounts received on behalf of such Seller Party. Seller Representative shall not be liable to any Seller Party for any action taken
or omitted by it or any agent employed by it hereunder or under any other document entered into in connection herewith, except that Seller
Representative shall not be relieved of any liability imposed by applicable law for willful misconduct. Seller Representative and its
Representatives shall not be liable to Seller Parties for any apportionment or distribution of payments made by Seller Representative
in good faith, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error the sole recourse
of any Seller Party to whom payment was due, but not made, shall be to recover from other Seller Parties any payment in excess of the
amount to which they are determined to have been entitled. Seller Representative shall not be required to make any inquiry concerning
either the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement. Neither Seller Representative nor
any agent employed by it shall incur any liability to any Seller Party relating to the performance of its other duties hereunder, except
for actions or omissions constituting willful misconduct.

4.Ratified
and Confirmed. The Purchase Agreement, except as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in
full force and effect in accordance with its terms and provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms and provisions of this
Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall govern.

5.Terms.
All capitalized terms used herein, but not defined herein, shall have the same meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

6.Governing
Law and Venue. Section 11.3 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein mutatis mutandis.

7.Headings.
The paragraph headings contained herein are included solely for the convenience of reference and shall not be considered in the interpretation
of this Amendment nor shall the same be deemed to alter or modify the terms of this Amendment.

8.Execution/Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile, .pdf
or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to the Agreement.

[Signatures
appear on the following page.]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement on the date first above written.

BUYER:

DANAM
HEALTH, INC.

By: /s/
Suren Ajjarapu

Name: Suren
Ajjarapu

Title: Ceo

COMPANY

WELLGISTICS,
LLC

By: /s/
Brian Norton

Name: Brian
Norton

Title: CEO

SELLER
REPRESENTATIVE

/s/
Brian Norton

Brian
Norton

SELLERS

STRATEGIX
GLOBAL LLC

By: /s/
Brian Norton

Name: Brian
Norton

Title: Manager

JOUSKA
HOLDINGS LLC

By: /s/
Drew Warthen

Name: Drew
Warthen

Title: Manager

Signature
Page to Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement on the date first above written.

NOMAD
CAPITAL LLC

By: /s/
T Scott Madsen

Name: T
Scott Madsen

Title: Manager

SELLER
OWNERS

/s/
David Madsen

David
Madsen

/s/
Stephen Madsen

Stephen
Madsen

/s/
Brian Norton

Brian
Norton

/s/
Drew Warthen

Drew
Warthen

/s/
T. Scott Madsen

T.
Scott Madsen

Signature
Page to Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Second Amendment) is effective as of
this 26th day of December, 2023, by and among (i) DANAM HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation (Buyer);
(ii) WELLGISTICS, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii) STRATEGIX GLOBAL
LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah limited liability
company (Nomad), JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska;
together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively, Sellers and, each, a Seller);
(iv) the Persons identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and,
each, a Seller Owner; Seller Owners, together with Sellers, the Seller Parties
and, each, a Seller Party); and (v) BRIAN NORTON, a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity
as Seller Representative (Seller Representative; together with Buyer, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively,
the Parties and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A.
The Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement),
concerning the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly described in the Purchase Agreement.

B.
The Parties amended the Purchase Agreement on August 4, 2023, (Amendment) extending the last date by which
the Purchase Agreement could be consummated to December 26, 2023 and the Parties desire to amend the Purchase Agreement and Amendment
to modify such date;

AMENDMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Incorporation of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of this Second Amendment to the same
extent as if set forth herein.

2.
Extension of End Date. Item 2 of the Amendment is hereby amended by deleting the text the earlier of (1) sixty (60) days after
the approval of Form S-4 pursuant to that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2023, by and among (i) Buyer; (ii) Artemis
Strategic Investment Corporation, a Delaware corporation (together with its successors; (iii) ASIC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser; and (iv) the other parties thereto, and (2) December 26, 2023 and replaced with
the new date of March 29, 2024.

3.
Ratified and Confirmed. The Purchase Agreement and Amendment, except as amended by this Second Amendment, is hereby ratified and
confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and provisions. If there is any conflict between the
terms and provisions of this Second Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement and the Amendment, the terms and
provisions of this Second Amendment shall govern.

4.
Terms. All capitalized terms used herein, but not defined herein, shall have the same

meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

5.
Governing Law and Venue. Section 11.3 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein mutatis mutandis.

6.
Headings. The paragraph headings contained herein are included solely for the

convenience of reference and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Second Amendment nor shall the same be deemed to alter
or modify the terms of this Second Amendment.

7.
Execution/Counterparts. This Second Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this
Second Amendment by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to the
Second Amendment.

[Signatures
appear on the following page.]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Second Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement on the date first above
written.

BUYER:

DANAM
HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COMPANY

WELLGISTICS,
LLC

By: 

Name:
Brian
Norton

Title:
CEO

SELLER
REPRESENTATIVE

Brian
Norton

Signature
Page to Second Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement

THIRD
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
THIRD AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Third Amendment) is effective as of this
22nd day of March, 2024, by and among (i) DANAM HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation (Buyer);
(ii) WELLGISTICS, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii) STRATEGIX GLOBAL
LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah limited liability
company (Nomad), JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska;
together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively, Sellers and, each, a Seller);
(iv) the Persons identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and,
each, a Seller Owner; Seller Owners, together with Sellers, the Seller Parties
and, each, a Seller Party); and (v) BRIAN NORTON, a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity
as Seller Representative (Seller Representative; together with Buyer, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively,
the Parties and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A.
The Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May 11, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement),
concerning the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly described in the Purchase Agreement.

B.
The Parties amended the Purchase Agreement on August 4, 2023, (Amendment) extending the last date by which
the Purchase Agreement could be consummated to December 26, 2023 and the Parties desire to amend the Purchase Agreement and Amendment
to modify such date;

C.
The Parties amended the Purchase Agreement on December 26, 2023, (Second Amendment) extending the last date
by which the Purchase Agreement could be consummated to March 29, 2024;

D.
The Parties desire to further amend the Purchase Agreement to clarify the language and extend certain deadlines related to Earn-Out Payments
and Bonus Payments.

AMENDMENT

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.
Incorporation of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of this Third Amendment to the
same extent as if set forth herein.

2.Change
of Earn-Out Dates. Sections 2.5(a)(i)-(iii) are deleted in their entirety and replace with the following new sections:

(i) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Earn-Out Period)
(1) if Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $47,200,000.00 (the 2024
Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment
in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the
Company is greater than or equal to $4,200,000.00 (the 2024 EBITDA Target,
and, together with the 2024 Gross Revenue Target, the 2024 Targets)
then Sellers shall be entitled to an additional Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal
to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares. Seller will habe been deemed to have met the 2024 Gross
Revenue Target and/or the 2024 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least eighty percent
(80%) of the individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in 2024
is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2024 Targets are achieved.

(ii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Earn-Out Period)
(1) if Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $57,700,000.00 (the 2025
Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment
in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the
Company is greater than or equal to $6,500,000.00 (the 2025 EBITDA Target,
and, together with the 2024 Gross Revenue Target, the 2025 Targets)
then Sellers shall be entitled to an additional Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal
to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares. Seller will habe been deemed to have met the 2025 Gross
Revenue Target and/or the 2025 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent
(90%) of the individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in 2025
is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2025 Targets are achieved.

(iii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2026 (the 2026 Earn-Out Period)
(1) if Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $63,500,000.00 (the 2026
Gross Revenue Target) then Sellers shall be entitled to an Earn-Out Payment
in an aggregate value equal to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares, and (2) if the EBITDA of the
Company is greater than or equal to $7,500,000.00 (the 2026 EBITDA Target,
and, together with the 2024 Gross Revenue Target, the 2026 Targets)
then Sellers shall be entitled to an additional Earn-Out Payment in an aggregate value equal
to $2,500,000.00 of Buyer Shares. Seller will habe been deemed to have met the 2026 Gross
Revenue Target and/or the 2026 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent
(90%) of the individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in 2026
is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2026 Targets are achieved.

3.Change
of Bonus Dates. Sections 2.6(a)(i)-(iii) are deleted in their entirety and replace with the following new sections:

(i) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus
equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%)
of the 2024 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(i)(2). The bonus shall be payable
one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

(ii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2025, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus
equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%)
of the 2025 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(i)(2). The bonus shall be payable
one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

(iii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2026, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus
equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%)
of the 2026 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(i)(2). The bonus shall be payable
one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

2

4.Annex
1. The following definitions are updated as a result of this Third Amendment: (i) the year 2023 is replaced with the
year 2024, (ii) the year 2024 is replaced with the year 2025, (iii) the year 2025
is replaced with the year 2026.

5.Schedules.
The Parties acknowledge that the information contained in the Schedules was accurate upon execution of the Purchase Agreement, and
that due to multiple extensions of time requested by the Buyer, the information contained in those Schedules has changed over time. Seller
has and shall continue to provide updates when requested by Buyer.

6.Termination. Section 10.1 is amended
by adding a new subsection (g) as follows:

(g)
unilaterally by the Sellers in the event that this Agreement fails to close by August 31, 2024. Buyer may but is not required to pay
Seller a non-refundable sum of One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000.00) (Extension Fee) which shall automatically
extend the Closing deadline by thirty (30) days. Buyer may pay the Extension Fee no more than three (3) times for a total of no more
than a ninety (90) day extension. The Extension Fee is NON-REFUNDABLE under any circumstances. The Extension Fee shall be applied to
and reduce the cash payable to Sellers at Close if the sale is completed.

7.Restrictive
Covenants. Section 6.3(b) is deleted and replaced in its entirety as follows:

For
a period of five (5) years from and after the Closing Date, each Restricted Person will not, directly or indirectly, solict for employment
(or attempt to solict for employment), any employee of the Company, Buyer or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates; provided
that each Restricted Person will not be prohibited from making general advertisements for employment if such advertisements are not
directed at such employees. This restriction shall not apply to solicitation of any employee that has been terminated by their respective
employer or resigns their employment with their respective employer so long as no solicitation has occurred during their employment.

8.Ratified
and Confirmed. The Purchase Agreement and Amendment, except as amended by this Third Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed
and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms and
provisions of this Third Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement and the Amendment, the terms and provisions
of this Third Amendment shall govern.

9.Employment
Agreements. As additional consideration for the this Third Amendment, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith and execute the employment
agreements with Brian Norton, T. Scott Madsen, Brett Bryant, and Douglas Edmunds by April 12, 2024. These employment agreements shall
become effective at the Closing.

10.Terms.
All capitalized terms used herein, but not defined herein, shall have the same meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.

11.Governing
Law and Venue. Section 11.3 of the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein mutatis mutandis.

12.Headings.
The paragraph headings contained herein are included solely for the convenience of reference and shall not be considered in the interpretation
of this Third Amendment nor shall the same be deemed to alter or modify the terms of this Third Amendment.

13.Execution/Counterparts.
This Third Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Third Amendment by facsimile,
.pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to the Third Amendment.

[Signatures
appear on the following page.]

3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Third Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement on the date first above
written.

BUYER:

DANAM HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name:
Prashant
Patel

Title:
President

COMPANY

WELLGISTICS, LLC

By: 

Name:
Brian
Norton

Title:
CEO

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE

Brian Norton

Signature
Page to Third Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement

FOURTH
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
FOURTH AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Fourth Amendment) is effective as of this 23rd
day of August, 2024, by and among (i) DANAM HEALTH INC., a Delaware corporation (Buyer); (ii) WELLGISTICS
LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii) STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC, a Utah limited liability
company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Nomad), JOUSKA
HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska; together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively,
Sellers and, each a Seller); (iv) the Persons identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II
hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and, each, a Seller Owner; Seller Owners, together
with the Sellers, the Seller Parties and, each, a Seller Party); and (v) BRIAN NORTON,
a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity as Seller Representative (Seller Representative; together with
Buyers, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively, the Parties and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A. The
Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May
11, 2023 (the Original Purchase Agreement and together with the amendments
listed below and this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement), concerning
the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly
described in the Original Purchase Agreement.

B. The
Parties amended the Original Purchase Agreement pursuant to a certain First Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2023, a certain Second Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 26, 2023, and a certain Third Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2024; and

C. The
Parties desire to further amend the Purchase Agreement as provided in this Amendment.

AMENDMENT

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Incorporation
of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of
this Amendment to the same extent as if set forth herein.

2. Annex
I. Annex I to the Purchase Agreement is amended by:

(a)
Adding the following definitions:

Buyer
Shares means shares of capital stock of Buyer.

IPO
means the date of the effectiveness of an initial public offering of any of Buyers capital stock pursuant to a registration statement
filed with the SEC relating to the sale of such stock under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and in connection with such offering
such stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market LLC or other national stock exchange that Buyer shall disclose to Seller
Representative.

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

(b)
Amending the definition of Promissory Notes in its entirety to be as follows:

Promissory
Notes mean those certain promissory notes issued by Buyer to Sellers at Closing in the aggregate original principal amount
of Fifteen Million and 00/000 Dollars ($15,000,000.00), substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

3. Purchase
Price. Section 1.2 of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety to be as follows:

1.2 Purchase
Price. The consideration for the Purchased Interests acquired by Buyer (collectively, the Purchase
Price) shall be the sum of (i) an amount in cash equal to Ten Million and No/100 Dollars ($10,000,000.00) (such amount to
be paid in accordance with Section 2.2) (the Closing Cash Payment), plus (ii) the aggregate principal
amount of Fifteen Million and No/100 Dollars ($15,000,000.00) in the form of the Promissory Notes, plus (iii) the Earn-Out Payments
(if any), to the extent earned and payable to Sellers in accordance with Section 2.5, plus, (iv) the Bonus Payments (if any),
to the extent earned and payable to Sellers in accordance with Section 2.6, plus (v) up to Twelve Thousand and No/100 Dollars
($12,000.00) to reimburse the Seller Parties for their attorneys fees in connection with the preparation and negotiation of
this Amendment and any additional fees incurred by the Seller Parties between the date of this Amendment and the IPO (the
Fee Reimbursement). The Closing Cash Payment is subject to further adjustment as provided in Section 1.3
and Section 1.5.

4. Closing
Date. The Closing and the Closing Date shall be on such date as all conditions set forth
in Article IX are satisfied, but in no event later than the date on which the Zions Bank
consent is received, which is anticipated to occur by August 26, 2024.

5. Payments
at Closing and IPO. Section 2.2 of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety
to be as follows:

2.2 Actions
at Closing and upon IPO.

(a) On
the Closing Date, Buyer shall make (or cause one or more of its Affiliates to make) the following payments or deliveries:

(i) One
Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) payable to Zions Bank by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to instructions
given to Buyer in writing by Seller Representative (the Zions Payment); and

(ii) To
secure Buyers obligation to make the Closing Payments, a pledge agreement in a form mutually agreeable to the parties (the Pledge
Agreement) duly executed by the principals of Buyer with respect to 125,000 shares of common stock of Trxade Health, Inc.
(the Pledged Equity) and all other documents described in the Pledge Agreement, to be held in escrow by Dykema Gossett
PLLC.

(b) No
later than the earlier to occur of (i) forty-five (45) calendar days following the IPO, and (ii) the first anniversary of the Closing
Date, Buyer shall make (or cause one or more of its Affiliates to make) the following payments or deliveries:

(i) to
the holders of Closing Date Debt set forth in the Closing Estimates (which amount shall also contain wire instructions for each such
Person), the payoff amounts, as specified in each Payoff Letter, except for any Closing Date Debt that Buyer agrees may remain outstanding;
provided that such amount of any Closing Date Debt so continued shall be deducted in determining the Closing Payment;

(ii) to
the holders of Closing Date Company Expenses set forth in the Closing Estimates (which such schedule shall also contain wire instructions
for each such Person);

(iii) the
Fee Reimbursement payable to Seller Representative by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to instructions given to
Buyer in writing by Seller Representative;

(iv) the
Promissory Notes payable to each of Sellers in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B in Sellers respective pro rata portions
and the Pledge Agreement and Security Agreement (each as defined in the Promissory Note and attached thereto);

(v) an
amount to each Seller of such Sellers pro rata portion of the following amounts (the aggregate amount of all such payments, the
Closing Payment), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account or accounts
designated by the Seller Representative on the Closing Date:

(A) the
Closing Cash Payment; minus

(B) the
Zions Payment; minus

(C) the
PP Holdback Amount; plus

(D) the
Closing Date Cash; minus

(E) the
Closing Date Debt; minus

(F) the
Closing Date Company Transaction Expenses; plus

(G) the
amount, if any, by which the Closing Net Working Capital exceeds the Target Net Working Capital; minus

(H) the
amount, if any, by which the Closing Net Working Capital is less than the Target Net Working Capital.

(c) Upon
delivery of the payments by Buyer in accordance with this Section 2.2, Buyers obligations to pay the Closing Payment shall be
deemed satisfied and discharged to the extent of such payment.

6. Deliveries
by Buyer. Section 2.4(b) of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety to be as
follows:

[Reserved]

7. Earn-Out.

(a) Section
2.5(a) of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety to be as follows:

(a) As
additional consideration for the Purchased Interests, Sellers shall be entitled to receive earn-out payments (the Earn-Out
Payments) in the form of Buyer Shares with an aggregate value of up to $15,000,000.00 (as used in this Agreement, the number
of Buyer Shares issued to Sellers is based upon the market price of said shares on the last day of each earn-out period defined below),
in accordance with the following:

(i) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Earn-Out Period) (A) Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers
valued at $3,333,333.33, (B) if the Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $47,200,000.00 (the 2024 Gross
Revenue Target), Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.34, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company is
greater than or equal to $4,200,000.00 (the 2024 EBITDA Target, and, together with the 2024 Gross Revenue Target,
the 2024 Targets) then Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.33. Sellers will have been deemed
to have met the 2024 Gross Revenue Target and/or the 2024 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of an
individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in calendar year 2024 is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2024 Targets
are achieved.

(ii) For
calendar year ending December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Earn-Out Period) (A) Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers
valued at $3,333,333.33, (B) if the Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $57,700,000.00 (the 2025 Gross
Revenue Target), then Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.34, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company
is greater than or equal to $6,500,000.00 (the 2025 EBITDA Target, and, together with the 2025 Gross Revenue Target,
the 2025 Targets) then Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.34. Sellers will have been deemed
to have met the 2025 Gross Revenue Target and/or the 2025 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of an
individual target. The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in calendar year 2025 is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2025 Targets
are achieved.

(iii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2026 (the 2026 Earn-Out Period) (A) Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers
valued at $3,333,333.33, (B) if Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $63,500,000.00 (the 2026 Gross Revenue
Target), then Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.34, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater
than or equal to $7,500,000.00 (the 2026 EBITDA Target, and, together with the 2026 Gross Revenue Target, the 2026
Targets) then Buyer shall issue Buyer Shares to Sellers valued at $833,333.34. Sellers will have been deemed to have met the
2026 Gross Revenue Target and/or the 2026 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of the individual target.
The highest Earn-Out Payment Sellers may achieve in calendar year 2026 is capped at $5,000,000.00 if both 2026 Targets are achieved.

Buyer
shall promptly file a registration statement with the SEC at Buyers sole expense covering resale to the public by the Sellers
of the Buyer Shares to be issued as Earn-Out Payments hereunder.

(b) Section
2.5(c) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by changing 2023 Earn-Out Period, 2024 Earn-Out Period and 2025
Earn-Out Period in the first phrase thereof to 2024 Earn-Out Period, 2025 Earn-Out Period and 2026
Earn-Out Period, respectively.

(c) Section
2.5(f) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by changing 2025 Earnout Period to 2026 Earnout Period.

(d) Section
2.5(g) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by (i) deleting clause (ii) thereof in its entirety and (ii) replacing the last sentence
thereof in its entirety with the following:

Additionally,
any Earn-Out Payment shall also be subject to a lockup period for public market sales of Buyer Shares; provided, however, that such lockup
period shall not exceed 90 days from the date of the issuance of the applicable Buyer Shares.

8. Additional
Bonus. Section 2.6 of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety to be as follows:

2.6 Additional
Bonus.

(a) As
additional consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Interests, Sellers may be entitled to receive issuances of Buyer Shares (as
used in this Section, the number of Buyer Shares issued to Seller is based upon the market price of said shares on each December 31 referenced
below) and cash bonus payments (the Bonus Payments) in accordance with the following:

(i) For the calendar year ending December 31, 2024, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus
equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2024 EBITDA Target as described in
Section 2.5(a)(i)(C). The bonus shall be payable one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

(ii) For the calendar year ending December 31, 2025, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus
equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2025 EBITDA Target as described in
Section 2.5(a)(ii)(C). The bonus shall be payable one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

(iii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2026, Sellers shall be entitled to receive a bonus equal to fifteen percent (15%) of Company EBITDA
in excess of one hundred ten percent (110%) of the 2026 EBITDA Target as described in Section 2.5(a)(iii)(C). The bonus shall be payable
one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash.

(b) Each
Bonus Payment shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 2.5(c)-(f).

9. No
Obligation. Section 2.7 of the Purchase Agreement is amended by the adding the following
at the end: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer shall act in good faith and use commercially
reasonable efforts to operate the Company in a manner that does not deliberately or negligently
reduce the likelihood of achieving the Earn-Out Payments or Bonus Payments.

10. Representations
and Warranties of Sellers. Article III of the Purchase Agreement and any associated Schedules
are amended as follows:

(a) The
Company is in default under its credit facility with Zions Bank.

(b) The
second sentence of Section 3.12(b) is amended in its entirety to be as follows: The
Leases are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the
Company, any other party thereto is in default or breach under any such Lease.

(c) Section
3.15(d)(iv) is amended in its entirety to be as follows: the Company has not received
any notice that it is in conflict with or infringing upon the asserted intellectual property
rights of others in connection with the Company Intellectual Property, and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, neither the Companys use of the Company Intellectual Property nor
the operation of the Companys business is infringing, has infringed upon, is violating,
has violated or misappropriated any intellectual property rights of any Person;.

(d) Section
3.15(f)(v) is amended in its entirety to be as follows: the Company has not received
any notice that it is in conflict with or infringing upon the asserted intellectual property
rights of others in connection with the Licensed Intellectual Property, and, to the Knowledge
of the Company, neither the Companys use of the Licensed Intellectual Property nor
the operation of the Companys business is infringing or has infringed upon any intellectual
property rights of others;.

(e) Section
3.15 is amended by adding the following at the end:

(l)
Any and all forms of intellectual property developed by Buyer or the Company following the Closing and prior to the IPO that is directly
related to the Company or the Company activities shall be held by the Company.

(f) Section
3.18 is amended by replacing or otherwise threatened in the second sentence
thereof with or, to the Knowledge of the Company, otherwise threatened.

(g) Section
3.21(b) is amended by replacing no pending or threatened in the second sentence
thereof with no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(h) Section
3.25 is amended by replacing it in its entirety with [Reserved].

(i) Section
3.26(e) is amended by replacing the last sentence thereof in its entirety with the following:
Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any downstream business
associate, vendor or Subcontractor (as such term is defined under HIPAA) has materially breached
any material term of any Business Associate Agreement.

(j) Article
III is amended by adding the following as a new Section 3.32:

Section
3.32 No Other Representations and Warranties. EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY CONTAINED IN
THIS ARTICLE III (INCLUDING THE RELATED PORTIONS OF THE SCHEDULES) AND IN ANY CERTIFICATE DELIVERED BY A SELLER PURSUANT TO THIS
AGREEMENT, NO SELLER NOR ANY OTHER PERSON ON BEHALF OF SUCH SELLER HAS MADE OR MAKES ANY OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY, EITHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION
FURNISHED OR MADE AVAILABLE TO BUYER AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES OR AS TO THE FUTURE REVENUE, PROFITABILITY, OR SUCCESS OF THE
COMPANY.

11. Updates
to Disclosure Schedules. Seller reserves the right to update the Disclosure Schedules
attached to the Purchase Agreement at any time following the execution of this Amendment
and prior to the Closing Date with respect to any matter first arising after the date of
the Purchase Agreement. Any updates to the Schedules shall be made in writing and promptly
delivered to Buyer. The updates shall clearly specify the changes being made and the reasons
for such changes. Buyer shall not have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement, to
claim any breach of the Purchase Agreement, or to seek any remedy, whether in law or in equity,
solely on the basis of any updates to the Schedules, unless such updates reflect the occurrence
of a Material Adverse Effect, and, in such case, Buyers sole remedy shall be to terminate
the Purchase Agreement. Any updates to the Schedules made in accordance with this provision
shall be deemed to be a part of the Purchase Agreement as if they were included at the time
of execution.

12. Covenants.
Article V of the Purchase Agreement is amended by adding the following at the end of
Article V:

5.6 IPO.
Immediately following the execution of the Fourth Amendment to this Agreement, Seller Representative shall have the right to appoint
an individual of their choosing (Seller IPO Rep) to be included as an active participant in the preparation of and
discussion of any and all documents being prepared or filed with the SEC for purposes of effecting the IPO of Buyer. Buyer will add Seller
IPO Rep to applicable calls with Buyers attorneys, the SEC and Buyers board of directors, and shall permit Seller IPO Rep
to review and comment on all documents being prepared for the IPO. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this section shall require
the consent of Seller IPO Rep as a condition of Buyers submission of any documents to the SEC for review.

13. Restrictive
Covenants. Section 6.3 of the Purchase Agreement is amended by changing the Closing
Date to May 11, 2023 in the first line of each of paragraph (a), (b)
and (c) thereof.

14. Employment
Agreements. Article VI is amended by adding the following as a new Section 6.8:

6.8 Employment
Agreements. At or promptly following Closing, Buyer shall enter into employment agreements with Brian Norton, Scott Madsen, Brett
Bryant, Jason Lang, and Doug Edmunds. Such agreements shall be in a form mutually agreeable to Buyer and the parties thereto and such
form shall be delivered to the parties on or before the Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the employment agreements shall not
be a condition to Buyers obligations under this Agreement.

15. Share
Issuances. Article VI is further amended by adding the following as a new Section 6.9:

6.9 Share
Issuances. Buyer shall take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary, proper or advisable to ensure that all issuances of Buyer
Shares pursuant to Sections 2.5 and 2.6 hereof are duly authorized by the requisite corporate action of Buyer and/or its shareholders,
as may be required by Buyers governing documents, and that such issuances are completed in accordance with all state and federal
securities laws.

16. Survival
of Representations and Warranties. Section 8.2(b) of the Purchase Agreement is amended
by changing the Closing Date to May 11, 2023.

17. Limitations
on Liability. Sections 8.3(c)(i) and (ii) of the Purchase Agreement are amended in their
entirety to be as follows:

(i)
Seller Cap. Seller Parties shall not be required to indemnify Buyer pursuant to, and shall not have any further liability under,
Section 8.1(a)(i) once the aggregate amount of all payments made by or on behalf of Seller Parties in respect of the indemnification
obligations under Section 8.1(a)(i) equals fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price (the Seller Cap); provided
that this Section 8.3(c)(i) shall not apply to any Damages related to any inaccuracy or breach of any Fundamental Representation
or any claim based on Fraud, and no such amounts related thereto shall be counted towards the Seller Cap.

(ii)
Buyer Cap. Buyer shall not be required to indemnify any Seller Party pursuant to, and shall not have any further liability under, Section
8.1(b)(i), once the aggregate amount of all payments made by or on behalf of Buyer in respect of the indemnification obligations under
Section 8.1(b)(i), equals fifty percent (50%) of the Purchase Price (the Buyer Cap); provided that
this Section 8.3(c)(i) shall not apply to any Damages related to any claim based on Fraud, and no such amounts related thereto shall
be counted towards the Buyer Cap.

18. Other
Indemnification Matters.

(a) Section
8.1(a)(i) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by deleting the following parenthetical: (or
an alleged breach arising from an Indemnification Claim arising from an allegation by a third
party that, if true, would be a breach of).

(b) Each
of Section 8.1(a)(iii), Section 8.1(a)(iv) and Section 8.1(a)(v) of the Purchase Agreement
is amended by replacing it in its entirety with [Reserved].

(c) Section
8.2(b)(i) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by deleting the following words Section
3.22 (Transactions with Affiliates),.

(d) Section
8.3(a) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by changing the first parenthetical to be as
follows: (solely with respect to the calculation of Damages, but not for purposes
of determining whether a breach has occurred).

(e) Section
8.4(a)(i)(B) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by replacing the determination thereof
with the final non-appealable determination thereof.

(f) Section
8.5(a) of the Purchase Agreement is amended by adding the following at the end of the last
sentence thereof: provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may not agree to any
compromise or settlement without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (not
to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(g) Section
8.6 of the Purchase Agreement is amended by adding the following at the end:

(e) Sellers
shall not be obligated to indemnify the Buyer Indemnified Parties with respect to any matter or item to the extent that, based
upon or arising out of any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of Sellers contained in this Agreement
if Buyer had knowledge of such inaccuracy or breach prior to the Closing or there was contradictory information in any information made
available to Buyer in the data room maintained in connection with the Transactions.

19. Conditions
to Obligations of Buyer. Buyer waives the conditions set forth in Section 9.2(f) and
9.2(g) of the Purchase Agreement.

20. Termination.
Article X of the Purchase Agreement is amended as follows:

(a) Section
10.1(b) is amended by changing the reference to September 30, 2023 to August
31, 2024.

(b) Section
10.1(g) is amended in its entirety to be as follows:

[Reserved]

21. Several
Liability. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Purchase Agreement, as amended,
to the contrary, including the joint and several language in Section 1.3(h)(ii), the opening
language in Article III, the opening language in Section 7.1, Section 7.2(a), Section 8.1(a)
and Section 8.4(a)(i)(A), each Seller makes such representations and warranties with respect
to the Company on a several basis, and each Seller only indemnifies the applicable Buyer
Indemnified Parties for such Sellers pro rata share (based on its Pro Rata Percentage
set forth on Annex II) of any Damages; provided, however, that, each Seller shall be solely
responsible for any breach of any representations and warranties in Article III with respect
to such Seller itself.

22. Change
of Control Bonus. Buyer shall cause to be paid one-time cash bonuses (the COC
Bonus) to certain employees of the Company in accordance with a schedule to be
prepared by the Company and delivered to Buyer at Closing (the Change of Control
Bonus Schedule) not to exceed $275,000.00 in the aggregate. The COC Bonus shall
be payable by Buyer within forty-five (45) calendar days of the IPO and shall not be considered
a Company Transaction Expense, Company Debt or Required Cash.

23. Company
Operations. The day-to-day business operations of the Company following Closing and prior
to Buyers payment of the Closing Payment shall be managed and directed by Brian Norton
consistent with the Companys ordinary course of business, including all decisions
concerning operations, employment matters, procurement, and sales activities. Brian Norton
shall have sole signatory authority to bind the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Brian
Norton shall be required to make regular reports to the board of directors of Buyer or such
other person or persons as the Buyer may select and work in good faith to coordinate the
Companys activities and decision making. Until the later to occur of (a) the Closing
Payment, and (b) the State of Florida approving the change of ownership prescription drug
wholesale distribution application number 4121, the Company shall not be integrated in any
manner into Buyer or any of its Affiliates, shall maintain distinct financial statements
and bank accounts and shall not distribute any amounts to any members.

24. Release
of Claims. As additional consideration for the increase in consideration under this Amendment,
Seller Parties, on behalf of each Seller Party and such Seller Partys affiliates,
directors, members, employees, managers, officers, agents and representatives (Releasing
Seller Party), shall release each other Seller Party, including such other Seller
Partys affiliates, directors, members, employees, managers, officers, agents and representatives
(Released Seller Party) from any and all claims, rights, demands, debts,
liabilities, controversies, and causes of action, whether known or unknown, suspected or
unsuspected, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, actual or contingent, liquidated
or unliquidated, accrued or unaccrued, sounding in tort, contract or otherwise, at law or
in equity, that exist or may exist with respect to the Released Seller Party as of the date
of Closing, except expressly excluding the representations, warranties, and indemnification
provisions of the Purchase Agreement. Each Seller Party shall execute a release or letter
of transmittal to this effect as a condition of receiving any payment under the Purchase
Agreement; any payment due to a Seller Party refusing to so execute the release or letter
of transmittal shall have their payment, if any, held in escrow until such time as the release
or letter of transmittal has been duly executed.

25. Multiple
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by
facsimile, .pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart to the Agreement.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Fourth Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement on the date first above written.

BUYER: 

DANAM HEALTH INC. 

By:

Name:
Timothy
Canning 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

COMPANY: SELLER
REPRESENTATIVE

WELLGISTICS LLC 

By:

Name:
Brian
Norton Brian
Norton

Title:
CEO 

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Promissory Note

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. IT MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED
FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SUCH ACT
AND/OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED,
OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OF SUCH ACT.

DANAM
HEALTH, INC. PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Danam Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), promises to pay to the order of
the noteholder set forth on the signature page attached hereto (the Holder), or its permitted successors
and assigns, the principal amount set forth on the signature page attached hereto, or such lesser amount as shall equal the outstanding
principal amount hereof, together with interest from the date of this Promissory Note (this Note). All unpaid
principal, together with any then accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable hereunder, shall be due and payable on the
earliest to occur of (i) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective, and (ii) [_________], 20274 (such date,
the Maturity Date).

Holder
acknowledges that this Note is one of a series of Promissory Notes of like tenor (collectively, the Notes)
being issued.

The
following is a statement of the rights of the Holder of this Note and the conditions to which this Note is subject, to which the Holder,
by the acceptance of this Note, agrees:

Interest,
Repayment and Prepayment.

Interest.
Interest on this Note shall be simple interest from the date of this Note on the unpaid principal balance at a rate equal to
the Prime Rate published by The Wall Street Journal on January 1st of the applicable year, computed on the basis of
the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days. Accrued interest on this Note shall be payable annually to the Holder in immediately
available funds on the anniversary Date of this Note, commencing on the first anniversary of the Date of this Note, with the final payment
due on the Maturity Date.

4
To be three years from the date the note is executed.

Repayment.
The outstanding principal amount of this Note shall be payable 33.33% of the original principal balance on the first and second anniversaries
of the Date of this Note and 33.34% of the original principal amount on the Maturity Date.

Prepayment.
The Company shall have the right to prepay the principal amount of this Note, in full or in part, together with all accrued interest,
at any time and from time to time. Any prepayment amount received by the Holder shall be applied, unless otherwise specified, first to
any accrued but unpaid interest, and then to the principal amount of this Note through the date of such prepayment. Any such prepayment
of principal shall be payable without any premium or penalty of any kind.

Default;
Remedies.

Default.
The Company shall be in default under this Note upon the happening of any condition or event set forth below (each, an Event
of Default):

(a)
the Companys failure to pay when due any principal or interest payment on the due date hereunder and such default shall continue
unremedied for a period of ten (10) days following receipt of written notice signed by the Holder of such failure to pay, provided, if
the Holder has given one (1) notice of a payment failure under this Note, the Holder shall not have to give any additional notices;

(b)
the Companys default under the Pledge Agreement (as defined below) or the Security Agreement (as defined below);

(c)
the Company shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of itself or of all or
a substantial part of its property, (ii) be unable, or admit in writing its inability, to pay its debts as they mature, (iii) make a
general assignment for the benefit of its or any of its creditors, (iv) be dissolved or liquidated, (v) become insolvent (as such term
may be defined or interpreted under any applicable statute), (vi) commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter
in effect or consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession of its property by any official in an involuntary
case or other proceeding commenced against it, or (vii) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or

(d)
proceedings for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator or custodian of the Company or of all or a substantial part of the
property thereof, or an involuntary case or other proceedings seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the
Company or the debts thereof under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect shall be commenced and
an order for relief entered or such proceeding shall not be dismissed or discharged within ninety (90) days of commencement.

Remedies.

Upon
the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default, the unpaid principal shall at the option of the Holder bear interest thereafter
at a rate five percent (5%) per annum in excess of the then current interest rate otherwise payable hereunder (the Default
Rate).

Upon
the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default under Section 2.1(a), the Holder of this Note may, by written notice to the
Company, declare the entire outstanding principal amount of the Note, any accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable thereunder,
to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived.

2

Upon
the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default described in Sections 2.1(b) or 2.1(c), immediately and without notice,
the entire outstanding principal amount of the Notes, any accrued but unpaid interest and any other amounts payable under the Notes shall
automatically become immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

If
the Company shall fail to make any payment under the terms of this Note within five (5) days after the date such payment is due, the
Company shall pay to the Holder on demand a late charge equal to five percent (5%) of such payment.

In
addition to the foregoing remedies, upon the occurrence or existence of any Event of Default, the Holder may exercise any other right
power or remedy otherwise permitted to it by law, either by suit in equity or by action at law, or both.

Security.
The Companys obligations under this Note and all of the Notes are secured by (a) a pledge and security agreement dated the
date hereof (the Pledge Agreement) between the Company and Brian Norton (Seller Representative),
as the Holders and each other holder of the Notes representative and attorney-in-fact, that grants a security interest in all
of Companys right, title and interest in the membership interests of Wellgistics, LLC (Wellgistics),
the certificates representing any such interests, all options and other rights, contractual or otherwise, in respect thereof and all
dividends, distributions, cash, instruments and other property or proceeds from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the foregoing, all as set forth more completely in the Pledge Agreement, and (b) a security
agreement dated the date hereof (the Security Agreement) between Wellgistics and Seller Representative, as
the Holders and each other holder of the Notes representative and attorney-in-fact, that grants a security interest in all assets
of Wellgistics, including, but not limited to, tangible and intangible personal property, inventory, equipment, instruments, documents,
letter of credit rights, accounts, claims, and general intangibles, all as set forth more completely in the Security Agreement. The security
interest shall be perfected by the possession of the Collateral by Seller Representative on behalf of the Holders.

Subordination.
The indebtedness evidenced by this Note is subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of any Senior Indebtedness in
existence on the date of this Note or hereafter incurred, provided the Company shall notify the Holder on the Date of this Note of all
existing and future Senior Indebtedness, including the material terms thereof and other information requested by the Holder and shall
be obligated to make all required payments under this Note until the Holder has received written notice from a holder of Senior Indebtedness
that an event of default thereunder exists and such holder is enforcing its rights against the Company. Senior Indebtedness
shall mean, unless expressly subordinated to the amounts due under this Note, all amounts due in connection with (i) indebtedness of
the Company for borrowed money, (ii) any such indebtedness or any debentures, notes or other evidence of indebtedness issued in exchange
for such Senior Indebtedness, or any indebtedness arising from the satisfaction of such Senior Indebtedness by a guarantor, or (iii)
any indebtedness incurred as part of a financing transaction of the Company whereby the Company borrows funds to effect a merger or other
business combination. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude the enforcement of the Pledge Agreement or the Security Agreement by Seller
Representative or the application of any proceeds from such enforcement to the Companys obligations under this Note and all of
the Notes, subject to the applicable rights of a holder of Senior Indebtedness.

Representations
of Holder.

Accredited
Investor. The Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D prescribed by the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act), as such rule
is presently in effect. If other than an individual, the Holder has not been organized for the specific purpose of acquiring the Notes
(the Securities). The Holder agrees to furnish any additional information requested by the Company or any
of its affiliates to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws in connection with the purchase and sale
of the Note.

3

Foreign
Investors. If Holder is not a United States person or is deemed not to be a United States person under Rule 902(k)(2) of the
Securities Act, Holder hereby represents (i) that Holder has not and will not solicit offers to buy, offer to sale or sell the Note,
or any beneficial interest therein in the United States or to or for the account of a United States person or engage in any hedging transactions
involving the Note; (ii) that it has not engaged, nor is it aware that any party has engaged, and it will not engage or cause any third
party to engage, in any directed selling efforts (as such term is defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act) in the United States
with respect to the Note; (iii) that it is not a distributor or dealer (as such terms are defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act);
(iv) that it is not acquiring the Note for the account or benefit of any United States person; (v) that the Notes and any transactions
contemplated by the Note will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of the Holders jurisdiction; and (vi) that it
has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to invest any amounts
in connection with the Notes, including (A) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction in connection with the Notes and any transactions
contemplated by the Note, (B) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to the Notes and any transactions contemplated by the Note,
(C) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (D) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that
may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale, or transfer of the Notes.

Purchase
Entirely for Own Account. This Note is issued in reliance upon the Holders representation to the Company that the Note
is acquired for investment for the Holders own account, not as a nominee or agent (unless otherwise specified on the Holders
signature page hereto), and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Holder has no present intention
of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. By executing this Note, the Holder further represents
that the Holder does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement, or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations
to such person or to any third person with respect to the Note.

Information.
The Holder acknowledges that it has received all the information it considers necessary or appropriate to enable it to make an informed
decision concerning an investment in the Note. The Holder further represents that it has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive
answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the Note. The Holder confirms that the Company has not given any guarantee
or representation as to the potential success, return, effect or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise)
of an investment in the Note. In deciding to purchase the Note, the Holder is not relying on the advice or recommendations of the Company
and has made its own independent decision that the investment in the Note is suitable and appropriate for the Holder. The Holder understands
that no federal or state agency has passed upon the merits or risks of an investment in the Note or made any finding or determination
concerning the fairness or advisability of this investment.

Residency.
In the case of a Holder who is an individual, the state of the Holders residency, or, in the case of a Holder that is a corporation,
partnership or other entity, the state of the Holders principal place of business, is correctly set forth on the signature page
to this Note.

Tax
and Legal Advice. The Holder is not relying on nor has relied on the Company or any of the Companys officers, directors,
managers, equity holders, representatives, agents or advisers (including, without limitation, Nelson Mullins Riley and Scarborough LLP,
legal counsel for the Company), for any advice, including, without limitation, any financial, tax or legal advice in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Note. The Holder has had an opportunity to consult with its legal counsel and tax and other advisers
regarding the purchase of the Note. The Holder shall be responsible for any and all taxes, duties and other similar charges payable in
connection with the issuance of the Note, and hereby agrees to indemnify the Company and its successors and assigns with respect to same.

4

Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Holder as of the date hereof that:

Organization,
Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets,
to carry on its business as presently conducted, to execute and deliver the Note, and to perform its obligations thereunder.

Authorization.
All corporate action on the part of the Company necessary for the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Note, and the
performance of all of the Companys obligations thereunder has been taken or will be taken prior to the date hereof. The Note,
when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except (i) as limited by laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency and the relief of debtors and
(ii) as limited by rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and by general principles
of equity.

Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted
herein shall be a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday.

Cumulative
Rights. No delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power or right under this Note shall operate as a waiver of any
such power or right, nor shall a single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude other or further exercise of such power or
right or the exercise of any other power or right.

Miscellaneous.

Payment.
All payments under this Note shall be made in lawful tender of the United States.

Waivers
and Amendments. This Note and the obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holder under this Note may be amended, waived,
discharged or terminated (either generally or in a particular instance, either retroactively or prospectively and either for a specified
period of time or indefinitely) with the written consent of the Company and a majority of the holders of all the Notes (Majority
Holders); provided, however, that any amendment, waiver or discharge which would disproportionately and adversely affect
the Holder relative to the other holders of Notes must be approved in writing by the Holder. The Holder acknowledges that, notwithstanding
the absence of a Note Purchase Agreement or similar agreement to which all purchasers of Notes are parties, (i) an amendment, waiver,
discharge or termination effected in accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon the Holder and the Company, and (ii) the Majority
Holders shall have the right and power to diminish or eliminate all rights under the Notes pursuant to this Section.

Notices.
Any notice required or permitted by this Note shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered (i) personally, (ii)
by overnight courier, (iii) sent by email (upon customary confirmation of receipt), or (iv) forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited
in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, in each case addressed to the party to be notified at such partys
mailing address or email address as set forth on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice pursuant to the terms
hereof, or if no mailing address or email address is specified on the signature page, at the most recent mailing address or email address
set forth in the Companys books and records.

Severability.
If one or more provisions of this Note are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision(s) shall be excluded from this
Note and the balance of this Note shall be interpreted as if such provision(s) were so excluded and shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms.

5

Successors
and Assigns.

Neither
this Note nor any rights hereunder may be assigned, conveyed, or transferred, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent
of the Company, which the Company may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the Holder is an
entity, the Holder shall be permitted to transfer this Note to any affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act)
of the Holder who (a) executes and delivers to the Company an acknowledgement that such affiliate agrees to be subject to, and bound
by, all the terms and conditions of this Note, (b) makes the representations and warranties to the Company that are set forth in this
Note and (c) (if requested by the Company) delivers to the Company an opinion of legal counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
that such transfer complies with state and federal securities laws, and (ii) if the Holder is an individual, the Holder may transfer
this Note to a trust established for a direct lineal descendant of the Holder or a similar vehicle for estate planning purposes who (a)
executes and delivers to the Company an acknowledgement that such trust or similar vehicle agrees to be subject to, and bound by, all
the terms and conditions of this Note, (b) makes the representations and warranties to the Company that are set forth in this Note, and
(c) (if requested by the Company) delivers to the Company an opinion of legal counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such
transfer complies with state and federal securities laws.

Any
purported transfer or assignment of any portion of the Holders rights or obligations hereunder in contravention of this section
shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing, the provisions of this Note shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators of the Company and the Holder.

Usury.
In the event any interest is paid on this Note, or a fee that is deemed interest, which is in excess of the then-applicable legal maximum
rate, then that portion of the interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then-applicable legal maximum rate shall be deemed
a payment of principal and applied against the principal of this Note.

Pari
Passu Notes. The Holder acknowledges and agrees that the payment of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of
this Note and all interest hereon shall be pari passu in right of payment and in all other respects to the other Notes.

In
the event the Holder receives payments in excess of its pro rata share of the Companys payments to the holders of all of the Notes,
then the Holder shall hold in trust all such excess payments for the benefit of the holders of the other Notes and shall pay such amounts
held in trust to such other holders upon demand by such holders.

Titles
and Subtitles. The titles of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Note are for convenience of reference only and are not
to be considered in construing this Note.

Construction.
The language used in this Note will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

Expenses.
If any attorney is engaged by the Holder to enforce or defend any provision of this Note, or as a consequence of any Event of Default
hereunder, with or without the filing of any legal action or proceeding, and including, without limitation, any fees and expenses incurred
in any bankruptcy proceeding of the Company, then the Company shall immediately pay to the Holder, upon demand, the amount of all reasonable
attorneys fees and expenses and all costs incurred by the Holder in connection therewith, together with interest thereon from
the date of such demand until paid at the rate of interest applicable to the principal balance of this Note as specified herein.

6

Counterparts;
Electronic Signature. This Note may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together
will be deemed to be one and the same agreement. Counterparts may be executed and delivered via facsimile, email (including PDF or any
electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method, and any
counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Governing
Law. THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS SUCH LAWS ARE APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS
BETWEEN DELAWARE RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN DELAWARE. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED IN DELAWARE, AS APPLICABLE, FOR ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS NOTE, EXCEPT THAT IN ACTIONS SEEKING TO ENFORCE ANY ORDER OR ANY JUDGMENT OF SUCH FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS LOCATED IN
DELAWARE, SUCH PERSONAL JURISDICTION SHALL BE NONEXCLUSIVE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW IN EFFECT FROM TIME
TO TIME, THE HOLDER AND THE COMPANY HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT IT MIGHT AT ANY TIME HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY ON ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, SETOFF,
DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS AND
REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN ALL OF THE FOREGOING CASES WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT,
OR OTHERWISE.

[Signature
Page Follows]

7

This
Promissory Note is executed by duly authorized representatives of the below signatories.

DANAM
HEALTH, INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Address:

100
Whitaker Road

Lutz,
FL 33549

ACCEPTED
AND AGREED: 

(Print
name of individual or entity Holder) 

Principal:
$ 

By:

Name:

Title
(if applicable): 

Address: 

E-mail:

Date
of Note: 

8

FIFTH
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
FIFTH AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is effective as of this 4th day of
November, 2024, by and among (i) WELLGISTICS HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation and successor in interest to Danam Health, Inc.
(Buyer); (ii) WELLGISTICS LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company) (iii)
STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah limited
liability company (Nomad), JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska;
together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively, Sellers and, each a Seller); (iv) the Persons
identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and, each, a Seller
Owner; Seller Owners, together with the Sellers, shall be referred to as the Seller Parties and, each,
a Seller Party); and (v) BRIAN NORTON, a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity as Seller Representative
(Seller Representative; together with Buyers, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively, the Parties
and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A. The
Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May
11, 2023 (the Original Purchase Agreement and together with the amendments
listed below and this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement), concerning
the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly
described in the Original Purchase Agreement;

B. The
Parties amended the Original Purchase Agreement pursuant to a certain First Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2023, a certain Second Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 26, 2023, and a certain Third Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2024; and a certain Fourth Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2024; and

C. The
Parties desire to further amend the Purchase Agreement as provided in this Amendment.

AMENDMENT

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Incorporation
of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of
this Amendment to the same extent as if set forth herein.

2. Annex
I. Annex I to the Purchase Agreement is amended by:

(a) Adding
the following definition:

Conversion
Price means $1.0002 per share

3. Earn-Out.

(a) Section
2.5(a) of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, shall be amended and restated in its entirety
as follows:

(a)
Issuance of Earn-Out Shares. As additional consideration for the Purchased Interests, Seller Parties shall immediately receive
earn-out payments (the Earn-Out Payments) in the form of 14,997,503 Buyer Shares, allocated pro-rata among
the Seller Parties (Earn-Out Shares). Buyer shall have the option (the Unvested Share Repurchase Option)
to repurchase any shares of Earn-Out Shares to the extent they have not vested pursuant to Sections 2.5(a)(i),(ii) or (iii) below
(Unvested Shares). The Unvested Shares shall vest as follows:

1

(i) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Earn-Out Period) (A) an aggregate number of Unvested Shares
shall vest totaling 3,332,779 Earn-Out Shares, (B) if the Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $47,200,000.00
(the 2024 Gross Revenue Target), an aggregate number of Unvested Shares shall vest totaling 833,195 Earn-Out
Shares, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater than or equal to $4,200,000.00 (the 2024 EBITDA Target,
and, together with meeting the 2024 Gross Revenue Target, the 2024 Targets) then an aggregate number of Unvested
Shares shall vest totaling 833,195 Earn-Out Shares. Seller Parties will have been deemed to have met the 2024 Gross Revenue Target
and/or the 2024 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of each individual target. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, the highest number of Unvested Sellers that vest in calendar year 2024 is capped at 4,999,168 Earn-Out Shares if all
2024 Targets are achieved, and for 2024 the Buyer shall be deemed to have automatically exercised, redeemed and cancelled an amount of
Unvested Shares equal to 4,999,168 minus the Earn-Out Shares vested in 2024.

(ii) For
calendar year ending December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Earn-Out Period) (A) An aggregate number of Unvested Shares shall
vest totaling 3,332,779 Earn-Out Shares, (B) if the Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $57,700,000.00
(the 2025 Gross Revenue Target), then an aggregate number of Unvested Shares shall vest totaling 833,195
Earn-Out Shares, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater than or equal to $6,500,000.00 (the 2025 EBITDA Target,
and, together with meeting the 2025 Gross Revenue Target, the 2025 Targets) then an aggregate number of Unvested
Shares shall vest totaling 833,195 Earn-Out Shares. Seller Parties will have been deemed to have met the 2025 Gross Revenue Target
and/or the 2025 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of each individual target. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, the highest number of Unvested Shares that vest in calendar year 2025 is capped at 4,999,168 Earn-Out Shares if all 2025
Targets are achieved, for 2025 the Buyer shall be deemed to have automatically exercised, redeemed and cancelled an amount of Unvested
Shares equal to 4,999,168 minus the Earn-Out Shares vested in 2025.

(iii) For
the calendar year ending December 31, 2026 (the 2026 Earn-Out Period) (A) An aggregate number of Unvested Shares
shall vest totaling 3,332,779 Earn-Out Shares, (B) if Gross Revenues of the Company are greater than or equal to $63,500,000.00
(the 2026 Gross Revenue Target), then then an aggregate number of Unvested Shares shall vest totaling 833,195
Earn-Out Shares, and (C) if the EBITDA of the Company is greater than or equal to $7,500,000.00 (the 2026 EBITDA Target,
and, together with meeting the 2026 Gross Revenue Target, the 2026 Targets) then then an aggregate number of Unvested
Shares shall vest totaling 833,195 Earn-Out Shares. Seller Parties will have been deemed to have met the 2026 Gross Revenue Target
and/or the 2026 EBITDA Target if the final figures are at least ninety percent (90%) of each individual target. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
however, the highest number of Unvested Shares that vest in calendar year 2026 is capped at 4,999,168 Earn-Out Shares if all 2026
Targets are achieved, for 2026 the Buyer shall be deemed to have automatically exercised, redeemed and cancelled an amount of Unvested
Shares equal to 4,999,168 minus the Earn-Out Shares vested in 2026.

The
maximum number of Buyer Shares issuable under the Earn-Out Payments above shall be 14,997,503 Buyer Shares.

The
Earn-Out Shares shall be subject to Registration Rights and market-standoff provisions described in Section 2.5(i) below, as well as
any other restrictions referenced herein.

2

All
references to the number of Earn Out Shares or the Conversion Price herein shall be adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations
and the like.

(b) Additional Sections
2.5(g) and 2.5(h) and 2.5(i) of the Purchase Agreement shall provide the following:

(g) Repurchase
and Cancellation and Security. As stated above, for each calendar year of 2024, 2025 and 2026, for the amount of the 4,999,168 Unvested
Shares subject to the Unvested Share Repurchase Option as result of missing the terms of that years applicable Targets, the
Buyer shall be deemed to have automatically exercised its Unvested Share Repurchase Option for consideration equal to nominal value
of $0.0001 per share and without any further right, obligation or liability of any kind or nature on the part of Buyer, and those
cancelled and redeemed Buyer Shares shall be deemed forfeited. As security for Seller Parties faithful performance of the
terms of this Agreement and to ensure the availability for delivery of the Buyer Shares upon exercise of the Unvested Share
Repurchase Option herein provided for, each Seller Party agrees to deliver to and deposit with Buyer one stock assignment duly
endorsed (with date and number of shares blank) in the form reasonably requested by the Buyer, together with the certificate or
certificates evidencing the Earn-Out Shares.

(h) Restrictions
on Unvested Shares. Subject to the limitations contemplated herein, the Seller Parties shall be entitled to the voting and dividend
rights generally granted to holders of Buyer Shares with regards to the Earn-Out Shares, including Unvested Shares; provided that
the Unvested Shares may not be offered, sold, transferred, redeemed, assigned, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or otherwise disposed
of (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by any Seller Party or be subject to execution, attachment or similar process without the
consent of Buyer, and shall bear a customary legend with respect to such transfer restrictions. Any attempt to so sell, transfer, assign,
pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of such Unvested Shares shall be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers,
assignments and sales by a Seller Party of the Unvested Shares are permitted (i) as a bona fide gift or charitable contribution; (ii)
to a trust, or other entity formed for estate planning purposes for the primary benefit of the spouse, domestic partner, parent, sibling,
child or grandchild of such Seller Party; (iii) by will or intestate succession upon the death of the Seller Party; (iv) pursuant to
a qualified domestic order, court order or in connection with a divorce settlement; (v) if such Seller Party is a corporation, partnership
(whether general, limited or otherwise), limited liability company, trust or other business entity, (A) to another corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, trust or other business entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control or management with
the Seller Party, or (B) to partners, limited liability company members, Affiliates or stockholders of the Seller Party, including, for
the avoidance of doubt, where the Seller Party is a partnership, to its general partner or a successor partnership or fund, or any other
funds managed by such partnership; (C) by virtue of the laws of the state or jurisdiction of the entitys organization and the
entitys organizational documents upon dissolution of the entity; (vi) pursuant to transactions in the event of completion of a
liquidation, merger, consolidation, stock exchange, reorganization, tender offer or other similar transaction which results in all of
the corporations securityholders having the right to exchange their shares of Buyer Stock for cash, securities or other property;
provided, however, that in the case of clauses (i) through (vi) these permitted transferees must enter into
a written agreement agreeing to be bound by the restrictions herein.

3

(i) Registration
Rights.

(a) Piggyback
Registration Rights. The Buyer will notify Seller Representative if any Seller Party holds fully vested Earn-Out Shares which are
no longer subject to the Unvested Share Repurchase Option (Registrable Securities) in writing at least five (5)
days prior to filing any registration statement under the Securities Act for purposes of effecting a public offering of securities of
the Buyer (including, but not limited to, registration statements relating to secondary offerings of securities of the Buyer, but excluding
registration statements relating to any demand or Form S-3 registration of the Buyers preferred shareholders or to any employee
benefit plan or a corporate reorganization) and will afford each such Seller Party an opportunity to include in such registration statement
all or any part of the Registrable Securities then held by such Seller Party. Each Seller Party desiring to include in any such registration
statement all or any part of the Registrable Securities held by such Seller Party will, within twenty (20) days after receipt of the
above-described notice from the Buyer, so notify the Buyer in writing, and in such notice will inform the Buyer of the number of Registrable
Securities such Seller Party wishes to include in such registration statement. If a Seller Party decides not to include all of its Registrable
Securities in any registration statement thereafter filed by the Buyer, such Seller Party will nevertheless continue to have the right
to include any Registrable Securities in any subsequent registration statement or registration statements as may be filed by the Buyer
with respect to offerings of its securities, all upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. The rights described in this section
are not assignable by Seller Party.

(b)
Underwriting. If a registration statement under which the Buyer gives notice under this Section 2.5(i) is for an underwritten
offering, then the Buyer will so advise the Seller Representative of such Registrable Securities. In such event, the right of any such
Seller Partys Registrable Securities to be included in a registration pursuant to this Section 2.5(i) will be conditioned
upon such Seller Partys participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such Seller Partys Registrable Securities
in the underwriting to the extent provided herein. All Seller Parties proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through such
underwriting will enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the managing underwriter or underwriter(s) selected for
such underwriting. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the managing underwriter(s) determine(s) in good faith that
marketing factors require a limitation of the number of shares to be underwritten, then the managing underwriter(s) may exclude shares
(including Registrable Securities) from the registration and the underwriting, and the number of shares that may be included in the registration
and the underwriting will be allocated, first, to the Buyer, and second, to each of the Seller Parties requesting inclusion of their
Registrable Securities in such registration statement on a pro rata basis based on the total number of Registrable Securities then held
by each such Seller Party. If any Seller Party disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such Seller Party may elect to withdraw
therefrom by written notice to the Buyer and the underwriter, delivered at least ten (10) business days prior to the effective date of
the registration statement. Any Registrable Securities excluded or withdrawn from such underwriting will be excluded and withdrawn from
the registration. For any Seller Party which is a partnership or corporation, the partners, retired partners and shareholders of such
Seller Party, or the estates and family members of any such partners and retired partners and any trusts for the benefit of any of the
foregoing persons will be deemed to be a single Seller, and any pro rata reduction with respect to such Seller
will be based upon the aggregate amount of shares carrying registration rights owned by all entities and individuals included in such
Seller, as defined in this sentence. The rights described in this section are not assignable by Seller Party.

4

(c) Market
Stand-Off Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing sections or anything to the contrary, each Seller Party hereby agrees it
will not, to the extent requested by the Buyer or an underwriter of securities of the Buyer, sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of
or engage in any other transaction regarding any Registrable Securities or other shares of stock of the Buyer then owned by such Seller
Party for up to one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Buyer filed under the Securities
Act; provided, however, all executive officers and directors of the Buyer then holding Common Stock of the Buyer enter into similar agreements.
In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, (i) the Buyer will have the right to place restrictive legends on the certificates representing
the shares subject to this Section 2.5(i) and to impose stop transfer instructions with respect to the Registrable Securities
and such other shares of stock of each Seller Party (and the shares or securities of every other person subject to the foregoing restriction)
until the end of such period and (ii) the Seller Party agrees to execute the form of agreement requested by the Buyer and/or underwriter.

4. Additional
Bonus.

(a) With
regards to Additional Bonus Payments payable in cash and Buyer Shares under Section 2.6
of the Purchase Agreement, as amended, the Purchase Agreement stipulates that the bonus
shall be payable one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash. A new Section 2.6(c)
of the Purchase Agreement shall provide the following:

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regards to Buyer Shares issuable in connection with the Bonus Payments above, the number of
Buyer Shares shall be calculated by dividing the dollar amount owed to Seller Party divided by the Conversion Price, and the Buyer
further reserves the right to pay the Bonus Payments 100% in cash, instead of one half in Buyer Shares and one half in cash, at
Buyers sole discretion. Any Buyer Shares issued in connection with the Bonus Payments of this Section 2.6 shall have
the Registration Rights and market standoff obligations under Section 2.5(i) above.

5. Additional
Seller Party Representations.

(a) Additional
Section 3.31 of the Purchase Agreement shall provide the following:

3.31.
Seller Party Securities Representations.

(a) Purchase
for Own Account for Investment. With regards to any Buyer Share issued or issuable to Seller Party under this Agreement, each Seller
Party is agreeing to receive the Buyer Shares for its own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for sale in
connection with, a distribution of the Buyer Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). Each Seller Party has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of all or any portion of the Buyer Shares
and the Seller Party has not granted or agreed to grant any beneficial ownership of any of the Buyer Shares to any other person.

(b) Seller
Party Status. Each Seller Party is (i) (a) is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act, and (b) maintains its domicile, and is not merely a transient or temporary resident, at the address
shown on the signature page hereof; or (ii) Seller Party is not acquiring the Buyer Shares for the account or benefit of any U.S.
person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and that, as of the date hereof, Seller Party is not a U.S.
person.

5

U.S.
person means: (1) Any natural person resident in the United States; (2) Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated
under the laws of the United States; (3) Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; (4) Any trust of which any
trustee is a U.S. person; (5) Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; (6) Any non-discretionary account
or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; (7)
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated,
or (if an individual) resident in the United States; or (8) Any partnership or corporation if: (i) organized or incorporated under the
laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and (ii) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered
under the Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors who are not natural persons,
estates or trusts.

If
each Seller Party is not a United States person (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code)), each Seller Party hereby represents that Seller Party has satisfied itself as to the full observance of
the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Buyer Shares or any use of this Agreement, including
(i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Buyer Shares, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable
to such purchase, (iii) any government or other consents that may need to be obtained in connection with such purchase, and (iv) the
income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Buyer
Shares. The Buyers offer and sale and Seller Partys subscription and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of
the Buyer Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Seller Partys jurisdiction.

(c) Rule
506(d) of Regulation D; No Bad Actors. Each Seller Party represents that (i) it has not been subject to any event specified in Rule
506(d)(1) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result in any such disqualifying event (each a Disqualifying
Event) that would either require disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in disqualification
under Rule 506(d)(1) of Buyers use of the Rule 506 exemption; and (ii) its purchase of the Buyer Shares will not subject Buyer
to any Disqualifying Event.

(d) No
General Solicitation. At no time was the Seller Party presented with or solicited by any publicly issued or circulated newspaper,
mail, radio, television, Internet or other form of general advertising or solicitation in connection with the Buyer Shares.

(e) Access
to Information. Each Seller Party has had access to all information regarding the Buyer and its present and prospective business,
assets, liabilities and financial condition that the Seller Party considers important in making the decision to acquire the Buyer Shares.

(f) Understanding
of Risks. Each Seller Party is fully aware of: (a) the highly speculative nature of the Buyer Shares; (b) the financial hazards involved;
(c) the lack of liquidity of the Buyer Shares and the transfer restrictions associated with the Buyer Shares (which, for example, may
prevent the Seller Party from being able to sell or dispose of the Buyer Shares or use the Buyer Shares as collateral); (d) the qualifications
and backgrounds of the management of the Buyer; and (e) the tax consequences of acquiring the Buyer Shares.

(g) Compliance
with Securities Laws. Each Seller Party understands and acknowledges that, in reliance upon the representations and warranties made
by the Seller Party herein, the Buyer Shares are not being registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
under the Securities Act, but instead are being transferred under an exemption or exemptions from the registration and qualification
requirements of the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws which impose certain restrictions on the Seller Partys
ability to transfer the Buyer Shares.

6

(h) Securities
Law Restrictions on Transfer. Each Seller Party understands that it may not transfer any Buyer Shares unless such Buyer Shares are
registered under the Securities Act or registered or qualified under other applicable securities laws or unless, in the reasonable opinion
of counsel for the Buyer, exemptions from such registration and qualification requirements are available. Each Seller Party further understands
that only the Buyer may file a registration statement with the SEC or other applicable securities commissioners and that the Buyer is
under no obligation to do so with respect to the Buyer Shares other than as set forth in this Agreement. Each Seller Party has also been
advised that exemptions from registration and qualification may not be available or may not permit the Seller Party to transfer all or
any of the Buyer Shares in the amounts or at the times proposed by the Seller Party.

(i) Rule
144. Each Seller Party acknowledges that, because the Buyer Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, the Buyer Shares
must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such registration is available.
The Seller Party is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(j) No
Tax Advice. Each Seller Party acknowledges and agrees that neither Buyer nor any of its officers, directors, employees, consultants,
agents, attorneys, affiliates or other representatives, including, but not limited to, law firms representing the Buyer, or has given
any tax advice, representation, warranty or covenant to Seller Party regarding or in connection with its investment in, or acquisition,
holding or other disposition of, the Buyer Shares.

6. Stock
Pledge. The Parties previously entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement, on August 29, 2024,
pledging 125,000 shares of Trxade Health, Inc. in connection with the Original Purchase Agreement
(Original Pledge Agreement). In connection with this Amendment, the
Parties have agreed that the Original Pledge Agreement is declared null and void, and the
grantors under the Original Pledge Agreement have entered into a revised pledge agreement,
with Zions Bancorporation, N.A. dba Zions First National Bank as the secured party, of even
date herewith.

7. Multiple
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by
facsimile, .pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart to the Amendment.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Fifth Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Amendment on the date first above written.

BUYER: 

WELLGISTICS HEALTH, INC. 

By: /s/
Timothy Canning 

Name: Timothy
Canning 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

COMPANY: SELLER REPRESENTATIVE

WELLGISTICS LLC 

By: /s/
Brian Norton /s/
Brian Norton

Name: Brian
Norton Brian
Norton

Title: CEO 

8

SIXTH
AMENDMENT TO

MEMBERSHIP
INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
SIXTH AMENDMENT TO MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Amendment) is effective as of this 6th
day of March, 2025, by and among (i) WELLGISTICS HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation and successor in interest to Danam
Health, Inc. (Buyer); (ii) WELLGISTICS LLC, a Florida limited liability company (the Company)
(iii) STRATEGIX GLOBAL LLC, a Utah limited liability company (Strategix), NOMAD CAPITAL LLC, a Utah
limited liability company (Nomad), JOUSKA HOLDINGS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Jouska;
together with Strategix and Nomad, collectively, Sellers and, each a Seller); (iv) the Persons
identified as Seller Owners listed on Annex II hereto (collectively, the Seller Owners and, each, a Seller
Owner; Seller Owners, together with the Sellers, shall be referred to as the Seller Parties and, each,
a Seller Party); and (v) BRIAN NORTON, a resident of the State of Montana, in his capacity as Seller Representative
(Seller Representative; together with Buyers, Sellers, and Seller Owners, collectively, the Parties
and, each, a Party).

RECITALS

A. The
Parties are parties to that certain Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated as of May
11, 2023 (the Original Purchase Agreement and together with the amendments
listed below and this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement), concerning
the acquisition of the membership interests of the Company by Buyer, as more particularly
described in the Original Purchase Agreement;

B. The
Parties amended the Original Purchase Agreement pursuant to a certain First Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2023, a certain Second Amendment to
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 26, 2023, a certain Third Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated March 22, 2024; a certain Fourth Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2024; and a certain Fifth Amendment
to Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated November 4, 2024; and

C. The
Parties desire to further amend the Purchase Agreement as provided in this Amendment.

AMENDMENT

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual covenants and obligations contained in this Amendment, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Incorporation
of Recitals. The recitals set forth above are incorporated herein and made a part of
this Amendment to the same extent as if set forth herein.

2. Actions
at Closing and upon IPO. Section 2.2(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to
replace the reference to forty-five ( 45) calendar days following the IPO with
one hundred twenty (120) calendar days following the IPO.

3. Multiple
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by
facsimile, .pdf or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart to the Amendment.

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

1

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Sixth Amendment to Membership Interest Purchase Amendment on the date first above written.

BUYER: 

WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC. 

By: /s/
Vishnu Balu 

Name: Vishnu
Balu 

Title: Chief
Financial Officer 

COMPANY: SELLER
REPRESENTATIVE

WELLGISTICS
LLC 

By: /s/
Brian Norton /s/
Brian Norton

Name: Brian
Norton Brian
Norton

Title: CEO 

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Protega
Pharmaceuticals collaborates with Wellgistics to support pharmacist education and increase patient access to the first and only FDA-approved
abuse-deterrent immediate-release opioid, ROXYBOND

ROXYBOND,
formulated with patented, first-of-its-kind abuse-deterrent technology SentryBond, is designed to provide multiple
levels of protection

Princeton,
New Jersey, March 04, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Wellgistics Health, Inc. (NASDAQ: WGRX, the Company), a holding
company for various existing and planned strategic businesses centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical services, today
announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, Wellgistics LLC, is collaborating with Protega Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Protega).
Protega is the innovative specialty pharmaceutical company that launched ROXYBOND (oxycodone hydrochloride), the first
and only FDA-approved abuse-deterrent immediate-release (IR) opioid pain medication in the U.S. The collaboration is meant to support
pharmacist education on abuse-deterrent pain management options and regulatory compliance as well as increase patient access to ROXYBOND
for appropriately prescribed patients.

Wellgistics
LLC is a pharmaceutical wholesaler and National Association of Boards of Pharmacy (NABP) authorized distributor that serves
over 5,400 independent pharmacies across all 50 states. The relationship will support education to these pharmacies and help provide
distribution of ROXYBOND to appropriately prescribed patients, particularly in underserved and rural areas where Wellgistics
LLCs independent pharmacy clients play a critical role in patient care.

We
are excited to commence our first collaboration with an NABP authorized distributor that aligns perfectly with our mission to make the
opioid market safer, said Paul Howe, Chief Commercial Officer of Protega. Considering the complexities surrounding pain
management and opioid prescribing, it is critical that independent pharmacists are equipped with evidence-based education to help make
informed decisions that support public health objectives. Our joint mission with Wellgistics LLC addresses this need and represents a
significant milestone in further support of a controlled, compliant, and responsible distribution network for abuse-deterrent pain management
solutions.

More
states are introducing legislation addressing insurance companies coverage of abuse-deterrent products for pain management, if
available. With a focus on responsible pain management and the development of novel products formulated with its patented SentryBond
abuse-deterrent technology, Protega introduced ROXYBOND which is the only FDA-approved line of IR opioids.

Regulatory
integrity and patient safety are the foundation of everything we do at Wellgistics Health (NASDAQ: WGRX). As an NABP-authorized distributor,
and utilizing a fully serialized ERP for supply chain traceability we ensure independent pharmacies have the tools, education,
and access they need to dispense medications like ROXYBOND responsibly, said Brian Norton, Chief Executive officer
of the Company. Our agreement with Protega is a prime example of how we deliver value across the entire pharmacy ecosystemconnecting
drug manufacturers with our compliance, education, and access in a way that protects patients and empowers pharmacists to operate with
confidence and integrity.

Through
the collaboration, pharmacists will be provided with educational resources that both incorporate applicable FDA regulations, DEA guidelines,
and best practices in responsible opioid dispensing and inform pharmacists about FDA-approved abuse-deterrent formulations like ROXYBOND
and the role of these formulations in pain management.

The
educational focus will encompass both ROXYBOND and responsible pain management as a whole, emphasizing safe and effective
pain treatment options while mitigating risks, the role of abuse-deterrent formulations (ADF) in public health strategies, and pharmacist
responsibilities in preventing misuse, diversion, and overprescribing.

Protegas
innovative SentryBond technology platform integrates inactive excipients with active pharmaceutical ingredients in
a tablet that is specifically designed to frustrate abuse via various methods of manipulation and routes of administration. When subjected
to manipulation and/or attempts at extraction, the formulation is designed to maintain the intended release profile of extended-release
products and to delay the release of immediate-release products. However, abuse is still possible by intranasal, intravenous, and oral
routes.

On
September 5, 2024, the FDA approved a new 10 mg strength of ROXYBOND, expanding Protegas line of abuse-deterrent
IR opioids, which also includes 5 mg, 15 mg, and 30 mg tablet options. ROXYBONDs availability in four dosages
can enhance flexibility and precision in opioid therapy, by aiming to support both physicians and patients in achieving more effective
and safer pain management outcomes. Depending on a patients individual circumstances, the range of doses may provide better options
for pain control, reduce the risk of side effects by finding the lowest effective dose, and provide a smoother transition during dosing
transitions. For physicians, it can allow for more flexible dosing for pain levels, better titration, and help optimize risk management
across diverse patient populations.

About
Protega Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Protega
Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a privately held specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the advancement of prescription drug abuse deterrence
through continued innovation and development. Recognizing the unmet public health need to combat the escalating crisis of prescription
opioid abuse and misuse, Protega has responded with a line of immediate-release abuse-deterrent opioid products. Protegas proprietary
SentryBond abuse-deterrent technology is designed to provide multiple levels of protection and could potentially be
utilized in other medications to help deter misuse and abuse. For more information, visit www.ProtegaPharma.com.

About
Wellgistics Health, Inc.

Wellgistics
Health, Inc. is a holding company for existing and future planned operating companies centered around healthcare technology and pharmaceutical
services. It seeks to be a micro health ecosystem, with a portfolio of companies consisting of a technology platform, pharmacy, and wholesale
operations that provide novel prescription hub and clinical services. The Company is focused on improving the lives of patients while
delivering unique solutions for pharmacies, providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and payors. With the successful integration of its
patient-centric approach and innovative healthcare applications, the Company intends to shift the dynamic of pharmaceutical care to revolve
around the patient for a wide range of therapeutic conditions by offering a full spectrum of integrated solutions as a result of leveraging
the synergies of its business segments to address access, care coordination, dispensing, delivery, and clinical management of pharmaceutical
products ranging from specialty-lite to general maintenance conditions. Wellgistics LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, focusing on wholesale operations including the distribution and fulfillment of certain pharmaceutical medications to a network
of independent pharmacies. For more information, please visit the Companys website at www.wellgisticshealth.com and Wellgistics
LLCs website at www.wellgistics.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals,
strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical
facts. When the Company uses words such as may, will, intend, should, believe,
expect, anticipate, project, estimate or similar expressions that do not relate
solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation,
the Companys statements regarding the potential benefits of ROXYBOND as well as the Companys strategy
and descriptions of its future operations, prospects, and plans.. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results to differ materially from the Companys expectations discussed
in the forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, the uncertainties
related to market conditions and other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of the registration statement filed
with the SEC. For these reasons, among others, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements
in this press release. Additional factors are discussed in the Companys filings with the SEC, which are available for review at
www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that arise after the date hereof.

INDICATION

ROXYBOND
is indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate.

Limitations
of Use

Because
of the risks of addiction, abuse, and misuse with opioids, which can occur any dosage or duration, reserve ROXYBOND for use in patients
for whom alternative treatment options (e.g., non-opioid analgesics or opioid combination products):

Have
not been tolerated or are not expected to be tolerated,

Have
not provided adequate analgesia or are not expected to provide adequate analgesia.

ROXYBOND
should not be used for an extended period of time unless the pain remains severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which
alternative treatment options continue to be inadequate.

IMPORTANT
SAFETY INFORMATION

WARNING:
SERIOUS AND LIFE-THREATENING RISKS FROM USE OF ROXYBOND

Addiction,
Abuse, and Misuse

Because
the use of ROXYBOND exposes patients and other users to the risks of opioid addiction, abuse, and misuse, which can lead to overdose
and death, assess each patients risk prior to prescribing and reassess all patients regularly for the development of these behaviors
and conditions.

Life-Threatening
Respiratory Depression

Serious,
life-threatening, or fatal respiratory depression may occur with use of ROXYBOND, especially during initiation or following a dosage
increase. To reduce the risk of respiratory depression, proper dosing and titration of ROXYBOND are essential.

Accidental
Ingestion

Accidental
ingestion of even one dose of ROXYBOND, especially by children, can result in a fatal overdose of oxycodone.

Risks
From Concomitant Use With Benzodiazepines Or Other CNS Depressants

Concomitant
use of opioids with benzodiazepines or other central nervous system (CNS) depressants, including alcohol, may result in profound sedation,
respiratory depression, coma, and death. Reserve concomitant prescribing of ROXYBOND and benzodiazepines or other CNS depressants for
use in patients for whom alternative treatment options are inadequate.

Neonatal
Opioid Withdrawal Syndrome (NOWS)

If
opioid use is required for an extended period of time in a pregnant woman, advise the patient of the risk of NOWS, which may be life-threatening
if not recognized and treated. Ensure that management by neonatology experts will be available at delivery.

Opioid
Analgesic Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS)

Healthcare
providers are strongly encouraged to complete a REMS-compliant education program and to counsel patients and caregivers on serious risks,
safe use, and the importance of reading the Medication Guide with each prescription.

Cytochrome
P450 3A4 Interaction

The
concomitant use of ROXYBOND with all cytochrome P450 3A4 inhibitors may result in an increase in oxycodone plasma concentrations, which
could increase or prolong adverse reactions and may cause potentially fatal respiratory depression. In addition, discontinuation of a
concomitantly used cytochrome P450 3A4 inducer may result in an increase in oxycodone plasma concentration. Regularly evaluate patients
receiving ROXYBOND and any CYP3A4 inhibitor or inducer.

CONTRAINDICATIONS

ROXYBOND
is contraindicated in patients with:

Significant
respiratory depression

Acute
or severe bronchial asthma in an unmonitored setting or in the absence of resuscitative equipment
or hypercarbia

Known
or suspected gastrointestinal obstruction, including paralytic ileus

Known
hypersensitivity (e.g., anaphylaxis) to oxycodone

WARNINGS
AND PRECAUTIONS

Addiction,
Abuse, and Misuse

ROXYBOND
contains oxycodone, a Schedule II controlled substance. As an opioid, ROXYBOND exposes users to the risks of addiction, abuse, and misuse.

Although
the risk of addiction in any individual is unknown, it can occur in patients appropriately prescribed ROXYBOND. Addiction can occur at
recommended dosages, when taken as directed, and if the drug is misused or abused.

Assess
each patients risk for opioid addiction, abuse, or misuse prior to prescribing ROXYBOND, and reassess all patients receiving ROXYBOND
for the development of these behaviors and conditions. Risks are increased in patients with a personal or family history of substance
abuse (including drug or alcohol abuse or addiction) or mental illness (e.g., major depression). The potential for these risks should
not, however, prevent the proper management of pain in any given patient. Patients at increased risk may be prescribed opioids such as
ROXYBOND but use in such patients necessitates intensive counseling about the risks and proper use of ROXYBOND along with frequent reevaluation
for signs of addiction, abuse, and misuse. Consider prescribing naloxone for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose.

Opioids
are sought for nonmedical use and are subject to diversion from legitimate prescribed use. Consider these risks when prescribing or dispensing
ROXYBOND. Strategies to reduce these risks include prescribing the drug in the smallest appropriate quantity and advising the patient
on careful storage of the drug during the course of treatment and on the proper disposal of unused drugs. Contact local state professional
licensing board or state-controlled substances authority for information on how to prevent and detect abuse or diversion of this product.

Life-Threatening
Respiratory Depression

Serious,
life-threatening, or fatal respiratory depression has been reported with the use of opioids, even when used as recommended. Respiratory
depression, if not immediately recognized and treated, may lead to respiratory arrest and death. Management of respiratory depression
may include close observation, supportive measures, and use of opioid antagonists, depending on the patients clinical status.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) retention from opioid-induced respiratory depression can exacerbate the sedating effects of opioids.

While
serious, life-threatening, or fatal respiratory depression can occur at any time during the use of ROXYBOND, the risk is greatest during
the initiation of therapy or following a dosage increase.

To
reduce the risk of respiratory depression, proper dosing and titration of ROXYBOND are essential. Overestimating the ROXYBOND dosage
when converting patients from another opioid product can result in fatal overdose with the first dose.

Accidental
ingestion of even one dose of ROXYBOND, especially by children, can result in respiratory depression and death due to an overdose of
oxycodone.

Educate
patients and caregivers on how to recognize respiratory depression and emphasize on the importance of calling 911 or getting emergency
medical help right away in the event of a known or suspected overdose.

Opioids
can cause sleep-related breathing disorders including central sleep apnea (CSA) and sleep-related hypoxemia. Opioid use increases the
risk of CSA in a dose-dependent fashion. In patients who present with CSA, consider decreasing the opioid dosage using best practices
for opioid taper.

Patient
Access to Naloxone for the Emergency Treatment of Opioid Overdose

Discuss
the availability of naloxone for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose with the patient and caregiver and assess the potential need
for access to naloxone, both when initiating and renewing the treatment with ROXYBOND. Inform patients and caregivers about the various
ways to obtain naloxone as permitted by individual state naloxone dispensing and prescribing requirements or guidelines (e.g., by prescription,
directly from a pharmacist, or as part of a community-based program). Educate patients and caregivers on how to recognize respiratory
depression and emphasize the importance of calling 911 or getting emergency medical help, even if naloxone is administered.

Consider
prescribing naloxone, based on the patients risk factors for overdose, such as concomitant use of CNS depressants, a history of
opioid use disorder, or prior opioid overdose. The presence of risk factors for overdose should not prevent the proper management of
pain in any given patient. Also consider prescribing naloxone if the patient has household members (including children) or other close
contacts at risk for accidental ingestion or overdose. If naloxone is prescribed, educate patients and caregivers on how to treat with
naloxone.

Risks
from Concomitant Use with Benzodiazepines or Other CNS Depressants

Profound
sedation, respiratory depression, coma, and death may result from the concomitant use of ROXYBOND with benzodiazepines and/or other CNS
depressants, including alcohol (e.g., non-benzodiazepine sedatives/hypnotics, anxiolytics, tranquilizers, muscle relaxants, general anesthetics,
antipsychotics, other opioids). Because of these risks, reserve concomitant prescribing of these drugs for use in patients for whom alternative
treatment options are inadequate.

Observational
studies have demonstrated that concomitant use of opioid analgesics and benzodiazepines increases the risk of drug-related mortality
compared to use of opioid analgesics alone. Because of similar pharmacological properties, it is reasonable to expect similar risk with
the concomitant use of other CNS depressant drugs with opioid analgesics.

If
the decision is made to prescribe a benzodiazepine or other CNS depressant concomitantly with an opioid analgesic, prescribe the lowest
effective dosages and minimum durations of concomitant use. In patients already receiving an opioid analgesic, prescribe a lower initial
dose of the benzodiazepine or other CNS depressant than indicated in the absence of an opioid, and titrate based on clinical response.
If an opioid analgesic is initiated in a patient already taking a benzodiazepine or other CNS depressant, prescribe a lower initial dose
of the opioid analgesic, and titrate based on clinical response. Inform patients and caregivers of this potential interaction and educate
them on the signs and symptoms of respiratory depression (including sedation). If concomitant use is warranted, consider prescribing
naloxone for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose.

Advise
both patients and caregivers about the risks of respiratory depression and sedation when ROXYBOND is used with benzodiazepines or other
CNS depressants (including alcohol and illicit drugs). Advise patients not to drive or operate dangerous machinery until the effects
of concomitant use of the benzodiazepine or other CNS depressant have been determined. Screen patients for risk of substance use disorders,
including opioid abuse and misuse, and warn them of the risk for overdose and death associated with the use of additional CNS depressants
including alcohol and illicit drugs.

Neonatal
Opioid Withdrawal Syndrome

Use
of ROXYBOND for an extended period of time during pregnancy can result in withdrawal in the neonate. Neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome,
unlike opioid withdrawal syndrome in adults, may be life threatening if not recognized and treated, and requires management according
to protocols developed by neonatology experts. Observe newborns for signs of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome and manage accordingly.
Advise pregnant women using opioids for an extended period of time of the risk of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome and ensure that
appropriate treatment will be available.

Opioid
Analgesic Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS)

To
ensure that the benefits of opioid analgesics outweigh the risks of addiction, abuse, and misuse, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
has required a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) for these products. Under the requirements of the REMS, drug companies
with approved opioid analgesic products must make REMS-compliant education programs available to healthcare providers. Healthcare providers
are strongly encouraged to do all of the following:

Complete
a REMS-compliant education program offered by an accredited provider of continuing
education (CE) or another education program that includes all the elements of the FDA Education
Blueprint for Health Care Providers Involved in the Management or Support of Patients with
Pain.

Discuss
the safe use, serious risks, and proper storage and disposal of opioid analgesics with patients
and/or their caregivers every time these medicines are prescribed. The Patient Counseling
Guide (PCG) can be obtained at this link: www.fda.gov/OpioidAnalgesicREMSPCG.

Emphasize
to patients and their caregivers the importance of reading the Medication Guide that they
will receive from their pharmacist every time an opioid analgesic is dispensed to them.

Consider
using other tools to improve patient, household, and community safety, such as patient-prescriber
agreements that reinforce patient-prescriber responsibilities.

To
obtain further information on the opioid analgesic REMS and for a list of accredited REMS CME/CE, call 1-800-503-0784, or log on to www.opioidanalgesicrems.com.
The FDA Blueprint can be found at www.fda.gov/OpioidAnalgesicREMSBlueprint.

Risks
of Concomitant Use or Discontinuation of Cytochrome P450 3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers

Concomitant
use of ROXYBOND with a CYP3A4 inhibitor, such as macrolide antibiotics (e.g., erythromycin), azole-antifungal agents (e.g., ketoconazole),
and protease inhibitors (e.g., ritonavir), may increase plasma concentrations of oxycodone and prolong opioid adverse reactions, which
may cause potentially fatal respiratory depression, particularly when an inhibitor is added after a stable dose of ROXYBOND is achieved.
Similarly, discontinuation of a CYP3A4 inducer, such as rifampin, carbamazepine, and phenytoin, in ROXYBOND-treated patients may increase
oxycodone plasma concentrations and prolong opioid adverse reactions. When using ROXYBOND with CYP3A4 inhibitors or discontinuing CYP3A4
inducers in ROXYBOND-treated patients, evaluate patients at frequent intervals and consider dosage reduction of ROXYBOND until stable
drugs effects are achieved.

Concomitant
use of ROXYBOND with CYP3A4 inducers or discontinuation of a CYP3A4 inhibitor could decrease oxycodone plasma concentrations, decrease
opioid efficacy or, possibly, lead to a withdrawal syndrome in a patient who had developed physical dependence to oxycodone. When using
ROXYBOND with CYP3A4 inducers or discontinuing CYP3A4 inhibitors, evaluate patients at frequent intervals and consider increasing the
opioid dosage if needed to maintain adequate analgesia or if symptoms of opioid withdrawal occur.

Opioid-Induced
Hyperalgesia and Allodynia

Opioid-Induced
Hyperalgesia (OIH) occurs when an opioid analgesic paradoxically causes an increase in pain, or an increase in sensitivity to pain. This
condition differs from tolerance, which is the need for increasing doses of opioids to maintain a defined effect. Symptoms of OIH include
(but may not be limited to) increased levels of pain upon opioid dosage increase, decreased levels of pain upon opioid dosage decrease,
or pain from ordinarily non-painful stimuli (allodynia). These symptoms may suggest OIH only if there is no evidence of underlying disease
progression, opioid tolerance, opioid withdrawal, or addictive behavior.

Cases
of OIH have been reported, both with short-term and longer-term use of opioid analgesics. Though the mechanism of OIH is not fully understood,
multiple biochemical pathways have been implicated. Medical literature suggests a strong biologic plausibility between opioid analgesics
and OIH and allodynia. If a patient is suspected to be experiencing OIH, carefully consider appropriately decreasing the dose of the
current opioid analgesic or opioid rotation (safely switching the patient to a different opioid moiety).

Life-Threatening
Respiratory Depression in Patients with Chronic Pulmonary Disease or in Elderly, Cachectic, or Debilitated Patients

The
use of ROXYBOND in patients with acute or severe bronchial asthma in an unmonitored setting or in the absence of resuscitative equipment
is contraindicated.

Patients
with Chronic Pulmonary Disease: ROXYBOND-treated patients with significant chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or cor pulmonale,
and those with a substantially decreased respiratory reserve, hypoxia, hypercapnia, or pre-existing respiratory depression are at increased
risk of decreased respiratory drive including apnea, even at recommended dosages of ROXYBOND.

Elderly,
Cachectic, or Debilitated Patients: Life-threatening respiratory depression is more likely to occur in elderly, cachectic, or debilitated
patients because they may have altered pharmacokinetics or altered clearance compared to younger, healthier patients.

Regularly
evaluate patients, particularly when initiating and titrating ROXYBOND and when ROXYBOND is given concomitantly with other drugs that
depress respiration. Alternatively, consider the use of non-opioid analgesics in these patients.

Adrenal
Insufficiency

Cases
of adrenal insufficiency have been reported with opioid use, more often following greater than one month of use. Presentation of adrenal
insufficiency may include non-specific symptoms and signs including nausea, vomiting, anorexia, fatigue, weakness, dizziness, and low
blood pressure. If adrenal insufficiency is suspected, confirm the diagnosis with diagnostic testing as soon as possible. If adrenal
insufficiency is diagnosed, treat with physiologic replacement doses of corticosteroids. Wean the patient off of the opioid to allow
adrenal function to recover and continue corticosteroid treatment until adrenal function recovers. Other opioids may be tried as some
cases reported use of a different opioid without recurrence of adrenal insufficiency. The information available does not identify any
particular opioids as being more likely to be associated with adrenal insufficiency.

Severe
Hypotension

ROXYBOND
may cause severe hypotension including orthostatic hypotension and syncope in ambulatory patients. There is increased risk in patients
whose ability to maintain blood pressure has already been compromised by a reduced blood volume or concurrent administration of certain
CNS depressant drugs (e.g., phenothiazines or general anesthetics). Regularly evaluate these patients for signs of hypotension after
initiating or titrating the dosage of ROXYBOND. In patients with circulatory shock, use of ROXYBOND may cause vasodilation that can further
reduce cardiac output and blood pressure. Avoid use of ROXYBOND in patients with circulatory shock.

Risks
of Use in Patients with Increased Intracranial Pressure, Brain Tumors, Head Injury, or Impaired Consciousness

In
patients who may be susceptible to the intracranial effects of CO2 retention (e.g., those with evidence of increased intracranial pressure
or brain tumors), ROXYBOND may reduce therespiratory drive, and the resultant CO2 retention can further increase intracranial pressure.
Monitor such patients for signs of sedation and respiratory depression, particularly when initiating therapy with ROXYBOND.

Opioids
may obscure the clinical course in a patient with a head injury. Avoid the use of ROXYBOND in patients with impaired consciousness or
coma.

Risks
of Use in Patients with Gastrointestinal Conditions

ROXYBOND
is contraindicated in patients with gastrointestinal obstruction, including paralytic ileus.

The
oxycodone in ROXYBOND may cause spasm of the sphincter of Oddi. Opioids may cause increases in serum amylase. Regularly evaluate patients
with biliary tract disease, including acute pancreatitis, for worsening symptoms.

Increased
Risk of Seizures in Patients with Seizure Disorders

The
oxycodone in ROXYBOND may increase the frequency of seizures in patients with seizure disorders and may increase the risk of seizures
occurring in other clinical settings associated with seizures. Regularly evaluate patients with a history of seizure disorders for worsened
seizure control during ROXYBOND therapy.

Withdrawal

Do
not abruptly discontinue ROXYBOND in a patient physically dependent on opioids. When discontinuing ROXYBOND in a physically-dependent
patient, gradually taper the dosage. Rapid tapering of oxycodone in a patient physically dependent on opioids may lead to a withdrawal
syndrome and return of pain.

Additionally,
avoid the use of mixed agonist/antagonist (e.g., pentazocine, nalbuphine, and butorphanol) or partial agonist (e.g., buprenorphine) analgesics
in patients who are receiving a full opioid agonist analgesic, including ROXYBOND. In these patients, mixed agonist/antagonist and partial
agonist analgesics may reduce the analgesic effect and/or precipitate withdrawal symptoms.

Risks
of Driving and Operating Machinery

ROXYBOND
may impair the mental or physical abilities needed to perform potentially hazardous activities such as driving a car or operating machinery.
Warn patients not to drive or operate dangerous machinery unless they are tolerant to the effects of ROXYBOND and know how they will
react to the medication.

ADVERSE
REACTIONS

The
common adverse reactions seen on initiation of therapy with oxycodone hydrochloride tablets are dose related and are opioid related adverse
reactions. The most frequent of these included nausea, constipation, vomiting, headache, pruritus, insomnia, dizziness, asthenia, and
somnolence.

DRUG
INTERACTIONS

Concomitant
use of ROXYBOND with a CYP3A4 and CYP2D6 inhibitor, such as macrolide antibiotics (e.g., erythromycin), azole-antifungal agents (e.g.,
ketoconazole), and protease inhibitors (e.g., ritonavir), may increase plasma concentrations of oxycodone and prolong opioid adverse
reactions, which may cause potentially fatal respiratory depression, particularly when an inhibitor is added after a stable dose of ROXYBOND
is achieved.

Concomitant
use of ROXYBOND and CYP3A4 inducers can decrease the plasma concentration of oxycodone, resulting in decreased efficacy or onset of a
withdrawal syndrome in patients who have developed physical dependence to oxycodone.

Due
to additive pharmacologic effect, the concomitant use of benzodiazepines or other CNS depressants, including alcohol, can increase the
risk of hypotension, respiratory depression, profound sedation, coma, and death.

The
concomitant use of opioids with other drugs that affect the serotonergic neurotransmitter system has resulted in serotonin syndrome.

MAOI
interactions with opioids may manifest as serotonin syndrome or opioid toxicity.

Mixed
agonist/antagonist and partial agonist opioid analgesics may reduce the analgesic effect of ROXYBOND and/or may precipitate withdrawal
symptoms.

Oxycodone
may enhance the neuromuscular blocking action of skeletal muscle relaxants and produce an increased degree of respiratory depression.

Opioids
can reduce the efficacy of diuretics by inducing the release of antidiuretic hormone.

The
concomitant use of anticholinergic drugs may increase risk of urinary retention and/or severe constipation, which may lead to paralytic
ileus.

Please
see full Prescribing Information, including BOXED WARNINGS for additional Important Safety Information and Medication Guide or at www.protegapharma.com.

To
report SUSPECTED ADVERSE REACTIONS, contact Protega Pharmaceuticals Inc. at 1-844-798-3610 or FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/safety.

Media
Contacts

Protega:

Greg Salsburg

STiR-communications

greg@stir-communications.com

Wellgistics
Health, Inc.:

IR@wellgistics.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex5-1_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex5-1_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex5-1_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex5-1_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex5-1_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex5-1_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex5-1_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex5-1_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex5-1_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex5-1_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex5-1_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex5-1_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex5-1_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex5-1_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex5-1_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex5-1_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex5-1_018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex5-1_019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex5-1_020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex5-1_021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex5-1_022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex5-1_023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex5-1_024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex5-1_025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex5-1_026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex5-1_027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex5-1_028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex5-1_029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex5-1_030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex5-1_031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex5-1_032.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex5-1_033.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex5-1_034.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex5-1_035.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex5-1_036.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex5-1_037.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex99-2_002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex99-2_003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex99-2_004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex99-2_005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex99-2_006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex99-2_007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex99-2_008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex99-2_009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex99-2_010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex99-2_011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex99-2_012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>56
<FILENAME>ex99-2_013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>ex99-2_014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>ex99-2_015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>ex99-2_016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>ex99-2_017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>61
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>63
<FILENAME>wgrx-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42530

Entity Registrant Name WELLGISTICS
HEALTH, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0002030763

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-3264234

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3000
Bayport Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
950

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33607

City Area Code (844)

Local Phone Number 203-6092

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $.0001 per share

Trading Symbol WGRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>67
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>68
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>70
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globenewswire.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
wgrx-20250228.xsd 
wgrx-20250228_lab.xml 
wgrx-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>72
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>73
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009442-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>74
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002030763 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0002030763 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
WELLGISTICS HEALTH, INC. 
DE 
001-42530 
93-3264234 
3000 Bayport Drive 
Suite 950 
Tampa 
FL 
33607 
(844) 
203-6092 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share 
WGRX 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>