<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-024214.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-024214.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317081542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-024214
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250314
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YETI Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001670592
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				455297111
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38713
		FILM NUMBER:		25742456

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 SOUTHWEST PARKWAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 394-9384

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 SOUTHWEST PARKWAY
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78735
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm258918d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000167059200016705922025-03-142025-03-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 14,
2025

YETI Holdings, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)

Delaware 001-38713 45-5297111

(State or other jurisdiction (Commission (IRS Employer

of incorporation) File Number) Identification No.)

7601 Southwest Parkway

Austin, Texas78735

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code): (512) 394-9384

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 YETI New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 14, 2025, YETI Holdings, Inc.
(the Company or YETI) entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement)
with Engaged Capital, LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Engaged Capital).

Pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, the board
of directors of the Company (the Board) agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Cooperation
Agreement, to appoint Mr. Arne Arens as a director of the Board in Class II, with an initial term expiring at the Companys
2026 annual meeting of the stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting), effective no later than March 24, 2025 and contemporaneous
with its appointment of Mr. J. Magnus Welander as a director of the Board in Class III, with an initial term expiring at the 2027
annual meeting of the stockholders (the 2027 Annual Meeting), effective no later than March 24, 2025.

Also pursuant to the Cooperation Agreement, Mr. Arens and Mr. Welander will each be appointed to one of the Audit, Compensation or Nominating
and Governance Committees of the Board, as determined by the Board, no later than May 1, 2025. Further, if Mr. Arens resigns or is removed
as a director during the term of the Cooperation Agreement, so long as Engaged Capital holds at least the lesser of (i) 1% of the Companys
outstanding common stock and (ii) 823,894 shares of common stock, then Engaged Capital will be entitled to recommend an independent director
as his replacement, subject to the Nominating and Governance Committees and Boards review and approval of such candidate (which approval
may not be unreasonably withheld).

The Cooperation Agreement further provides, among
other things, that:

During the term of the Cooperation Agreement, Engaged Capital will be subject to customary standstill
restrictions, including with respect to acquiring beneficial ownership (including notional shares associated with derivatives) in the
aggregate of more than 9.9% of the Companys common stock, nominating or recommending for nomination any persons for election to
the Board, submitting any proposal for consideration at any stockholder meeting and soliciting any proxy, consent or other authority to
vote from stockholders or conducting any other referendum (including any withhold, vote no or similar campaign).

Engaged
Capital is deemed to have withdrawn its notice of nomination to the Company dated as of February 4,
2025, in respect of its intention to nominate, and to solicit proxies for the election of,
two individuals as director candidates to the Board at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting).

During the term of the Cooperation Agreement, Engaged Capital will vote all of its shares of the
Companys common stock at all annual and special meetings (of which it has the right to vote as of the applicable record date
for such meeting) as well as in any consent solicitations of the Companys stockholders (1) in favor of the slate of
directors recommended by the Board, against or withhold from voting in favor of the election of any director nominee not approved,
recommended and nominated by the Board for election and against any removal of any director of the Board and (2) in accordance
with the Boards recommendation for any other matter (unless Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. or Glass Lewis &
Co., LLC issues a contrary recommendation); provided that Engaged Capital will be permitted to vote on any proposals relating to an
Extraordinary Transaction (defined in the Cooperation Agreement to include certain change of control transactions or
the sale of substantially all of the Companys assets) in its sole discretion.

Each party agrees to a certain mutual non-disparagement provision.

Each party agrees not to institute any lawsuit against the other party, subject to certain exceptions
including the seeking of remedies for a breach of the Cooperation Agreement.

The Cooperation Agreement will terminate on the earliest to occur of (1) 30 days prior to the
director nomination notice deadline for the 2026 Annual Meeting, (2) 30 days prior to the first anniversary of the director
nomination notice deadline for the 2025 Annual Meeting and (3) the closing of an
Extraordinary Transaction.

The summary above is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Cooperation Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers

The information set forth
in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Pursuant to the Cooperation
Agreement described above in Item 1.01, on March 14, 2025, the Board appointed Mr. Arens as a director in Class II, with
an initial term expiring at the 2026 Annual Meeting and appointed Mr. Welander as a director in Class III, with an initial
term expiring at the 2027 Annual Meeting, each effective March 24, 2025.

The Board determined
that each of Mr. Arens and Mr. Welander is an independent director under applicable listing rules under the New York Stock
Exchange and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations.

Other than in connection with the Cooperation Agreement, neither Mr. Arens
nor Mr. Welander is a party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which they were appointed as a director,
nor a party to any transactions required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K involving YETI or any of its subsidiaries.

For their service on
the Board as non-employee directors, Mr. Arens and Mr. Welander will receive compensation in the same manner as YETIs
other non-employee directors in accordance with the YETI Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, which was filed as Exhibit 10.14
to YETIs Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2024.

YETI will enter into
indemnification agreements with Mr. Arens and Mr. Welander in substantially the same form as the Form of Director and Officer
Indemnification Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.20 to YETIs Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed
with the SEC on September 27, 2018.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

A copy of the press release
announcing Mr. Arens and Mr. Welanders appointment to the Board is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K
as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit 

No. Description

10.1 Cooperation Agreement, dated March 14, 2025, by and among YETI Holdings, Inc., Engaged Capital
Flagship Master Fund, LP, Engaged Capital Co-Invest XVIII, LP, Engaged Capital, LLC, Engaged Capital Holdings, LLC, and Glenn W. Welling

99.1 Press release issued by YETI Holdings, Inc., dated March 14, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

YETI Holdings, Inc. 

Date: March 17,
2025 By: /s/ Bryan C. Barksdale

Bryan C. Barksdale

Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm258918d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COOPERATION AGREEMENT

This
Cooperation Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of March 14, 2025, is by and among YETI Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the persons and entities set forth on Exhibit A hereto
(the Engaged Group, and, for clarity and as applicable, including each member thereof acting individually). Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 11 below.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof,
the Engaged Group is the beneficial owner of 1,543,518 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common
Stock) or approximately 1.9% of the Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date hereof;

WHEREAS, the Company and Engaged
Capital, LLC, a member of the Engaged Group, have engaged in various discussions and communications regarding the Companys business;

WHEREAS, the Engaged Group
provided notice to the Company (the Nomination Notice) of its intent to nominate two candidates, including Arne Arens
(the First Director), for election to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) at the
Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2025 Annual Meeting); and

WHEREAS, as part of its ongoing
Board refreshment efforts, the Company has been in discussions with J. Magnus Welander (the Second Director, and
together with the First Director, the New Directors) regarding joining the Board.

WHEREAS, in connection with
the foregoing, the Company and the Engaged Group have determined to come to an agreement with respect to such matters and other related
matters, as provided in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Board
Appointments; Committees and Related Matters.

(a) Board
Appointments. As promptly as practicable following the execution of this Agreement (and in any event within two (2) Business
Days thereof), the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall take such actions as are necessary to (i) increase the
size of the Board to ten (10) directors, (ii) appoint the First Director as a director of the Board in Class II, with an
initial term expiring at the Companys 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Annual Meeting), and (iii) appoint
the Second Director as a director of the Board in Class III, 

with an initial term expiring at the Companys 2027 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, in each case concurrently and effective no later than March 24, 2025.

(b) Committees.
Subject to the Companys applicable corporate governance guidelines and New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) rules and
applicable laws, promptly upon the appointment of the New Directors (and in any event no later than May 1, 2025), the Board (including
the New Directors) shall determine the appointment of each of the New Directors to one of the three standing committees of the Board (Audit,
Compensation, and Nominating and Governance), and the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall take all actions necessary
to ensure that, from and after such determination until the Termination Date (as defined below), each New Director shall be appointed
to the committee so determined by the Board, subject to his willingness to so serve. Without limiting the foregoing, subject to the Companys
applicable corporate governance guidelines and NYSE rules and applicable laws, the Board shall give the New Directors the same due
consideration for membership to any committee of the Board as any other independent director.

(c) Replacement
Director. From the date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, if the First Director is no longer able or willing to
serve as a director for any reason, resigns as a director or is removed as a director, and so long as the Engaged Group continuously
beneficially owns in the aggregate at least the lesser of (i) 1.0% of the Companys then outstanding Common Stock and
(ii) 823,894 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment for stock splits, reclassifications, combinations and similar
adjustments), then the Engaged Group shall have the ability to recommend a substitute person(s) who is not an employee of, and
who is independent from, the Engaged Group to replace the First Director in accordance with this Section 1(c) (any such
replacement director, a Replacement Director) and any such candidate shall be subject to review and approval by the
Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board (the Nominating Committee) and the Board, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld. The Nominating Committee and the Board shall make their determination within ten (10) Business Days
after any such replacement director candidate submits to the Company a fully completed copy of the Companys standard
director & officer questionnaire; provided that such questionnaire shall be deemed fully completed after the successful
completion of a customary background check, to be completed by the Company not more than five (5) Business Days (ten (10)
Business Days in the event of a candidate who is not a U.S. person and resident) following the Companys receipt of such
questionnaire. In the event the Nominating Committee and the Board do not accept a replacement director candidate recommended by the
Engaged Group as the Replacement Director (it being acknowledged that the Nominating Committee and the Board cannot unreasonably
withhold their acceptance), the Engaged Group shall have the right to recommend additional replacement director(s) to fill the
resulting vacancy, whose appointment shall be subject to the Nominating Committee and the Board recommending such person in
accordance with the procedures described above, until a Replacement Director is approved and appointed to the Board. Upon a
Replacement Directors appointment to the Board, the Board and all applicable committees of the Board shall consider in good
faith appointing the Replacement Director to one of the standing committees of the Board. Upon a Replacement Directors
appointment to the Board, such Replacement Director shall be deemed to be the First Director for all purposes under this
Agreement.

2 

2. Additional
Agreements.

(a) Affiliates
and Associates. The Engaged Group agrees (i) to cause its Affiliates and Associates to comply with the terms of this Agreement
and (ii) that it shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any such Affiliate or Associate. A breach of this Agreement
by an Affiliate or Associate of any member of the Engaged Group, if such Affiliate or Associate is not a Party, shall be deemed to occur
if such Affiliate or Associate engages in conduct that would constitute a breach of this Agreement if such Affiliate or Associate were
a Party to the same extent as the Engaged Group.

(b) Nomination
Notice. Effective as of the execution of this Agreement, the Engaged Group will be deemed to have irrevocably withdrawn the Nomination
Notice.

(c) Voting
Commitment. Until the Termination Date, the Engaged Group agrees that it shall, and shall cause each of its Affiliates and Associates
to, appear in person or by proxy or participate virtually at each annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Company, or any
action by written consent of the Companys stockholders in lieu thereof, and any adjournment, postponement, rescheduling or continuation
thereof (each, a Stockholder Meeting) and vote all Voting Securities beneficially owned, directly or indirectly (including
notional shares associated with any Derivatives or other Synthetic Positions) by the Engaged Group or any such Affiliate or Associate
(of which the Engaged Group or such Affiliate or Associate has the right or ability to vote as of the applicable record date for such
Stockholder Meeting) at such Stockholder Meeting (i) in favor of the nominees for director recommended by the Board, against or withhold
from voting in favor of the election of any nominee for director not approved, recommended and nominated by the Board for election at
any such meeting, and against any removal of any director of the Board, and (ii) in accordance with the Boards recommendation
with respect to any other matter presented at such meeting; provided, however, that in the event Institutional Shareholder Services Inc.
(ISS) or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC (Glass Lewis) recommends otherwise with respect to
any proposals (other than the election of directors), the Engaged Group shall be permitted to vote in accordance with the ISS or Glass
Lewis recommendation; provided, further, that the Engaged Group shall be permitted to vote in its sole discretion with respect to any
publicly announced proposals relating to an Extraordinary Transaction.

(d) Standstill.
Until the Termination Date, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, the Engaged Group will not, and will cause each of its Affiliates
and Associates to not, directly or indirectly, in any manner:

(i) (A) acquire,
cause to be acquired, or offer, seek or agree to acquire, whether by purchase, tender or exchange offer, through the acquisition of control
of another person, by joining or forming a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other group (including any group of persons
that would be treated as a single person under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), through swap or hedging transactions,
other Synthetic Positions or otherwise (the taking of any such action, an Acquisition), beneficial ownership (including
notional shares associated with any Derivatives or other Synthetic Positions) of any securities or assets of the Company (or any direct
or indirect rights or options to acquire such ownership, including voting

3 

rights decoupled from the underlying Voting Securities) such
that after giving effect to any such Acquisition, the Engaged Group or any of its Affiliates and Associates holds, directly or indirectly,
in excess of 9.9% of the Voting Securities, (B) acquire, cause to be acquired or offer, seek or agree to acquire, whether by purchase
or otherwise, any interest in any indebtedness of the Company, or (C) acquire, cause to be acquired or offer, seek or agree to acquire,
ownership of any asset or business of the Company or any right or option to acquire any such asset or business from any person;

(ii) (A) nominate,
give notice of an intent to nominate, or recommend for nomination a person for election to the Board or take any action in respect of
the removal of any director (in each case other than pursuant to Section 1), (B) seek or knowingly encourage any person to submit
any nomination in furtherance of a contested solicitation or take any other action in respect of the election or removal
of any director (in each case other than pursuant to Section 1), (C) submit, or seek or knowingly encourage the submission
of, any stockholder proposal (pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or otherwise) for consideration at, or bring any other
business before, any Stockholder Meeting, (D) request, or knowingly initiate, encourage or participate in any request, to call a
Stockholder Meeting, (E) publicly seek to amend any provision of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and
Restated By-Laws (the Bylaws) or other governing documents or policies of the Company (each as may be amended from
time to time), (F) make any public proposal regarding a change in the number or identity of directors of the Company or any other
change to the Companys executive officers; or (G) take any action similar to the foregoing with respect to any subsidiary
of the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Engaged Group or its Affiliates or Associates from
taking actions in furtherance of identifying director candidates in connection with the 2026 Annual Meeting so long as such actions do
not create a public disclosure obligation for the Engaged Group or the Company and are undertaken on a basis reasonably designed to be
confidential and in accordance in all material respects with the Engaged Groups normal practices in the circumstances;

(iii) solicit any proxy,
consent or other authority to vote of stockholders or conduct any other referendum (binding or non-binding) (including any withhold,
vote no or similar campaign) with respect to, or from the holders of, Voting Securities, or become a participant
(as such term is defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) in, or knowingly assist, advise,
initiate, encourage or influence any person (other than the Company) in, any solicitation of any proxy, consent or other
authority to vote any Voting Securities (other than such assistance, advice, encouragement or influence that is consistent with the Boards
recommendation in connection with such matter); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not restrict the Engaged Group
or its Affiliates or Associates from stating how they intend to vote with respect to an Extraordinary Transaction, if any, that has been
publicly submitted for the approval of the Companys stockholders and the reasons therefor;

(iv) (A) grant
any proxy, consent or other authority to vote with respect to any matters for any Stockholder Meeting or (B) deposit any securities
of the Company in any voting trust or subject any securities of the Company to any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting
of any such securities of the Company, in each case of clauses (A) and (B) other than (1) customary brokerage accounts,
margin accounts, prime brokerage accounts and similar

4 

accounts (in each case so long as the Engaged Group retains control with respect
to the securities deposited in such accounts), (2) granting any proxy, consent or other authority to vote in any solicitation approved
by the Board and consistent with the recommendation of the Board, and (3) granting any proxy, consent or other authority to vote
in any solicitation in connection with any matter for which the Engaged Group retains voting discretion pursuant to, and in accordance
with, Section 2(c);

(v) knowingly encourage,
advise or influence any person or knowingly assist any person in so encouraging, advising or influencing any person, with respect to the
giving or withholding of any proxy, consent or authority to vote any Voting Securities or in conducting any referendum (binding or non-binding)
(including any withhold, vote no, or similar campaign), in each case other than such encouragement, advice
or influence that is consistent with the Boards recommendation in connection with such matter or otherwise in connection with an
Extraordinary Transaction that has been publicly submitted for the approval of the Companys stockholders;

(vi) without the prior
written approval of the Company, separately or in conjunction with any other person in which it is or proposes to be either a principal,
partner or financing source or is acting or proposes to act as broker or agent for compensation, propose, suggest or recommend publicly
or in a manner that the Engaged Group is required under applicable law, rule or regulation to disclose publicly or participate in,
effect or seek to effect any Extraordinary Transaction or knowingly encourage any other third party in any such activity; provided,
that nothing in this Section 2(d)(vi) shall be interpreted to prohibit the Engaged Group from (1) proposing, suggesting
or recommending any Extraordinary Transaction privately to the Company so long as any such action is not publicly disclosed by the Engaged
Group and is made by the Engaged Group in a manner that would not reasonably be expected to require the public disclosure thereof by the
Company, the Engaged Group or any other person or (2) tendering shares, receiving consideration or other payment for shares, or otherwise
participating in any publicly announced Extraordinary Transaction on the same basis as other stockholders of the Company;

(vii) form, join, encourage
the formation of, or in any way participate in any partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) with respect to any Voting Securities (other than a group that includes all or some of the members of the Engaged Group,
but does not include any other entities or persons that are not members of the Engaged Group as of the date hereof; provided that
nothing herein shall limit the ability of an Affiliate of the Engaged Group to join such group following the execution of this Agreement,
so long as any such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement);

(viii) make or publicly
advance any request or proposal to amend, modify or waive any provision of this Agreement, or take any action challenging the validity
or enforceability of any provision of or obligation arising under this Agreement; provided that the Engaged Group may make confidential
requests to the Board to amend, modify or waive any provision of this Agreement, which the Board may accept or reject in its sole and
absolute discretion, so long as any such request is not publicly disclosed by the Engaged Group and is made by the Engaged Group in a
manner that would not reasonably be expected to require the public disclosure thereof by the Company, the Engaged Group or any other person;

5 

(ix) make
a request for a list of the Companys stockholders or for any books and records of the Company pursuant to Section 220 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) or any other statutory or regulatory provisions
providing for stockholder access to books and records; or

(x) enter into any discussion,
negotiation, agreement, arrangement or understanding concerning any of the foregoing (other than this Agreement) or encourage, assist,
solicit, seek, or seek to cause any person to undertake any action inconsistent with this Section 2(d).

(e) Private Communications;
Legal Requirements. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the foregoing provisions of Section 2(d) shall
not be deemed to restrict the Engaged Group from: (i) communicating privately with the Board or the Companys Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer or General Counsel regarding any matter, so long as such communications are not intended to, and would
not reasonably be expected to, require any public disclosure of such communications, (ii) communicating privately with stockholders
of the Company and others in a manner that does not otherwise violate this Section 2 or Section 5, or (iii) taking
any action necessary to comply with any Legal Requirement (as defined below) (provided that such Legal Requirement did not result
from any violation of this Agreement or other voluntary action by the Engaged Group, it being understood that a requirement to file a
Schedule 13D shall not derogate the Engaged Groups obligations under Section 2(d) of this Agreement). Furthermore,
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to restrict in any way the New Directors in the exercise of their
fiduciary duties under applicable law as a director of the Company.

(f) Ownership
Information. Until the Termination Date, the Engaged Group agrees to promptly notify the Company if its collective beneficial ownership
of Common Stock (including notional shares associated with any Derivatives or other Synthetic Position) exceeds 4.5% of the Companys
then outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Engaged Group further agrees to notify the Company of its collective beneficial ownership
of Common Stock (including notional shares associated with any Derivatives or other Synthetic Position) at the time (if any) it seeks
to exercise its rights with respect to a Replacement Director in accordance with Section 1(c). The information provided to the Company
by the Engaged Group in accordance with this Section 2(f) shall be kept strictly confidential by the Company unless required
to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law, the rules of any stock exchange or any Legal Requirement.

3. Representations
and Warranties of All Parties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that (a) such Party has all requisite power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder, (b) this Agreement has been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered by it and is a valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in
accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and similar laws relating to creditors rights and to general equity
principles), and (c) this Agreement will not result in a material violation of any (i) term or condition of any agreement to
which such Party is a party or by which such Party may otherwise be bound or (ii) law, rule, license, regulation, judgment, order
or decree governing or affecting such Party.

6 

4. Representations,
Warranties and Covenants of the Engaged Group. The Engaged Group represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that (a) as
of the date of this Agreement, the Engaged Group collectively beneficially owns and is entitled to vote an aggregate of 1,543,518 shares
of Common Stock and has economic exposure to an additional 895,059 shares of Common Stock in the form of certain cash-settled total return
swap agreements, (b) except as set forth in the preceding clause (a), as of the date of this Agreement, the Engaged Group does not
have, and does not have any right to acquire, any interest in any indebtedness or other securities of the Company, including Derivatives,
or a Synthetic Position, (c) the Engaged Group has not provided or agreed to provide, and will not provide, any compensation in cash
or otherwise to the First Director in connection with such persons appointment to, or service as a director on, the Board, (d) the
First Director is not a current employee or paid consultant of the Engaged Group, and (e) the Engaged Group has not been party to,
and is not and will not become party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with the First Director
with respect to such persons service as a director on the Board, including any such agreement, arrangement or understanding with
respect to how such person should or would vote or act on any issue or question as a director.

5. Non-Disparagement.
Subject to applicable law, each of the Parties covenants and agrees that, until the Termination Date, or if earlier, until such time as
the other Party or any of its Representatives shall have breached this Section 5, neither it nor any of its Representatives
shall in any way attempt to discredit, make derogatory statements with respect to, call into disrepute, defame, make or cause to be made
any statement or announcement that relates to and constitutes an ad hominem attack on, or relates to and otherwise disparages (or
causes to be disparaged) the other Party or such other Partys subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors, assigns, officers (including
any current or former officer of a Party or a Parties subsidiaries, in each case solely in connection with their service in such
capacities), directors (including any current or former director of a Party or a Parties subsidiaries, in each case solely in connection
with their service in such capacities) or employees (solely in connection with their service in such capacities), or any of their practices,
procedures, businesses, business operations, products or services, in any manner. The foregoing shall not prevent the making of any factual
statement in connection with any compelled testimony or production of information by Legal Requirement.

6. No
Litigation. Each Party agrees that, until the Termination Date, it shall not institute, solicit, join or assist in any lawsuit, claim
or proceeding before any court or government agency (each, a Legal Proceeding) against the other Party, any Affiliate
of the other Party or any of their respective current or former directors or officers (solely in connection with their service in such
capacities), except for (a) any Legal Proceeding initiated primarily to remedy a breach of or to enforce this Agreement and (b) counterclaims
with respect to any proceeding initiated by or on behalf of one Party or its Affiliates against the other Party or its Affiliates; provided,
however, that the foregoing shall not prevent any Party or any of its Representatives from responding to oral questions, interrogatories,
requests for information or documents, subpoenas, civil investigative demands or similar processes (each, a Legal Requirement)
in connection with any Legal Proceeding if such Legal Proceeding has not been initiated by, on behalf of or at the suggestion of such
Party; provided, further, that in the event any Party or any of its Representatives receives such Legal Requirement, such
Party shall give prompt written notice of such Legal Requirement to the other Party (except where such notice would be legally prohibited
or not practicable). Each Party represents and warrants that neither it nor any assignee has filed any lawsuit against the other Party.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 

7 

6 shall not prohibit the Engaged Group or its Representatives from
exercising any available statutory appraisal rights (if any) with respect to the Company.

7. Confidentiality.
The Engaged Group acknowledges and agrees that the First Director shall be required to preserve the confidentiality of the Companys
information, including any non-public information entrusted to or obtained by such director by reason of the First Directors position
as a director of the Company. The Engaged Group further acknowledges and agrees that the First Director will not share any information
about the Company with the Engaged Group without the Boards consent, and the Engaged Group will not seek to obtain any such confidential
information from the First Director.

8. Press
Release; Communications. Promptly following the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall issue the press release in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Press Release) announcing certain terms of this Agreement and other matters.
Neither the Company nor the Engaged Group shall make or cause to be made, and the Company and the Engaged Group shall cause their respective
Affiliates and Associates not to make or cause to be made, any public announcement or statement with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement that is contrary to the statements made in the Press Release or the terms of this Agreement, except as required by law
or the rules of any stock exchange or with the prior written consent of the other Party. The Engaged Group acknowledges and agrees
that the Company may file this Agreement and file or furnish the Press Release with the SEC as exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K
and other filings with the SEC. The Engaged Group shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the disclosure related
hereto in any Current Report on Form 8-K or other filing with the SEC made by the Company with respect to this Agreement, and the
Company shall give reasonable consideration to any comments of the Engaged Group.

9. Expenses.
Each Party shall be responsible for its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution and effectuation
of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that the Company shall reimburse the Engaged Group for its reasonable
documented expenses, including legal fees incurred in connection with the negotiation and entry into this Agreement, the 2025 Annual Meeting
and the matters related thereto, in an amount not to exceed $350,000.00.

10. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate on the earliest to occur of (a) thirty (30) calendar days prior to the notice deadline under the By-Laws
for the nomination of director candidates for election to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting, (b) thirty (30) calendar days prior
to the first anniversary of the notice deadline under the By-Laws for the nomination of director candidates for election to the Board
at the 2025 Annual Meeting, and (c) the closing of an Extraordinary Transaction (the effective date of termination, the Termination
Date), it being understood that the Company shall be required to give sufficient advance written notice to the Engaged Group
in the event the Company determines to advance or delay the 2026 Annual Meeting, so that the Engaged Group will continue to have no less
than thirty (30) calendar days to nominate at such meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 9 through Section 21
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. No termination of this Agreement shall relieve any Party from liability for any breach
of this Agreement prior to such termination.

11. Certain
Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement:

8 

(a) Affiliate
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and shall include all persons or entities
that at any time during the term of this Agreement become Affiliates of any person or entity referred to in this Agreement; provided,
however, that this term shall refer only to Affiliates controlled by the Company or the members of the Engaged Group, as applicable;
provided, further, that, for purposes of this Agreement, the members of the Engaged Group shall not be Affiliates of the
Company and the Company shall not be an Affiliate of the members of the Engaged Group.

(b) Associate
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and shall include all persons or entities
that at any time during the term of this Agreement become Associate of any person or entity referred to in this Agreement; provided,
however, that this term shall refer only to Associates controlled by the Company or the members of the Engaged Group, as applicable;
provided, further, that, for purposes of this Agreement, the members of the Engaged Group shall not be Associates of the
Company and the Company shall not be an Associate of the members of the Engaged Group.

(c) beneficial
ownership, group, person, proxy and solicitation
(and any plurals thereof) have the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(d) Business
Day means any day that is not (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) other day on which commercial banks in
the State of New York are authorized or required to be closed by applicable law.

(e) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder).

(f) Extraordinary
Transaction means any tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, business combination, sale, recapitalization,
restructuring, or other transaction with a person that, in each case, results in a change in control of the Company or the sale of substantially
all of its assets.

(g) Party
means the Company and the Engaged Group, individually, and Parties means the Company and the Engaged Group, collectively.

(h) Representatives
means a persons Affiliates and Associates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, members, managers,
consultants, legal or other advisors, agents and other representatives acting in a capacity on behalf of, in concert with or at the direction
of, such person or its Affiliates and Associates.

(i) SEC
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

(j) Synthetic
Position means any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or other security, contract right or derivative
position or similar right (including any swap transaction with respect to any security, other than a broad based market
basket or index) (each of the foregoing, a Derivative), whether or not presently exercisable, that has an exercise
or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to the value of Voting Securities or a value determined
in whole or in part with reference to, or derived in whole or in part from, the value of Voting Securities and that increases in value
as the market price or value of Voting Securities increases or that provides an opportunity, directly or indirectly, 

9 

to profit or share
in any profit derived from any increase in the value of Voting Securities, in each case regardless of whether (i) it conveys any
voting rights in such Voting Securities to any person, (ii) it is required to be or capable of being settled, in whole or in part,
in Voting Securities or (iii) any person (including the holder of such Synthetic Position) may have entered into other transactions
that hedge its economic effect.

(k) Voting Securities
means the Common Stock and any other securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of directors.

12. Mandatory
Injunctive Relief; Fees.

(a) Each
Party acknowledges and agrees that any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall cause the other Party irreparable harm which would
not be adequately compensable by money damages. Accordingly, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by a Party of any provision
of this Agreement, the other Party shall be entitled to seek an injunction or other equitable relief, without having to prove irreparable
harm or actual damages or post a bond or other security. The foregoing right shall be in addition to such other rights or remedies that
may be available to the non-breaching Party for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of money damages.

(b) If
a Party institutes any legal suit, action or proceeding against the other Party to enforce this Agreement (or obtain any other remedy
regarding any breach of this Agreement) or arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including contract, equity, tort, fraud and statutory
claims, the prevailing Party in the suit, action or proceeding is entitled to receive, and the non-prevailing Party shall pay, in addition
to all other remedies to which the prevailing Party may be entitled, the costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing Party in conducting
the suit, action or proceeding, including actual attorneys fees and expenses, even if not recoverable by law.

13. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. Each Party agrees to use its commercially reasonable best efforts to agree upon
and substitute a valid and enforceable term, provision, covenant or restriction for any of such that is held invalid, void or unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction.

14. Notices.
Any notices, consents, determinations, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement
must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been delivered (a) upon receipt, when delivered personally, (b) upon confirmation
of receipt, when sent by e-mail (provided that such confirmation is not automatically generated) or (c) one Business Day after deposit
with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the Party to receive the same. The addresses
for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

YETI Holdings, Inc.

7601 Southwest Parkway

Austin, TX 78735

10 

Attention: Matthew J. Reintjes

Email: [***]

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

OMelveny & Myers LLP

2765 Sand Hill Road

Menlo
Park, CA 94025

Attention: Bradley L. Finkelstein

Robert T. Plesnarksi

Email: [***]

[***]

If to the Engaged Group:

Engaged Capital, LLC

610 Newport Center Drive, Suite 950

Newport Beach, CA 92660

Attention: Glenn W. Welling

Email: [***]

With copies (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP

1325 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10019

Attention: Ryan Nebel

Ian Engoron

Email: [***]

[***]

15. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver. This Agreement and all actions, proceedings or counterclaims (whether based on contract, tort or
otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any action of the Company or the Engaged Group in the negotiation, administration,
performance or enforcement hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction)
that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. Each Party irrevocably agrees that
any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement and any rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for recognition and
enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and any rights and obligations arising hereunder brought by the other Party
or its successors or assigns, shall be brought and determined exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court
therefrom within the State of Delaware (or, if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter,
any federal court within the State of Delaware) (the Chosen Courts). Each Party hereby irrevocably 

11 

submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and
in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts and agrees that it shall
not bring any action relating to this Agreement in any court other than the Chosen Courts. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives, and
agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts for any reason, (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction
of any Chosen Court or from any legal process commenced in the Chosen Courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to
judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, any claim that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any Chosen Court
is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (iii) this Agreement,
or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by the Chosen Courts. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

16. Counterparts;
Electronic Transmission. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, which together shall constitute a single agreement.
Any signature to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf)
form or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, shall have the
same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.

17. No
Waiver. Any waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver
of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Agreement. The failure of a Party to insist upon
strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver of, or deprive that Party of
the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to, that term or any other term of this Agreement.

18 Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may only be amended pursuant to a written agreement executed by each Party.

19. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement may not be transferred or assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.
Any purported assignment without such consent is null and void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by and against the permitted successors and assigns of each Party.

20. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and is not enforceable by any other person.

21. Interpretation
and Construction. Each Party acknowledges that it has been represented by independent counsel of its choice throughout all negotiations
that have preceded the execution of this Agreement, and that it has executed the same with the advice of said independent counsel. Each
Party and its counsel cooperated and participated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement and the documents referred to herein,
and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among the parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the Parties and

12 

may not be construed against
any Party by reason of its drafting or preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would require interpretation
of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any Party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby expressly waived
by each Party, and any controversy over any interpretation of this Agreement shall be decided without regards to events of drafting or
preparation. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, (a) the word including (in its various forms) means including,
without limitation, (b) the words hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar
import are references to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement and (c) the word or
is not exclusive.

[Signature page(s) follow]

13 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party has executed this Agreement or caused the same to be executed by its duly authorized representative
as of the date first above written.

YETI HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Matthew J. Reintjes

Name: Matthew J. Reintjes

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

ENGAGED GROUP:

ENGAGED CAPITAL FLAGSHIP MASTER FUND, LP

By: Engaged Capital, LLC

General Partner

By: /s/ Glenn W. Welling

Name: Glenn W. Welling

Title: Founder and Chief Investment Officer

ENGAGED CAPITAL CO-INVEST XVIII, LP

By: Engaged Capital, LLC

General Partner

By: /s/ Glenn W. Welling

Name: Glenn W. Welling

Title: Founder and Chief Investment Officer

ENGAGED CAPITAL, LLC

By: /s/ Glenn W. Welling

Name: Glenn W. Welling

Title: Founder and Chief Investment Officer

ENGAGED CAPITAL HOLDINGS, LLC

By: /s/ Glenn W. Welling

Name: Glenn W. Welling

Title: Sole Member

/s/ Glenn W. Welling

GLENN W. WELLING

EXHIBIT A

Engaged Group

Engaged Capital Flagship Master Fund, LP

Engaged Capital Co-Invest XVIII, LP

Engaged Capital, LLC

Engaged Capital Holdings, LLC

Glenn W. Welling

EXHIBIT B

Press Release

YETI to Appoint J. Magnus Welander and Arne
Arens to Companys Board of Directors

Appointments Reflect YETIs Ongoing Commitment
to Board Refreshment That Supports Growth and 

Value Creation

New Directors Each Bring Decades of Experience
Positioning Leading Outdoor Brands to Successfully 

Expand into New Categories and Markets 

Enters into Cooperation Agreement with Engaged
Capital 

AUSTIN, Texas, March 17, 2025
YETI Holdings, Inc. (YETI or the Company) (NYSE: YETI) today announced that it has appointed J. Magnus
Welander and Arne Arens to its Board of Directors (the Board), effective March 24, 2025. The Company also announced that
it has entered into a cooperation agreement with stockholder Engaged Capital, LLC (collectively with certain of its affiliates, Engaged).
The appointments of Messrs. Welander and Arens increase the size of YETIs Board to 10 members, nine of whom are independent.

These new appointments reflect the Companys ongoing Board refreshment
efforts, which are focused on further aligning director experience and skillsets with YETIs strategy and future opportunities.
In addition to collaborating with Engaged on this latest round of Board refreshment, YETIs management team has held extensive discussions
with the firm about their shared goals of accelerating growth and enhancing stockholder value.

Robert K. Shearer, Chair of the YETI Board,
commented: We are pleased to welcome J. Magnus and Arne to the YETI Board and appreciate the role Engaged Capital played in
identifying Arne as a prospective Board member. These appointments are part of our comprehensive and ongoing refreshment process,
and we are confident that J. Magnus and Arnes extensive experience and knowledge of consumer brands will be
complementary additions to our Board. We look forward to benefitting from their perspectives as we remain focused on driving growth
and delivering sustainable value for our stockholders.

Matt Reintjes, President and Chief Executive
Officer of YETI, noted: We continue to build upon our proven history of expanding the YETI brand and product portfolio,
delivering high quality growth, and exceptional cash generation. The addition of J. Magnus and Arnes collective
experience leading relevant, global consumer brands complements our strategy and our Board. I look forward to partnering with
J. Magnus and Arne as we grow YETI globally.

Mr. Welander added: It is a privilege to join the YETI Board
at this exciting time. I look forward to contributing by working with my fellow directors and management to ensure that YETI capitalizes
on its strong brand position and momentum, explores new avenues of growth, and drives innovation to meet the evolving needs of its customers.

Mr. Arens added: YETI is a leading brand with incredible potential,
which is one of the reasons I am excited to join this Board. Together with the management team and my fellow Board members, I intend to
help advance the Companys objectives, support innovation, expand its customer base, and drive profitable growth.

Glenn W. Welling, Founder and CIO of Engaged Capital, concluded: We
are pleased to have worked constructively with Matt and the Board and support these director appointments. YETI leadership has built a
great business, and we invested in the Company based on the strength and extensibility of the brand. Arne and Magnus both have decades
of experience positioning leading outdoor brands to grow into new categories and geographies. Their counsel will be invaluable to the
management team as it executes on a strong plan to materially expand the product portfolio and enter new countries around the world.

Goldman Sachs is serving as financial advisor and OMelveny &
Myers LLP is serving as legal counsel to YETI. Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher is serving as strategic communications advisor to
YETI. Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as legal counsel and Longacre Square Partners LLC is serving as advisor to Engaged.

About J. Magnus Welander

Mr. Welander is the former Chief Executive Officer of Thule Group AB
(Thule), a global lifestyle and outdoor company. Prior to his career at Thule, he was Group CEO of the global pharma logistics
company Envirotainer and held various managerial positions at the global food processing and packaging company Tetra Pak. He currently
serves as Chairman of the Board at Mips, Embellence Group, and Eleiko Group. He has a degree in Civil Engineering from the Institute of
Technology at Linkping University.

About Arne Arens

Mr. Arens is the former Chief Executive Officer of Boardriders, Inc.
(Boardriders), a portfolio of performance, lifestyle, and footwear brands geared toward action sport enthusiasts. Prior
to Boardriders, Mr. Arens served in roles of increasing seniority at The North Face, a subsidiary of V.F. Corporation. Prior to joining
The North Face, Mr. Arens served in various executive roles with NIKE, Inc. in Europe. He holds a bachelors degree in communication
science and business administration from University of Amsterdam and an EMBA from Northwestern University.

About YETI Holdings, Inc.

Headquartered in Austin, Texas, YETI is a global designer, retailer,
and distributor of innovative outdoor products. From coolers and drinkware to bags and apparel, YETI products are built to meet the unique
and varying needs of diverse outdoor pursuits, whether in the remote wilderness, at the beach, or anywhere life takes you. By consistently
delivering high-performing, exceptional products, we have built a strong following of brand loyalists throughout the world, ranging from
serious outdoor enthusiasts to individuals who simply value products of uncompromising quality and design. We have an unwavering commitment
to outdoor and recreation communities, and we are relentless in our pursuit of building superior products for people to confidently enjoy
life outdoors and beyond. For more information, please visit www.YETI.com.

About Engaged Capital

Engaged Capital, LLC
(Engaged Capital) is an investment advisor with a private equity-like investing style in the U.S. public equity markets.
Engaged Capital seeks to help build sustainable businesses that create long-term stockholder value by engaging with and bringing an owners
perspective to the managements and boards of undervalued public companies and working with them to unlock the embedded value within their
businesses. Engaged Capital focuses on delivering superior, long-term, risk-adjusted returns for our limited partners. Engaged Capital
was established in 2012 and is based in Newport Beach, California. Learn more at www.engagedcapital.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical or current
fact included in this press release are forward-looking statements. For example, these include, but are not limited to, statements made
relating to future actions, future appointments to and refreshment of our Board of Directors, expectations related to the appointment
of Messrs. Welander and Arens to our Board of Directors, our collaboration with Engaged, and future performance or financial results.
All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that
are expected and, therefore, you should not unduly rely on such statements. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include but are not limited to: (i) economic
conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions; (ii) our ability to maintain and strengthen our brand and generate and
maintain ongoing demand for our products; (iii) our ability to successfully design, develop and market new products; (iv) our ability
to effectively manage our growth; (v) our ability to expand into additional consumer markets, and our success in doing so; and (vi) the
additional risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28,
2024. For a more extensive summary of factors that could materially affect our results, you should read our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 28, 2024 and our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC),
as such filings may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports YETI files with the SEC.

These forward-looking statements are made based upon detailed assumptions
and reflect managements current expectations and beliefs. While YETI believes that these assumptions underlying the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, YETI cautions that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for YETI
to anticipate all factors that could affect actual results.

The forward-looking statements included here are made only as of the
date hereof. YETI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the global
business and economic environment, including ongoing geopolitical conflicts.

Investor Relations Contact:

Maria Lycouris

Solebury Strategic Communications

Investor.relations@yeti.com

Media Contact:

YETI Holdings, Inc. Media Hotline

Media@yeti.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm258918d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

YETI to Appoint J. Magnus Welander and Arne
Arens to Companys Board of Directors

Appointments Reflect YETIs Ongoing Commitment
to Board Refreshment That Supports Growth and

Value Creation

New Directors Each Bring Decades of Experience
Positioning Leading Outdoor Brands to Successfully

Expand into New Categories and Markets 

Enters into Cooperation Agreement with Engaged
Capital 

AUSTIN, Texas, March 17, 2025
YETI Holdings, Inc. (YETI or the Company) (NYSE: YETI) today announced that it has appointed J. Magnus
Welander and Arne Arens to its Board of Directors (the Board), effective March 24, 2025. The Company also announced that
it has entered into a cooperation agreement with stockholder Engaged Capital, LLC (collectively with certain of its affiliates, Engaged).
The appointments of Messrs. Welander and Arens increase the size of YETIs Board to 10 members, nine of whom are independent.

These new appointments reflect the Companys ongoing Board refreshment
efforts, which are focused on further aligning director experience and skillsets with YETIs strategy and future opportunities.
In addition to collaborating with Engaged on this latest round of Board refreshment, YETIs management team has held extensive discussions
with the firm about their shared goals of accelerating growth and enhancing stockholder value.

Robert K. Shearer, Chair of the YETI Board, commented: We
are pleased to welcome J. Magnus and Arne to the YETI Board and appreciate the role Engaged Capital played in identifying Arne as a
prospective Board member. These appointments are part of our comprehensive and ongoing refreshment process, and we are confident
that J. Magnus and Arnes extensive experience and knowledge of consumer brands will be complementary additions to our
Board. We look forward to benefitting from their perspectives as we remain focused on driving growth and delivering sustainable
value for our stockholders.

Matt Reintjes, President and Chief Executive Officer of YETI,
noted: We continue to build upon our proven history of expanding the YETI brand and product portfolio, delivering high
quality growth, and exceptional cash generation. The addition of J. Magnus and Arnes collective experience leading
relevant, global consumer brands complements our strategy and our Board. I look forward to partnering with J. Magnus and Arne as we
grow YETI globally.

Mr. Welander added: It is a privilege to join the YETI Board
at this exciting time. I look forward to contributing by working with my fellow directors and management to ensure that YETI capitalizes
on its strong brand position and momentum, explores new avenues of growth, and drives innovation to meet the evolving needs of its customers.

Mr. Arens added: YETI is a leading brand with incredible potential,
which is one of the reasons I am excited to join this Board. Together with the management team and my fellow Board members, I intend to
help advance the Companys objectives, support innovation, expand its customer base, and drive profitable growth.

Glenn W. Welling, Founder and CIO of Engaged Capital, concluded: We
are pleased to have worked constructively with Matt and the Board and support these director appointments. YETI leadership has built a
great business, and we invested in the Company based on the strength and extensibility of the brand. Arne and Magnus both have decades
of experience positioning leading outdoor brands to grow into new categories and geographies. Their counsel will be invaluable to the
management team as it executes on a strong plan to materially expand the product portfolio and enter new countries around the world.

Goldman Sachs is serving as financial advisor and OMelveny &
Myers LLP is serving as legal counsel to YETI. Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher is serving as strategic communications advisor to
YETI. Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP is serving as legal counsel and Longacre Square Partners LLC is serving as advisor to Engaged.

About J. Magnus Welander

Mr. Welander is the former Chief Executive Officer of Thule Group AB
(Thule), a global lifestyle and outdoor company. Prior to his career at Thule, he was Group CEO of the global pharma logistics
company Envirotainer and held various managerial positions at the global food processing and packaging company Tetra Pak. He currently
serves as Chairman of the Board at Mips, Embellence Group, and Eleiko Group. He has a degree in Civil Engineering from the Institute of
Technology at Linkping University.

About Arne Arens

Mr. Arens is the former Chief Executive Officer of Boardriders, Inc.
(Boardriders), a portfolio of performance, lifestyle, and footwear brands geared toward action sport enthusiasts. Prior
to Boardriders, Mr. Arens served in roles of increasing seniority at The North Face, a subsidiary of V.F. Corporation. Prior to joining
The North Face, Mr. Arens served in various executive roles with NIKE, Inc. in Europe. He holds a bachelors degree in communication
science and business administration from University of Amsterdam and an EMBA from Northwestern University.

About YETI Holdings, Inc.

Headquartered in Austin, Texas, YETI is a global designer, retailer,
and distributor of innovative outdoor products. From coolers and drinkware to bags and apparel, YETI products are built to meet the unique
and varying needs of diverse outdoor pursuits, whether in the remote wilderness, at the beach, or anywhere life takes you. By consistently
delivering high-performing, exceptional products, we have built a strong following of brand loyalists throughout the world, ranging from
serious outdoor enthusiasts to individuals who simply value products of uncompromising quality and design. We have an unwavering commitment
to outdoor and recreation communities, and we are relentless in our pursuit of building superior products for people to confidently enjoy
life outdoors and beyond. For more information, please visit www.YETI.com.

About Engaged Capital

Engaged Capital, LLC
(Engaged Capital) is an investment advisor with a private equity-like investing style in the U.S. public equity markets.
Engaged Capital seeks to help build sustainable businesses that create long-term stockholder value by engaging with and bringing an owners
perspective to the managements and boards of undervalued public companies and working with them to unlock the embedded value within their
businesses. Engaged Capital focuses on delivering superior, long-term, risk-adjusted returns for our limited partners. Engaged Capital
was established in 2012 and is based in Newport Beach, California. Learn more at www.engagedcapital.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical or current
fact included in this press release are forward-looking statements. For example, these include, but are not limited to, statements made
relating to future actions, future appointments to and refreshment of our Board of Directors, expectations related to the appointment
of Messrs. Welander and Arens to our Board of Directors, our collaboration with Engaged, and future performance or financial results.
All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that
are expected and, therefore, you should not unduly rely on such statements. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include but are not limited to: (i) economic
conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions; (ii) our ability to maintain and strengthen our brand and generate and
maintain ongoing demand for our products; (iii) our ability to successfully design, develop and market new products; (iv) our ability
to effectively manage our growth; (v) our ability to expand into additional consumer markets, and our success in doing so; and (vi) the
additional risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28,
2024. For a more extensive summary of factors that could materially affect our results, you should read our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 28, 2024 and our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC),
as such filings may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports YETI files with the SEC.

These forward-looking statements are made based upon detailed assumptions
and reflect managements current expectations and beliefs. While YETI believes that these assumptions underlying the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, YETI cautions that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for YETI
to anticipate all factors that could affect actual results.

The forward-looking statements included here are made only as of the
date hereof. YETI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the global
business and economic environment, including ongoing geopolitical conflicts.

Investor Relations Contact:

Maria Lycouris

Solebury Strategic Communications

Investor.relations@yeti.com

Media Contact:

YETI Holdings, Inc. Media Hotline

Media@yeti.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm258918d1_logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>yeti-20250314.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>yeti-20250314_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>yeti-20250314_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38713

Entity Registrant Name YETI Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001670592

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-5297111

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7601 Southwest Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78735

City Area Code 512

Local Phone Number 394-9384

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol YETI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://yeti.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm258918d1_8k.htm 
yeti-20250314.xsd 
yeti-20250314_lab.xml 
yeti-20250314_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-024214-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm258918d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001670592 

2025-03-14 
2025-03-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001670592 
8-K 
2025-03-14 
YETI Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-38713 
45-5297111 
7601 Southwest Parkway 
Austin 
TX 
78735 
512 
394-9384 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 
YETI 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>