<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-032800.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-032800.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224073838
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-032800
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250221
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROSTRATEGY Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001050446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				510323571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42509
		FILM NUMBER:		25654208

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1850 TOWERS CRESCENT PLAZA
		CITY:			TYSONS CORNER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-848-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1850 TOWERS CRESCENT PLAZA
		CITY:			TYSONS CORNER
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROSTRATEGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971126
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d851880d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MICROSTRATEGY Incfalse000105044600010504462025-02-212025-02-210001050446us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-212025-02-210001050446us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-02-212025-02-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 21, 2025

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-42509 51-0323571

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1850 Towers Crescent Plaza

Tysons Corner, Virginia 22182

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (703)848-8600

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on which Registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share MSTR The Nasdaq Global Select Market

8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share STRK The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Convertible Notes Offering 

On February 21, 2025, MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy (Strategy or the Company) completed its previously announced private offering of its 0% convertible senior notes due 2030 (the notes). The notes were sold under a purchase agreement, dated as of February 19, 2025, entered into by and between Strategy and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the several initial purchasers named therein (the Initial Purchasers), for resale only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The aggregate principal amount of the notes sold in the offering was $2 billion. Strategy also granted to the Initial Purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of five business days from, and including, the date on which the notes were first issued, up to an additional $300 million aggregate principal amount of notes. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were approximately $1.99 billion, after deducting fees and estimated expenses. 

Strategy intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital. 

Indenture and the Notes 

On February 21, 2025, Strategy entered into an indenture (the Indenture) with respect to the notes with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The notes are the Companys senior, unsecured obligations and are: (i) equal in right of payment with the Companys existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the notes; (iii) senior in right of payment to the Companys existing and future preferred equity (including the Companys 8.00% series A perpetual strike preferred stock); (iv) effectively subordinated to the Companys existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (v) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Companys subsidiaries. 

The notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the notes does not accrete. However, special interest and additional interest may accrue on the notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the failure to file certain Securities and Exchange Commission reports or to remove certain restrictive legends from the notes. The notes will mature on March 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before December 3, 2029, noteholders have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after December 3, 2029, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its class A common stock, at the Companys election. The initial conversion rate is 2.3072 shares of the Companys class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $433.43 per share of the Companys class A common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 

The notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Companys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after March 5, 2027 and on or before the 20th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if (i) the notes are Freely Tradable (as defined in the Indenture), and all accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, has been paid in full, as of the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Companys class A common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding notes unless at least $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of the notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 

If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Companys class A common stock. 

Noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their notes on March 1, 2028, at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 

The notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of special interest or additional interest, if any, on the notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Companys failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Companys failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Companys ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) the Companys failure to convert a note in accordance with the Indenture, if such default is not cured within five days after its occurrence; (v) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least $200,000,000; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company significant subsidiaries. 

If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, on, all of the notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, on, all of the notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the notes for up to 360 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal amount of the notes. 

The foregoing description of the Indenture and the notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the notes, copies of which are filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1 and Exhibit 4.2 hereto respectively and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading Indenture and the Notes is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K under the heading Convertible Notes Offering is incorporated herein by reference. 

The Company offered and sold the notes to the Initial Purchasers in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and the notes were resold only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Company will settle conversions of the notes by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Companys class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Companys class A common stock, at the Companys election. Neither the notes nor the underlying shares of class A common stock have been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. Any shares of the Companys class A common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Assuming the Initial Purchasers fully exercise their option to purchase additional notes, initially, a maximum of 7,163,810 shares of the Companys class A common stock may be issued upon conversion of the notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 3.1147 shares of class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On February 24, 2025, Strategy issued a press release announcing the closing of the notes offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits attached hereto about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including the uncertainties related to market conditions and the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of Strategys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025 and the risks described in other filings that Strategy may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and Strategy specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025, by and between MicroStrategy Incorporated and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

4.2 Form of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included within Exhibit 4.1). 

99.1 Press Release, dated February 24, 2025, announcing the closing of the offering. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 24, 2025 

MicroStrategy Incorporated

(Registrant)

By: 

/s/ W. Ming Shao

Name: W. Ming Shao

Title: Executive Vice President & General Counsel
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d851880dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED D/B/A
STRATEGY 

and 

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of February 21, 2025 

0% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2030 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Article 1. Definitions; Rules of Construction 1 

Section 1.01. Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. Other Definitions 14 

Section 1.03. Rules of Construction 14 

Article 2. The Notes 15 

Section 2.01. Form, Dating and Denominations 15 

Section 2.02. Execution, Authentication and Delivery 16 

Section 2.03. Initial Notes and Additional Notes 16 

Section 2.04. Method of Payment 17 

Section 2.05. No Regular Interest; Accrual and Payment of Special Interest and Additional Interest; Defaulted Amounts; When Payment Date is Not a Business Day 17 

Section 2.06. Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent 19 

Section 2.07. Paying Agent and Conversion Agent to Hold Property in Trust 20 

Section 2.08. Holder Lists 20 

Section 2.09. Legends 20 

Section 2.10. Transfers and Exchanges; Certain Transfer Restrictions 21 

Section 2.11. Exchange and Cancellation of Notes to Be Converted or to Be Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, Optional Repurchase or Redemption 26 

Section 2.12. Removal of Transfer Restrictions 27 

Section 2.13. Replacement Notes 27 

Section 2.14. Registered Holders; Certain Rights with Respect to Global Notes 28 

Section 2.15. Cancellation 28 

Section 2.16. Notes Held by the Company or its Affiliates 28 

Section 2.17. Temporary Notes 29 

Section 2.18. Outstanding Notes 29 

Section 2.19. Repurchases by the Company 30 

Section 2.20. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers 30 

Article 3. Covenants 30 

Section 3.01. Payment on Notes 30 

Section 3.02. Exchange Act Reports 30 

Section 3.03. Rule 144A Information 31 

Section 3.04. Additional Interest 31 

Section 3.05. Compliance and Default Certificates 33 

Section 3.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 34 

Section 3.07. Acquisition of Notes by the Company and its Affiliates 34 

Section 3.08. Existence 34 

Article 4. Repurchase and Redemption 34 

- i - 

Section 4.01. No Sinking Fund 34 

Section 4.02. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change 34 

Section 4.03. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes on the Optional Repurchase Date 39 

Section 4.04. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes 43 

Article 5. The Conversion of Notes 46 

Section 5.01. Right to Convert 46 

Section 5.02. Conversion Procedures 50 

Section 5.03. Settlement Upon Conversion 52 

Section 5.04. Reserve and Status of Class A Common Stock Issued Upon Conversion 56 

Section 5.05. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate 57 

Section 5.06. Voluntary Adjustments 67 

Section 5.07. Adjustments to the Conversion Rate in Connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change 68 

Section 5.08. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 69 

Section 5.09. Effect of Class A Common Stock Change Event 70 

Article 6. Successors 72 

Section 6.01. When the Company May Merge, Etc. 72 

Section 6.02. Successor Entity Substituted 72 

Section 6.03. Exclusion for Asset Transfers with Wholly Owned Subsidiaries 72 

Article 7. Defaults and Remedies 73 

Section 7.01. Events of Default 73 

Section 7.02. Acceleration 75 

Section 7.03. Sole Remedy for a Failure to Report 75 

Section 7.04. Other Remedies 76 

Section 7.05. Waiver of Past Defaults 77 

Section 7.06. Cure of Defaults; Ability to Cure or Waive Before Event of Default Occurs 77 

Section 7.07. Control by Majority 77 

Section 7.08. Limitation on Suits 77 

Section 7.09. Absolute Right of Holders to Institute Suit for the Enforcement of the Right to Receive Payment and Conversion Consideration 78 

Section 7.10. Collection Suit by Trustee 78 

Section 7.11. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 78 

Section 7.12. Priorities 79 

Section 7.13. Undertaking for Costs 79 

Article 8. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 80 

Section 8.01. Without the Consent of Holders 80 

Section 8.02. With the Consent of Holders 81 

Section 8.03. Notice of Amendments, Supplements and Waivers 82 

Section 8.04. Revocation, Effect and Solicitation of Consents; Special Record Dates; Etc. 82 

- ii - 

Section 8.05. Notations and Exchanges 83 

Section 8.06. Trustee to Execute Supplemental Indentures 83 

Article 9. Satisfaction and Discharge 83 

Section 9.01. Termination of Companys Obligations 83 

Section 9.02. Repayment to Company 84 

Section 9.03. Reinstatement 84 

Article 10. Trustee 84 

Section 10.01. Duties of the Trustee 84 

Section 10.02. Rights of the Trustee 85 

Section 10.03. Individual Rights of the Trustee 86 

Section 10.04. Trustees Disclaimer 87 

Section 10.05. Notice of Defaults 87 

Section 10.06. Compensation and Indemnity 87 

Section 10.07. Replacement of the Trustee 88 

Section 10.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc. 89 

Section 10.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 89 

Article 11. Miscellaneous 89 

Section 11.01. Notices 89 

Section 11.02. Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel as to Conditions Precedent 91 

Section 11.03. Statements Required in Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel 92 

Section 11.04. Rules by the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent 92 

Section 11.05. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 92 

Section 11.06. Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial 92 

Section 11.07. Submission to Jurisdiction 93 

Section 11.08. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 93 

Section 11.09. Successors 93 

Section 11.10. Force Majeure 93 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT Act 93 

Section 11.12. Calculations 94 

Section 11.13. Severability 94 

Section 11.14. Counterparts 94 

Section 11.15. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 94 

Section 11.16. Withholding Taxes 95 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A: Form of Note A-1

Exhibit B-1: Form of Restricted Note
Legend B1-1

Exhibit B-2: Form of Global Note Legend B2-1

Exhibit B-3: Form of
Non-Affiliate Legend B3-1

- iii - 

INDENTURE, dated as of February 21, 2025, between MicroStrategy Incorporated, a
Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). 

Each party to this Indenture (as defined below) agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of
the Holders (as defined below) of the Companys 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes). 

Article 1.
DEFINITIONS; RULES OF CONSTRUCTION 

Section 1.01. DEFINITIONS. 

Additional Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to Section 3.04. 

Affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 144 as in effect on the Issue Date. 

Authorized Denomination means, with respect to a Note, a principal amount thereof equal to $1,000 or any integral multiple
of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar U.S. federal or state
or non-U.S. law for the relief of debtors. 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the
Person who is required to obtain bids for the Trading Price in accordance with Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The initial Bid Solicitation Agent on the Issue Date will be the Company;
provided, however, that the Company may appoint any other Person (including any of the Companys Subsidiaries) to be the Bid Solicitation Agent at any time after the Issue Date without prior notice. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act on
behalf of such board. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Capital Stock of
any Person means any and all shares of, interests in, rights to purchase, warrants or options for, participations in, or other equivalents of, in each case however designated, the equity of such Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible
into, or exchangeable for, such equity. 

Class A Common Stock means the class A common stock, $0.001
par value per share, of the Company, subject to Section 5.09. 

- 1 - 

Class B Common Stock means the class B common stock,
$0.001 par value per share, of the Company, or any other class of the Companys common equity, if any, into which the Class B Common Stock is reclassified or converted, or for which the Class B Common Stock is exchanged, in connection
with a transaction akin to Class A Common Stock Change Event but with respect to the Class B Common Stock (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the conversion of any of the Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of the Class B Common Stock). 

Close of Business means 5:00 p.m., New York City time.

Company means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this Indenture and, subject to Article 6, its
successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written request or order signed on behalf of the Company by one
(1) of its Officers and delivered to the Trustee. 

Conversion means, with respect to any Note, the conversion of
such note pursuant to Article 5 into Conversion Consideration. The terms Convert, Converted, Convertible, Converting and similar capitalized terms have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

Conversion Date means, with respect to a Note, the first Business Day on which the requirements set forth in
Section 5.02(A) to Convert such Note are satisfied, subject to Section 5.03(C). 

Conversion Price means, as of any time, an amount equal to (A) one thousand dollars ($1,000) divided by
(B) the Conversion Rate in effect at such time. 

Conversion Rate initially means 2.3072 shares of Class A
Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that the Conversion Rate is subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 5; provided, further, that whenever this Indenture refers to the
Conversion Rate as of a particular date without setting forth a particular time on such date, such reference will be deemed to be to the Conversion Rate immediately after the Close of Business on such date. 

Conversion Share means any share of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable upon Conversion of any Note. 

Daily Cash Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the lesser of (A) the applicable Daily Maximum Cash
Amount; and (B) the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day. 

Daily Conversion Value means, with respect
to any VWAP Trading Day, one-twentieth (1/20th) of the product of (A) the Conversion Rate on such VWAP Trading Day; and (B) the Daily VWAP per share of Class A Common Stock on such VWAP Trading
Day. 

Daily Maximum Cash Amount means, with respect to the Conversion of any Note, the quotient obtained by dividing
(A) the Specified Dollar Amount applicable to such Conversion by (B) twenty (20). 

- 2 - 

Daily Share Amount means, with respect to any VWAP Trading Day, the
quotient obtained by dividing (A) the excess, if any, of the Daily Conversion Value for such VWAP Trading Day over the applicable Daily Maximum Cash Amount by (B) the Daily VWAP for such VWAP Trading Day. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Daily Share Amount will be zero for such VWAP Trading Day if such Daily Conversion Value does not exceed such Daily Maximum Cash Amount. 

Daily VWAP means, for any VWAP Trading Day, the per share volume-weighted average price of the Class A Common Stock as
displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page MSTR AQR (or, if such page is not available, its equivalent successor page) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the
scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such VWAP Trading Day (or, if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of Class A Common Stock on such VWAP Trading Day, determined, using a
volume-weighted average price method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers). The Daily VWAP will be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any
other trading outside of the regular trading session. 

De-Legending Deadline
Date means, with respect to any Note, the fifteenth (15th) day after the Free Trade Date of such Note; provided, however, that if the De-Legending Deadline Date determined as aforesaid
would be after an Interest Record Date and before the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately after the next Interest Payment Date, then the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note will instead be the fifth
(5th) Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date. 

Default means any event that is (or, after notice,
passage of time or both, would be) an Event of Default. 

Default Settlement Method means Physical Settlement;
provided, however, that (x) subject to Section 5.03(A)(iii), the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method by sending notice of the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders,
the Trustee and the Conversion Agent; and (y) the Default Settlement Method will be subject to Section 5.03(A)(ii). 

Depositary means The Depository Trust Company or its successor. 

Depositary Participant means any member of, or participant in, the Depositary. 

Depositary Procedures means, with respect to any Conversion, transfer, exchange or other transaction involving a Global
Note or any beneficial interest therein, the rules and procedures of the Depositary applicable to such Conversion, transfer, exchange or transaction. 

Ex-Dividend Date means, with respect to an issuance, dividend or distribution on
the Class A Common Stock, the first date on which shares of Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such issuance, dividend or distribution (including
pursuant to due bills or similar arrangements required by the relevant stock exchange). For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of the Class A Common Stock under a separate
ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. 

- 3 - 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exempted Fundamental Change means any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with
Section 4.02(I), the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes. 

Free Trade Date means,
with respect to any Note, the date that is one (1) year after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note. 

Freely
Tradable means, with respect to any Note, that such Note would be eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise if held by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Company, and that has not been an
Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or notice under the Securities Act (except that, during the six
(6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six (6) months after the Last Original Issue Date of such Note, any such requirement as to the availability of current public information will be disregarded if the same is
satisfied at that time); provided, however, that from and after the Free Trade Date of such Note, such Note will not be Freely Tradable unless such Note (x) is not identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN
number; and (y) is not represented by any certificate that bears the Restricted Note Legend. For the avoidance of doubt, whether a Note is deemed to be identified by a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number or to bear the Restricted Note
Legend is subject to Section 2.12. 

Fundamental Change means any of the following events:

(A) either (i) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other
than (w) the Company; (x) its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; (y) any employee benefit plans of the Company or its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (z) any Permitted Party), files any report with the SEC indicating that such person or
group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (as defined below) of shares of the Companys common equity representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Companys common equity; or
(ii) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than (w) the Company; (x) its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (y) any employee benefit plans of the Company or
its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries), files any report with the SEC indicating that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner (as defined below) of shares of the Companys Class A Common Stock
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of all of the Companys Class A Common Stock, provided that, solely for purposes of this clause (ii), none of the following will constitute beneficial ownership
of the Companys Class A Common Stock: (x) beneficial ownership of the Companys Class B Common Stock; and (y) beneficial ownership by any Permitted Party of any of the Companys Class A Common Stock issued
upon conversion of the Companys Class B Common Stock; 

- 4 - 

(B) the consummation of (i) any sale, lease or other transfer, in one transaction or a
series of transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person, other than solely to one or more of the Companys Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; or (ii) any transaction or
series of related transactions in connection with which (whether by means of merger, consolidation, share exchange, combination, reclassification, recapitalization, acquisition, liquidation or otherwise) all of the Class A Common Stock is
exchanged for, converted into, acquired for, or constitutes solely the right to receive, other securities, cash or other property; provided, however, that any merger, consolidation, share exchange or combination of the Company pursuant
to which the Persons that directly or indirectly beneficially owned (as defined below) all classes of the Companys common equity immediately before such transaction directly or indirectly beneficially own, immediately
after such transaction, more than fifty percent (50%) of all classes of common equity of the surviving, continuing or acquiring company or other transferee, as applicable, or the parent thereof, in substantially the same proportions vis--vis each other as immediately before such transaction will be deemed not to be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (B); 

(C) the Companys stockholders approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

(D) the Class A Common Stock ceases to be listed on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global
Select Market (or any of their respective successors); 

provided, however, that a transaction or event described in clause
(A) or (B) above will not constitute a Fundamental Change if at least ninety percent (90%) of the consideration received or to be received by the holders of Class A Common Stock (excluding cash payments for fractional shares or
pursuant to dissenters rights), in connection with such transaction or event, consists of shares of common stock or other corporate common equity interests listed (or depositary receipts representing shares of common stock or other corporate common
equity interests, which depositary receipts are listed) on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or any of their respective successors), or that will be so listed when issued or exchanged in
connection with such transaction or event, and such transaction or event constitutes a Class A Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists of such consideration. 

For the purposes of this definition, (x) any transaction or event described in both clause (A) and in clause (B)(i) or
(ii) above (without regard to the proviso in clause (B)) will be deemed to occur solely pursuant to clause (B) above (subject to such proviso); and (y) whether a Person is a beneficial owner,
whether shares are beneficially owned, and percentage beneficial ownership, will be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date means the date fixed for the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a
Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means a notice (including a notice
substantially in the form of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in Section 4.02(F)(i) and
Section 4.02(F)(ii). 

- 5 - 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price means the cash price payable by the
Company to repurchase any Note upon its Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, calculated pursuant to Section 4.02(D). 

Global Note means a Note that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee, and deposited with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary. 

Global Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit
B-2. 

Holder means a person in whose name a Note is registered on the
Registrars books. 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Initial Purchasers means the several initial purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement. 

Interest Payment Date means, with respect to a Note, each March 1 and September 1 of each year. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Maturity Date is an Interest Payment Date. 

Interest Record Date has the following meaning with respect
to an Interest Payment Date: (A) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on March 1, the immediately preceding February 15; and (B) if such Interest Payment Date occurs on September 1, the immediately preceding August 15. 

Issue Date means February 21, 2025. 

Last Original Issue Date means (A) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including any
Notes issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option by the Initial Purchasers), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the last date any Notes are originally
issued pursuant to the exercise of the Shoe Option; and (B) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.03(B), and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the later
of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes to purchase
additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes. 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Class A Common Stock for any Trading Day means the closing sale price per share (or,
if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the last bid price and the last ask price per share or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average last bid prices and the average last ask prices per share) of Class A
Common Stock on such Trading Day as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or 

- 6 - 

regional securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed. If the Class A Common Stock is not listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on such
Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the last quoted bid price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day in the over-the-counter
market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Class A Common Stock is not so quoted on such Trading Day, then the Last Reported Sale Price will be the mid-point of the
last bid price and the last ask price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day from a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm selected by the Company, which may be any of the Initial Purchasers. Neither the
Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to determine the Last Reported Sale Price. 

Make-Whole Fundamental
Change means (A) a Fundamental Change (determined after giving effect to the proviso immediately after clause (D) of the definition thereof, but without regard to the proviso to clause (B)(ii) of such definition);
or (B) the sending of a Redemption Notice pursuant to Section 4.04(F); provided, however, that, subject to Section 4.04(I), the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a
Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice and not with respect to any other Notes. 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period has the following meaning: 

(A) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the period from, and
including, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change to, and including, the thirty fifth (35th) Trading Day after such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date (or, if such Make-Whole Fundamental
Change also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); and 

(B) in the case of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the period from, and
including, the Redemption Notice Date for the related Redemption to, and including, the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date; 

provided, however, that if the Conversion Date for the Conversion of a Note that has been called for Redemption occurs during the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change Conversion Period for both a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition of Make-Whole Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change resulting from such
Redemption pursuant to clause (B) of such definition, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.07, solely for purposes of such Conversion, (x) such Conversion Date will be deemed to occur
solely during the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period for the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the earlier Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date; and (y) the Make-Whole Fundamental Change with the later Make-Whole
Fundamental Change Effective Date will be deemed not to have occurred. 

- 7 - 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date means (A) with respect
to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof, the date on which such Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective; and (B) with respect to a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant
to clause (B) of the definition thereof, the applicable Redemption Notice Date. 

Market Disruption Event
means, with respect to any date, the occurrence or existence, during the one-half hour period ending at the scheduled close of trading on such date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities
exchange or other market on which the Class A Common Stock is listed for trading or trades, of any material suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or
otherwise) in the Class A Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Class A Common Stock. 

Maturity Date means March 1, 2030. 

Non-Affiliate Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit B-3. 

Note Agent means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion
Agent. 

Notes means the 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 issued by the Company pursuant to this Indenture. 

Observation Period means, with respect to any Note to be Converted, (A) subject to clause (B) below, if
the Conversion Date for such Note occurs on or before December 3, 2029, the twenty (20) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the second (2nd) VWAP Trading Day immediately after such Conversion Date; (B) if such
Conversion Date occurs on or after the date the Company has sent a Redemption Notice calling all or any Notes for Redemption pursuant to Section 4.04(F) and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before the related
Redemption Date, the twenty (20) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the twenty first (21st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Date; and (C) subject to clause (B) above, if such
Conversion Date occurs after December 3, 2029, the twenty (20) consecutive VWAP Trading Days beginning on, and including, the twenty first (21st) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date. 

Officer means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Operating
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, the Secretary or any Vice-President of the Company. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate that is signed on behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers and
that meets the requirements of Section 11.03. 

Open of Business means 9:00 a.m., New York
City time. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion, from legal counsel (including an employee of, or counsel to, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries) reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, that meets the requirements of Section 11.03, subject to customary qualifications and exclusions. 

- 8 - 

Optional Repurchase means the repurchase of any Note by the Company
pursuant to Section 4.03. 

Optional Repurchase Notice means a notice (including a notice
substantially in the form of the Optional Repurchase Notice set forth in Exhibit A) containing the information, or otherwise complying with the requirements, set forth in Section 4.03(E)(i) and
Section 4.03(E)(ii). 

Optional Repurchase Price means the cash price payable by the Company
to repurchase any Note upon an Optional Repurchase, calculated pursuant to Section 4.03(C). 

Permitted
Party means any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) that consists of, or includes, Michael J. Saylor, the heirs of Michael J. Saylor, or any Affiliates of Michael J.
Saylor or the heirs of Michael J. Saylor. 

Person or person means any individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or other agency or political subdivision thereof. Any division or series of a limited liability company,
limited partnership or trust will constitute a separate person under this Indenture. 

Physical Note means a
Note (other than a Global Note) that is represented by a certificate substantially in the form set forth in ExhibitA, registered in the name of the Holder of such Note and duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee.

Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2025, between the Company and Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the Initial Purchasers. 

Qualified Successor Entity means, with
respect to a Business Combination Event, a corporation; provided, however, that a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity will also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business
Combination Event if either (A) such Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental Change; or (B) both of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) either (x) such limited liability company, limited partnership or other
similar entity, as applicable, is treated as a corporation or is a direct or indirect, Wholly Owned Subsidiary of, and disregarded as an entity separate from, a corporation, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or (y) the Company
has received an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that such Business Combination Event will not be treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for Holders or beneficial
owners of the Notes; and (ii) such Business Combination Event constitutes a Class A Common Stock Change Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any combination of cash in U.S. dollars and shares of common stock or other corporate
common equity interests of an entity that is (x) treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (y) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia;
and (z) a direct or indirect parent of such limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity. 

- 9 - 

Redemption means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.04. 

Redemption Date means the date fixed, pursuant to
Section 4.04(D), for the settlement of the repurchase of any Notes by the Company pursuant to a Redemption. 

Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to a Redemption, the date on which the Company sends the Redemption Notice for
such Redemption pursuant to Section 4.04(F). 

Redemption Price means the cash price payable
by the Company to redeem any Note upon its Redemption, calculated pursuant to Section 4.04(E). 

Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change means the repurchase of any Note by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.02. 

Responsible Officer means (A) any officer within the corporate trust
group of the Trustee (or any successor group of the Trustee) or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of such officers; and (B) with respect to a particular corporate trust matter
relating to this Indenture, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of, and familiarity with, the particular subject, and who, in each case, has direct responsibility for the administration of this
Indenture. 

Restricted Note Legend means a legend substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B-1. 

Restricted Stock Legend means, with respect to any Conversion Share, a
legend substantially to the effect that the offer and sale of such Conversion Share have not been registered under the Securities Act and that such Conversion Share cannot be sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to a transaction that is
registered under the Securities Act or that is exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended from time to
time. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor rule thereto), as the same may be amended
from time to time. 

Scheduled Trading Day means any day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S.
national or regional securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or, if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the
Class A Common Stock is then traded. If the Class A Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day. 

- 10 - 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Security means any Note or Conversion Share. 

Settlement Method means Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement. 

Shoe Option means the Initial Purchasers option to purchase up to three hundred million dollars ($300,000,000)
aggregate principal amount of additional Notes as provided for in the Purchase Agreement. 

Significant Subsidiary
means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person that constitutes a significant subsidiary (as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X
under the Exchange Act) of such Person; provided, however, that, if a Subsidiary meets the criteria of clause (1)(iii), but not clause (1)(i) or (1)(ii), of the definition of significant subsidiary in Rule 1-02(w) (or, if applicable, the respective successor clauses to the aforementioned clauses), then such Subsidiary will be deemed not to be a Significant Subsidiary unless such Subsidiarys income from
continuing operations before income taxes, exclusive of amounts attributable to any non-controlling interests, for the last completed fiscal year before the date of determination exceeds fifty million dollars
($50,000,000). 

Special Interest means any interest that accrues on any Note pursuant to
Section 7.03. 

Specified Dollar Amount means, with respect to the Conversion of a Note to
which Combination Settlement applies, the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of such Note deliverable upon such Conversion (excluding cash in lieu of any fractional share of Class A Common Stock). 

Stock Price has the following meaning for any Make-Whole Fundamental Change: (A) if the holders of Class A Common
Stock receive only cash in consideration for their shares of Class A Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change and such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is pursuant to clause (B) of the definition of Fundamental
Change, then the Stock Price is the amount of cash paid per share of Class A Common Stock in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change; and (B) in all other cases, the Stock Price is the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of
Class A Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, (A) any corporation, association or other business entity (other than a
partnership or limited liability company) of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency, but after giving effect to any voting agreement or
stockholders agreement that effectively transfers voting power) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees, as applicable, of such corporation, association or other business entity is owned or

- 11 - 

controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person; and (B) any partnership or limited liability company where (i) more than
fifty percent (50%) of the capital accounts, distribution rights, equity and voting interests, or of the general and limited partnership interests, as applicable, of such partnership or limited liability company are owned or controlled, directly or
indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person, whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or limited liability company interests or otherwise; and (ii) such Person or any one
or more of the other Subsidiaries of such Person is a controlling general partner of, or otherwise controls, such partnership or limited liability company. 

Trading Day means any day on which (A) trading in the Class A Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S.
national or regional securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or, if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the
Class A Common Stock is then traded; and (B) there is no Market Disruption Event. If the Class A Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Trading Price of the Notes on any Trading Day means the average of the secondary market bid quotations, expressed as a cash
amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for one million dollars ($1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time,
on such Trading Day from three (3) nationally recognized independent securities dealers selected by the Company, which may include any of the Initial Purchasers; provided, however, that, if three (3) such bids cannot
reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two (2) such bids are obtained, then the average of the two (2) bids will be used, and if only one (1) such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, then
that one (1) bid will be used. If, on any Trading Day, (A) the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one (1) bid for one million dollars ($1,000,000) (or such lesser amount as may then be outstanding) in principal
amount of Notes from a nationally recognized independent securities dealer; (B) the Company is not acting as the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to obtain bids when required; or (C) the
Bid Solicitation Agent fails to solicit bids when required, then, in each case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such Trading Day will be deemed to be less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported
Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. 

Transfer-Restricted Security means any Security that constitutes a restricted security (as defined in Rule
144); provided, however, that such Security will cease to be a Transfer-Restricted Security upon the earliest to occur of the following events: 

(A) such Security is sold or otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to a
registration statement that was effective under the Securities Act at the time of such sale or transfer; 

(B) such Security is sold or
otherwise transferred to a Person (other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) pursuant to an available exemption (including Rule 144) from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of, or in a transaction not subject to, the
Securities Act and, immediately after such sale or transfer, such Security ceases to constitute a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144); and 

- 12 - 

(C) such Security is eligible for resale, by a Person that is not an Affiliate of the
Company and that has not been an Affiliate of the Company during the immediately preceding three (3) months, pursuant to Rule 144 without any limitations thereunder as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current public information or
notice. 

The Trustee is under no obligation to determine whether any Security is a Transfer-Restricted Security and may conclusively rely
on an Officers Certificate with respect thereto. 

Trust Indenture Act means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939,
as amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as such in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor replaces
it in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and, thereafter, means such successor. 

VWAP Market Disruption
Event means, with respect to any date, (A) the failure by the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed, or, if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed on a
U.S. national or regional securities exchange, the principal other market on which the Class A Common Stock is then traded, to open for trading during its regular trading session on such date; or (B) the occurrence or existence, for more
than one half hour period in the aggregate, of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant exchange or otherwise) in the Class A Common Stock or in any options
contracts or futures contracts relating to the Class A Common Stock, and such suspension or limitation occurs or exists at any time before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such date. 

VWAP Trading Day means a day on which (A) there is no VWAP Market Disruption Event; and (B) trading in the
Class A Common Stock generally occurs on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is then listed or, if the Class A Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional
securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Class A Common Stock is then traded. If the Class A Common Stock is not so listed or traded, then VWAP Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Person means any Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other
ownership interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares) are owned by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

- 13 - 

Section 1.02. OTHER DEFINITIONS. 

Term 

Defined in

Section

Additional Shares 5.07(A)

Business Combination Event 6.01(A)

Cash Settlement 5.03(A)

Class A Common Stock Change Event 5.09(A)

Combination Settlement 5.03(A)

Conversion Agent 2.06(A)

Conversion Consideration 5.03(B)

Default Interest 2.05(B)

Defaulted Amount 2.05(B)

Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i)

Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request 3.04(C)(i)

Event of Default 7.01(A)

Expiration Date 5.05(A)(v)

Expiration Time 5.05(A)(v)

Fundamental Change Notice 4.02(E)

Fundamental Change Repurchase Right 4.02(A)

Initial Notes 2.03(A)

Measurement Period 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest 3.04(C)(i)

Optional Repurchase Date 4.03(A)

Optional Repurchase Date Notice 4.03(D)

Optional Repurchase Right 4.03(A)

Paying Agent 2.06(A)

Physical Settlement 5.03(A)

Redemption Notice 4.04(F)

Reference Property 5.09(A)

Reference Property Unit 5.09(A)

Register 2.06(B)

Registrar 2.06(A)

Reporting Event of Default 7.03(A)

Specified Courts 11.07

Spin-Off 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Spin-Off Valuation Period 5.05(A)(iii)(2)

Successor Entity 6.01(A)

Successor Person 5.09(A)

Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period 5.05(A)(v)

Trading Price Condition 5.01(C)(i)(2)

Section 1.03. RULESOF CONSTRUCTION. 

For purposes of this Indenture: 

(A) or is not exclusive; 

(B) including means including without limitation; 

(C) will expresses a command; 

(D) the average of a set of numerical values refers to the arithmetic average of such numerical values; 

- 14 - 

(E) a merger involving, or a transfer of assets by, a limited liability company, limited
partnership or trust will be deemed to include any division of or by, or an allocation of assets to a series of, such limited liability company, limited partnership or trust, or any unwinding of any such division or allocation; 

(F) words in the singular include the plural and in the plural include the singular, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(G) herein, hereof and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular
Article, Section or other subdivision of this Indenture, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(H) references to currency mean the
lawful currency of the United States of America, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(I) the exhibits, schedules and other attachments
to this Indenture are deemed to form part of this Indenture; and 

(J) the term interest, when used with respect to a
Note, means any Special Interest, Additional Interest or Default Interest, in each case to the extent the same is payable on such Note, unless the context requires otherwise. 

Article 2. THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. FORM, DATINGAND DENOMINATIONS. 

The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication will be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A. The Notes will
bear the legends required by Section 2.09 and may bear notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rule or usage or the Depositary. Each Note will be dated as of the date of its authentication. 

Except to the extent otherwise provided in a Company Order delivered to the Trustee in connection with the issuance and authentication
thereof, the Notes will be issued initially in the form of one or more Global Notes. Global Notes may be exchanged for Physical Notes, and Physical Notes may be exchanged for Global Notes, only as provided in Section 2.10.

The Notes will be issuable only in registered form without interest coupons and only in Authorized Denominations. 

Each certificate representing a Note will bear a unique registration number that is not affixed to any other certificate representing another
outstanding Note. 

The terms contained in the Notes constitute part of this Indenture, and, to the extent applicable, the Company and the
Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, agree to such terms and to be bound thereby; provided, however, that, to the extent that any provision of any Note conflicts with the provisions of this Indenture, the
provisions of this Indenture will control for purposes of this Indenture and such Note. 

- 15 - 

Section 2.02. EXECUTION, AUTHENTICATIONAND
DELIVERY. 

(A) Due Execution by the Company. At least one (1) duly authorized Officer will sign the Notes on
behalf of the Company by manual, electronic or facsimile signature. A Notes validity will not be affected by the failure of any Officer whose signature is on any Note to hold, at the time such Note is authenticated, the same or any other
office at the Company. 

(B) Authentication by the Trustee and Delivery. 

(i) No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly authenticated only when an
authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

(ii) The Trustee will cause an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) to manually sign
the certificate of authentication of a Note only if (1) the Company delivers such Note to the Trustee; (2) such Note is executed by the Company in accordance with Section 2.02(A); and (3) the Company delivers
a Company Order to the Trustee that (a) requests the Trustee to authenticate such Note; and (b) sets forth the name of the Holder of such Note and the date as of which such Note is to be authenticated. If such Company Order also requests
the Trustee to deliver such Note to any Holder or to the Depositary, then the Trustee will promptly deliver such Note in accordance with such Company Order. 

(iii) The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Notes. A duly appointed
authenticating agent may authenticate Notes whenever the Trustee may do so under this Indenture, and a Note authenticated as provided in this Indenture by such an agent will be deemed, for purposes of this Indenture, to be authenticated by the
Trustee. Each duly appointed authenticating agent will have the same rights to deal with the Company as the Trustee would have if it were performing the duties that the authenticating agent was validly appointed to undertake. 

Section 2.03. INITIAL NOTESAND ADDITIONAL NOTES. 

(A) Initial Notes. On the Issue Date, there will be originally issued two billion dollars ($2,000,000,000) aggregate principal amount of
Notes, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). If the Initial Purchasers exercise the Shoe Option, then there will be originally issued up to an additional three hundred million dollars
($300,000,000) principal amount of Notes pursuant to such exercise, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including Section 2.02). Notes issued pursuant to this Section 2.03(A), and any
Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, are referred to in this Indenture as the Initial Notes. 

(B) Additional Notes. Without the consent of any Holder, the Company may, subject to the provisions of this Indenture (including
Section 2.02), originally issue additional Notes with the same terms as the Initial Notes (except, to the extent applicable, with respect to the date on which Special Interest or Additional Interest begins to accrue on such
additional Notes and 

- 16 - 

the Last Original Issue Date of such additional Notes), which additional Notes will, subject to the foregoing, be considered to be part of the same series of, and rank equally and ratably with
all other, Notes issued under this Indenture; provided, however, that if any such additional Notes (and any Notes that are resold after such Notes have been purchased or otherwise acquired by the Company or its Subsidiaries) are not
fungible with other Notes issued under this Indenture for purposes of federal income tax or federal securities laws or, if applicable, the Depositary Procedures, then such additional or resold Notes will be identified by a separate CUSIP number or
by no CUSIP number. 

Section 2.04. METHODOF PAYMENT. 

(A) Global Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity Date,
Redemption on a Redemption Date, Optional Repurchase on the Optional Repurchase Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, Special Interest, if any, or Additional Interest, if any, on, and any cash Conversion
Consideration for, any Global Note to the Depositary by wire transfer of immediately available funds no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture. 

(B) Physical Notes. The Company will pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, the principal (whether due upon maturity on the Maturity
Date, Redemption on a Redemption Date, Optional Repurchase on the Optional Repurchase Date or repurchase on a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date or otherwise) of, Special Interest, if any, or Additional Interest, if any, and any cash Conversion
Consideration for, any Physical Note no later than the time the same is due as provided in this Indenture as follows: (i) if the principal amount of such Physical Note is at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) (or such lower amount as the
Company may choose in its sole and absolute discretion) and the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment has delivered to the Paying Agent or the Trustee, no later than the time set forth in the immediately following sentence, a written
request that the Company make such payment by wire transfer to an account of such Holder within the United States, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account; and (ii) in all other cases, by check mailed to the address of
the Holder of such Physical Note entitled to such payment as set forth in the Register. To be timely, such written request must be so delivered no later than the Close of Business on the following date: (x) with respect to the payment of any
Special Interest or Additional Interest, if any, due on an Interest Payment Date, the immediately preceding Interest Record Date; (y) with respect to any cash Conversion Consideration, the relevant Conversion Date; and (z) with respect to
any other payment, the date that is fifteen (15) calendar days immediately before the date such payment is due. 

Section 2.05. No
REGULAR INTEREST; ACCRUALAND PAYMENTOF SPECIAL INTERESTAND ADDITIONAL INTEREST;
DEFAULTED AMOUNTS; WHEN PAYMENT DATEIS NOTA BUSINESS DAY. 

(A) No Regular Interest; Accrual and Payment of Special Interest and Additional Interest. The Notes will not bear regular interest, and
the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete; provided, however, that Special Interest and Additional Interest will accrue on the Notes to the extent, and only to the extent, provided in Sections 3.04 and 7.03, respectively. The
amount of any such Special Interest or Additional Interest that is payable on any applicable 

- 17 - 

Interest Payment Date will be the amount of unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, that has accrued from, and including, the last date as of which such interest has been
paid or duly provided for (or, if later, the date as of which such interest has begun to accrue, as provided in Section 3.04 and 7.03, as applicable) to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date (or, if earlier, the
date as of which such interest has ceased to accrue, as provided in Section 3.04 and 7.03, as applicable). If any Special Interest or Additional Interest has accrued on any Note, then such interest will be payable in
arrears on the next Interest Payment Date to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Interest Record Date. Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. 

(B)
Defaulted Amounts. If the Company fails to pay any amount (a Defaulted Amount) payable on a Note on or before the due date therefor as provided in this Indenture, then, regardless of whether such failure constitutes an
Event of Default, (i) such Defaulted Amount will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder of such Note otherwise entitled to such payment; (ii) to the extent lawful, interest (Default Interest) will accrue on such
Defaulted Amount for each day, if any, during the period from, and including, such due date to, but excluding, the date of payment of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest, which Default Interest will accrue on each such day at the combined
rate at which Special Interest and Additional Interest accrues on such Note on such day (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that no Default Interest will accrue on such Note on any day on which no Special Interest or Additional
Interest accrues on such Note); and (iii) such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid, at the Companys election, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below. 

(i) Payment of Default Amounts on a Special Payment Date. The Company will have the right to pay such Defaulted Amount
and Default Interest on a payment date selected by the Company to the Holder of such Note as of the Close of Business on a special record date selected by the Company, provided that (1) such special record date is no more than fifteen
(15), nor less than ten (10), calendar days before such payment date; and (2) at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such special record date, the Company sends notice to the Trustee and the Holders that states such special record
date, such payment date and the amount of such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest to be paid on such payment date. 

(ii)
Payment of Default Amount in Any Other Lawful Manner. If not paid in accordance with Section 2.05(B)(i), such Defaulted Amount and Default Interest will be paid by the Company in any other lawful manner not
inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if,
after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this Section 2.05(B)(ii), such manner of payment will be deemed practicable by the Trustee. 

(C) Delay of Payment When Payment Date Is Not a Business Day. If the due date for a payment on a Note as provided in this Indenture is
not a Business Day, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, such payment may be made on the immediately following Business Day with the same force and effect as if such payment were

- 18 - 

made on such due date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest will accrue on such payment as a result of the related delay). Solely for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a day
on which the applicable place of payment is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed will be deemed not to be a Business Day. 

(D) Special Provision for Global Notes. If the first date on which any Special Interest or Additional Interest begins to accrue on a
Global Note is on or after the fifth (5th) Business Day before an Interest Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the amount thereof accruing in respect
of the period from, and including, such first date to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be due on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding such corresponding Interest Payment Date. 

Section 2.06. REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENTAND CONVERSION AGENT.

(A) Generally. The Company will maintain (i) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be
presented for registration of transfer or for exchange (the Registrar); (ii) an office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent); and (iii) an
office or agency in the continental United States where Notes may be presented for Conversion (the Conversion Agent). If the Company fails to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then the Trustee will act as
such and will receive compensation therefor in accordance with this Indenture and any other agreement between the Trustee and the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may act as Registrar, Paying Agent or
Conversion Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.06(A), each of the Registrar, Paying Agent and Conversion Agent with respect to any Global Note must at all times be a Person that is eligible to
act in that capacity under the Depositary Procedures. 

(B) Duties of the Registrar. The Registrar will keep a record (the
Register) of the names and addresses of the Holders, the Notes held by each Holder and the transfer, exchange, repurchase, Redemption and Conversion of Notes. Absent manifest error, the entries in the Register will be conclusive
and the Company and the Trustee may treat each Person whose name is recorded as a Holder in the Register as a Holder for all purposes. The Register will be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form reasonably
promptly. 

(C) Co-Agents; Companys Right to Appoint Successor Registrars, Paying Agents
and Conversion Agents. The Company may appoint one or more co-Registrars,co-Paying Agents and co-Conversion Agents, each of whom will be deemed to be a Registrar,
Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, under this Indenture. Subject to Section 2.06(A), the Company may change any Registrar, Paying Agent or Conversion Agent (including appointing itself or any of its
Subsidiaries to act in such capacity) without notice to any Holder. The Company will notify the Trustee (and, upon request, any Holder) of the name and address of each Note Agent, if any, not a party to this Indenture and will enter into an
appropriate agency agreement with each such Note Agent, which agreement will implement the provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Note Agent. 

- 19 - 

(D) Initial Appointments. The Company appoints the Trustee as, and designates its
corporate trust offices in the continental United States as the office for, the initial Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the initial Conversion Agent. 

Section 2.07. PAYING AGENTAND CONVERSION AGENTTO
HOLD PROPERTYIN TRUST. 

The Company will require each Paying Agent or
Conversion Agent that is not the Trustee to agree in writing that such Note Agent will (A) hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by such Note Agent for payment or delivery due on the Notes;
and (B) notify the Trustee of any default by the Company in making any such payment or delivery. The Company, at any time, may, and the Trustee, while any Default continues, may, require a Paying Agent or Conversion Agent to pay or deliver, as
applicable, all money and other property held by it to the Trustee, after which payment or delivery, as applicable, such Note Agent (if not the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) will have no further liability for such money or property. If the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries acts as Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, then (A) it will segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders or the Trustee all money and other property held by it as Paying Agent or
Conversion Agent; and (B) references in this Indenture or the Notes to the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent holding cash or other property, or to the delivery of cash or other property to the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, in each case for
payment or delivery to any Holders or the Trustee or with respect to the Notes, will be deemed to refer to cash or other property so segregated and held separately, or to the segregation and separate holding of such cash or other property,
respectively. Upon the occurrence of any event pursuant to clause(viii) or (ix) of Section 7.01(A) with respect to the Company (or with respect to any Subsidiary of the Company acting as Paying
Agent or Conversion Agent), the Trustee will serve as the Paying Agent or Conversion Agent, as applicable, for the Notes. 

Section 2.08.
HOLDER LISTS. 

If the Trustee is not the Registrar, then the Company will furnish to the Trustee, no
later than seven (7) Business Days before each Interest Payment Date in respect of which any Special Interest or Additional Interest is payable, and at such other times as the Trustee may request, a list, in such form and as of such date or
time as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders. 

Section 2.09. LEGENDS. 

(A) Global Note Legend. Each Global Note will bear the Global Note Legend (or any similar legend, not inconsistent with this Indenture,
required by the Depositary for such Global Note). 

(B) Non-Affiliate Legend. Each Note will
bear the Non-Affiliate Legend. 

(C) Restricted Note Legend. Subject to
Section 2.12, 

(i) each Note that is a Transfer-Restricted Security will bear the Restricted Note
Legend; and 

- 20 - 

(ii) if a Note is issued in exchange for, in substitution of, or to effect a
partial Conversion of, another Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.09(C)(ii)), including pursuant to Section 2.10(B), 2.10(C),
2.11 or 2.13, then such Note will bear the Restricted Note Legend if such old Note bore the Restricted Note Legend at the time of such exchange or substitution, or on the related Conversion Date with respect to such Conversion, as
applicable; provided, however, that such Note need not bear the Restricted Note Legend if such Note does not constitute a Transfer-Restricted Security immediately after such exchange or substitution, or as of such Conversion Date, as
applicable. 

(D) Other Legends. A Note may bear any other legend or text, not inconsistent with this Indenture, as may be required
by applicable law or by any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which such Note is traded or quoted. 

(E)
Acknowledgment and Agreement by the Holders. A Holders acceptance of any Note bearing any legend required by this Section 2.09 will constitute such Holders acknowledgment of, and agreement to comply with,
the restrictions set forth in such legend. 

(F) Restricted Stock Legend. 

(i) Each Conversion Share will bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the Note upon the Conversion of which such Conversion Share
was issued was (or would have been had it not been Converted) a Transfer-Restricted Security at the time such Conversion Share was issued; provided, however, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend if the
Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Conversion Share need not bear the Restricted Stock Legend. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.09(F), a Conversion Share need not
bear a Restricted Stock Legend if such Conversion Share is issued in an uncertificated form that does not permit affixing legends thereto, provided the Company takes measures (including the assignment thereto of a restricted CUSIP
number) that it reasonably deems appropriate to enforce the transfer restrictions referred to in the Restricted Stock Legend. 

Section 2.10.
TRANSFERSAND EXCHANGES; CERTAIN TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 

(A) Provisions Applicable to All Transfers and Exchanges. 

(i) Generally. Subject to this Section 2.10, Physical Notes and beneficial interests in Global
Notes may be transferred or exchanged from time to time and the Registrar will record each such transfer or exchange in the Register. 

(ii) Transferred and Exchanged Notes Remain Valid Obligations of the Company. Each Note issued upon transfer or exchange
of any other Note (such other Note being referred to as the old Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(A)(ii)) or portion thereof in accordance with this Indenture will be the valid obligation of the Company,
evidencing the same indebtedness, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as such old Note or portion thereof, as applicable. 

- 21 - 

(iii) No Services Charge; Transfer Taxes. The Company, the Trustee
and the Note Agents will not impose any service charge on any Holder for any transfer, exchange or Conversion of Notes, but the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Conversion Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any
transfer tax or similar governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, exchange or Conversion of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.17 or 8.05 not involving any
transfer. 

(iv) Transfers and Exchanges Must Be in Authorized Denominations. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, a Note may not be transferred or exchanged in part unless the portion to be so transferred or exchanged is in an Authorized Denomination. 

(v) Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee will have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to
compliance with any transfer restrictions imposed under this Indenture or applicable law with respect to any Security, other than to require the delivery of such certificates or other documentation or evidence as expressly required by this Indenture
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the requirements of this Indenture. 

(vi)
Legends. Each Note issued upon transfer of, or in exchange for, another Note will bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(vii) Settlement of Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a
transfer or exchange of any Note, the Company will cause such transfer or exchange to be effected as soon as reasonably practicable but in no event later than the second (2nd) Business Day after the date of such satisfaction. 

(viii) Interpretation. For the avoidance of doubt, and subject to the terms of this Indenture, as used in this
Section 2.10, an exchange of a Global Note or a Physical Note includes (x) an exchange effected for the sole purpose of removing any Restricted Note Legend affixed to such Global Note or Physical Note; and
(y) if such Global Note or Physical Note is identified by a restricted CUSIP number, an exchange effected for the sole purpose of causing such Global Note or Physical Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP
number. 

(B) Transfers and Exchanges of Global Notes.

(i) Certain Restrictions. Subject to the immediately following sentence, no Global Note may be transferred or exchanged
in whole except (x) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary; (y) by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary; or (z) by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary
or a nominee of such successor Depositary. No Global Note (or any portion thereof) may be transferred to, or exchanged for, a Physical Note; provided, however, that a Global Note will be exchanged, pursuant to customary procedures, for
one or more Physical Notes if: 

- 22 - 

(1) (x) the Depositary notifies the Company or the Trustee that the
Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for such Global Note or (y) the Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act and, in each case, the Company fails to
appoint a successor Depositary within ninety (90) days of such notice or cessation; 

(2) an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing and the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar has received a written request from the Depositary, or from a holder of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, to exchange such Global Note or beneficial interest, as
applicable, for one or more Physical Notes; or 

(3) the Company, in its sole discretion, permits the exchange of any
beneficial interest in such Global Note for one or more Physical Notes at the request of the owner of such beneficial interest. 

(ii) Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon satisfaction of the requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or
exchange of any Global Note (or any portion thereof): 

(1) the Trustee will reflect any resulting decrease of the principal
amount of such Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if such notation results in such Global Note having a principal amount of zero, then the Company
may (but is not required to) instruct the Trustee to cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.15); 

(2) if required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Trustee will reflect any resulting increase of the principal
amount of any other Global Note by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of such other Global Note; 

(3) if required to effect such transfer or exchange, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will
authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Global Note bearing each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(4) if such Global Note (or such portion thereof), or any beneficial interest therein, is to be exchanged for one or more
Physical Notes, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and
have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in such name(s) as the Depositary specifies (or as otherwise determined pursuant to customary procedures); and
(z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

- 23 - 

(iii) Compliance with Depositary Procedures. Each transfer or
exchange of a beneficial interest in any Global Note will be made in accordance with the Depositary Procedures. 

(C) Transfers and
Exchanges of Physical Notes.

(i) Requirements for Transfers and Exchanges. Subject to this
Section 2.10, a Holder of a Physical Note may (x) transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) to one or more other Person(s); (y) exchange such Physical Note (or any portion
thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for one or more other Physical Notes in Authorized Denominations having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Physical Note (or portion thereof) to be so exchanged; and
(z) if then permitted by the Depositary Procedures, transfer such Physical Note (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) in exchange for a beneficial interest in one or more Global Notes; provided, however, that, to
effect any such transfer or exchange, such Holder must: 

(1) surrender such Physical Note to be transferred or exchanged to
the office of the Registrar, together with any endorsements or transfer instruments reasonably required by the Company, the Trustee or the Registrar; and 

(2) deliver such certificates, documentation or evidence as may be required pursuant to
Section 2.10(D). 

(ii) Effecting Transfers and Exchanges. Upon the satisfaction of the
requirements of this Indenture to effect a transfer or exchange of any Physical Note (such Physical Note being referred to as the old Physical Note for purposes of this Section 2.10(C)(ii)) of a Holder (or any
portion of such old Physical Note in an Authorized Denomination): 

(1) such old Physical Note will be promptly cancelled
pursuant to Section 2.15; 

(2) if such old Physical Note is to be so transferred or exchanged
only in part, then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and
have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such old Physical Note not to be so transferred or exchanged; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by
Section 2.09; 

(3) in the case of a transfer: 

(a) to the Depositary or a nominee thereof that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to
be so transferred in the form of one or more Global Notes, the Trustee will reflect an increase of the principal amount of one or more existing Global Notes by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming
part of such Global Note(s), which increase(s) are in Authorized Denominations and aggregate to the principal amount to be 

- 24 - 

so transferred, and which Global Note(s) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; provided, however, that if such transfer cannot be so effected
by notation on one or more existing Global Notes (whether because no Global Notes bearing each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09 then exist, because any such increase will result in any Global Note having an
aggregate principal amount exceeding the maximum aggregate principal amount permitted by the Depositary or otherwise), then the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with
Section 2.02, one or more Global Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount that is to be so transferred but that is not effected by notation as
provided above; and (y) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(b) to a
transferee that will hold its interest in such old Physical Note (or such portion thereof) to be so transferred in the form of one or more Physical Notes, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case
in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so transferred; (y) are registered in
the name of such transferee; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09; and 

(4) in the case of an exchange, the Company will issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in
accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so exchanged; (y) are registered in the
name of the Person to whom such old Physical Note was registered; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(D) Requirement to Deliver Documentation and Other Evidence. If a Holder of any Note that is identified by a restricted
CUSIP number or that bears a Restricted Note Legend or is a Transfer-Restricted Security requests to: 

(i) cause such Note
to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number; 

(ii) remove such Restricted Note Legend; or 

(iii) register the transfer of such Note to the name of another Person, 

then the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may refuse to effect such identification, removal or transfer, as applicable, unless there is delivered to the
Company, the Trustee and the Registrar such certificates or other documentation or evidence as the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar may reasonably require for the Company to determine that such identification, removal or transfer, as
applicable, complies with the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws; provided, however, that no such certificates, documentation or evidence need be so delivered on or after the Free Trade Date with respect to such Note
unless the Company determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such Note is not eligible to be offered, sold or otherwise transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise without any requirements as to volume, manner of sale, availability of current
public information or notice under the Securities Act. 

- 25 - 

(E) Transfers of Notes Subject to Redemption, Repurchase or Conversion.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company, the Trustee and the Registrar will not be required to register the transfer of or exchange any Note that (i) has been surrendered for Conversion, except to
the extent that any portion of such Note is not subject to Conversion; (ii) is subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or Optional Repurchase Notice validly delivered, and not withdrawn, pursuant to
Section 4.02(F) or 4.03(E), respectively, except to the extent that any portion of such Note is not subject to such notice or the Company fails to pay the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Optional
Repurchase Price, as applicable, when due; or (iii) has been selected for Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Notice, except to the extent that any portion of such Note is not subject to Redemption or the Company fails to pay the applicable
Redemption Price when due. 

Section 2.11. EXCHANGEAND CANCELLATIONOF
NOTESTO BE CONVERTEDORTO BE REPURCHASED PURSUANTTOA REPURCHASE
UPON FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE, OPTIONAL REPURCHASEOR REDEMPTION. 

(A) Partial Conversions of Physical Notes and Partial Repurchases of Physical Notes Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change,Optional Repurchaseor Redemption. If only a portion of a Physical Note of a Holder is to be Converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, Optional Repurchase or Redemption,
then, as soon as reasonably practicable after such Physical Note is surrendered for such Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will cause such Physical Note to be exchanged, pursuant and subject to
Section 2.10(C), for (i) one or more Physical Notes that are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note that is not to be so Converted or
repurchased, as applicable, and deliver such Physical Note(s) to such Holder; and (ii) a Physical Note having a principal amount equal to the principal amount to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable, which Physical Note will be
Converted or repurchased, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of this Indenture; provided, however, that the Physical Note referred to in this clause (ii) need not be issued at any time after which such principal amount
subject to such Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18. 

(B) Cancellation of Notes that Are Converted and Notes that Are Repurchased Pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change,Optional Repurchaseor Redemption. 

(i) Physical Notes. If a Physical Note (or any portion thereof
that has not theretofore been exchanged pursuant to Section 2.11(A)) of a Holder is to be Converted pursuant to Article 5 or repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, Optional Repurchase or
Redemption, then, promptly after the later of the time such Physical Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18 and the time such Physical Note is surrendered for such Conversion or
repurchase, as applicable, (1) such Physical Note will be cancelled pursuant to 

- 26 - 

Section 2.15; and (2) in the case of a partial Conversion or repurchase, as applicable, the Company will issue, execute and deliver to such Holder, and the Trustee will
authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, one or more Physical Notes that (x) are in Authorized Denominations and have an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Physical Note
that is not to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable; (y) are registered in the name of such Holder; and (z) bear each legend, if any, required by Section 2.09. 

(ii) Global Notes. If a Global Note (or any portion thereof) is to be Converted pursuant to Article 5 or
repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, Optional Repurchase or Redemption, then, promptly after the time such Note (or such portion) is deemed to cease to be outstanding pursuant to Section 2.18, the
Trustee will reflect a decrease of the principal amount of such Global Note in an amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Note to be so Converted or repurchased, as applicable, by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests
in the Global Note forming part of such Global Note (and, if the principal amount of such Global Note is zero following such notation, cancel such Global Note pursuant to Section 2.15). 

Section 2.12. REMOVALOF TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 

Without limiting the generality of any other provision of this Indenture (including Section 3.04), the Restricted
Note Legend affixed to any Note will be deemed, pursuant to this Section 2.12 and the footnote to such Restricted Note Legend, to be removed therefrom upon the Companys delivery to the Trustee of notice, signed on
behalf of the Company by one (1) of its Officers, to such effect (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such notice need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel in order to be effective to cause such Restricted
Note Legend to be deemed to be removed from such Note). If such Note bears a restricted CUSIP or ISIN number at the time of such delivery, then, upon such delivery, such Note will be deemed, pursuant to this
Section 2.12 and the footnotes to the CUSIP and ISIN numbers set forth on the face of the certificate representing such Note, to thereafter bear the unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers identified in such
footnotes; provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note and the Depositary thereof requires a mandatory exchange or other procedure to cause such Global Note to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers
in the facilities of such Depositary, then (i) the Company will effect such exchange or procedure as soon as reasonably practicable; and (ii) for purposes of Section 3.04 and the definition of Freely Tradable,
such Global Note will not be deemed to be identified by unrestricted CUSIP and ISIN numbers until such time as such exchange or procedure is effected. 

Section 2.13. REPLACEMENT NOTES. 

If a Holder of any Note claims that such Note has been mutilated, lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, then the Company will issue, execute and
deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a replacement Note upon surrender to the Trustee of such mutilated Note, or upon delivery to the Trustee of evidence of such loss,
destruction or wrongful taking reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Company. No service charge will be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company and/or
the Trustee may require a 

- 27 - 

Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note
being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In addition, in the case of a lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note, the Company and the Trustee may require the Holder thereof to
provide such security or indemnity that is satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee to protect the Company and the Trustee from any loss that any of them may suffer if such Note is replaced. 

Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.13 will be an additional obligation of the Company and will
be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and ratably with all other Notes issued under this Indenture, regardless of whether the related lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken Note is at any time enforceable by any Person. 

Section 2.14. REGISTERED HOLDERS; CERTAIN RIGHTSWITH
RESPECTTO GLOBAL NOTES. 

Except to the extent rights hereunder are
expressly granted to owners of beneficial interest of Notes, only the Holder of a Note will have rights under this Indenture as the owner of such Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Depositary Participants will have no rights as
such under this Indenture with respect to any Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or its nominee, or by the Trustee as its custodian, and the Company, the Trustee and the Note Agents, and their respective agents, may treat the
Depositary as the absolute owner of such Global Note for all purposes whatsoever; provided, however, that (A) the Holder of any Global Note may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Depositary Participants
and Persons that hold interests in Notes through Depositary Participants, to take any action that such Holder is entitled to take with respect to such Global Note under this Indenture or the Notes; and (B) the Company and the Trustee, and their
respective agents, may give effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary. 

Section 2.15.
CANCELLATION. 

The Company may at any time deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar, the Paying
Agent and the Conversion Agent will forward to the Trustee each Note duly surrendered to them for transfer, exchange, payment or Conversion. The Trustee will promptly cancel all Notes so surrendered to it in accordance with its customary procedures.
Without limiting the generality of Section 2.03(B), the Company may not originally issue new Notes to replace Notes that it has paid or that have been cancelled upon transfer, exchange, payment or Conversion. 

Section 2.16. NOTES HELDBYTHE COMPANYORITS AFFILIATES. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.18, in determining
whether the Holders of the required aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Company or any of its Affiliates will be deemed not to be outstanding; provided, however,
that, for purposes of determining whether the Trustee is protected in relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned will be so disregarded. 

- 28 - 

Section 2.17. TEMPORARY NOTES. 

Until definitive Notes are ready for delivery, the Company may issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in
accordance with Section 2.02, temporary Notes. Temporary Notes will be substantially in the form of definitive Notes but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Notes. The Company will
promptly prepare, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. Until so exchanged, each temporary Note will
in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Notes. 

Section 2.18. OUTSTANDING
NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Notes that are outstanding at any time will be deemed to be those Notes that, at such
time, have been duly executed and authenticated, excluding those Notes (or portions thereof) that have theretofore been (i) cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation in accordance with
Section 2.15; (ii) assigned a principal amount of zero by notation on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note forming part of any a Global Note representing such Note; (iii) paid in full
(including upon Conversion) in accordance with this Indenture; or (iv) deemed to cease to be outstanding to the extent provided in, and subject to, clause (B), (C) or (D) of this Section 2.18.

(B) Replaced Notes. If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.13, then such Note will cease to be
outstanding at the time of its replacement, unless the Trustee and the Company receive proof reasonably satisfactory to them that such Note is held by a bona fide purchaser under applicable law. 

(C) Maturing Notes and Notes Called for Redemption or Subject to Repurchase. If, on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date, the Optional Repurchase Date or the Maturity Date, the Paying Agent holds money sufficient to pay the aggregate Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional Repurchase Price or principal amount, respectively, together, in
each case, with the aggregate interest (if any), in each case due on such date, then (unless there occurs a Default in the payment of any such amount) (i) the Notes (or portions thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased, or that mature, on such
date will be deemed, as of such date, to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 4.02(D), 4.04(E) or 5.02(D); and (ii) the rights of the Holders of such Notes (or such portions
thereof), as such, will terminate with respect to such Notes (or such portions thereof), other than the right to receive the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional Repurchase Price or principal amount, as applicable, of, and
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, such Notes (or such portions thereof), in each case as provided in this Indenture. 

(D) Notes
to Be Converted. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for any Note (or any portion thereof) to be Converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration or any
interest due, pursuant to Section 5.03(B) or Section 5.02(D), upon such Conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding, except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D)
or Section 5.08. 

- 29 - 

(E) Cessation of Accrual of Interest. Except as provided in
Section 4.02(D), 4.04(E) or 5.02(D), no Special Interest of Additional Interest will accrue on any Note from and after the date that such Note is deemed, pursuant to this
Section 2.18, to cease to be outstanding, unless there occurs a default in the payment or delivery of any cash or other property due on such Note. 

Section 2.19. REPURCHASESBYTHE COMPANY. 

Without limiting the generality of Section 2.15, the Company may, from time to time, repurchase Notes in open market
purchases or in negotiated transactions without delivering prior notice to Holders. 

Section 2.20. CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. 

Subject to Section 2.12, the Company may use one or more CUSIP or ISIN numbers to identify any of the Notes, and, if
so, the Company and the Trustee will use such CUSIP or ISIN number(s) in notices to Holders; provided, however, that (i) the Trustee makes no representation as to the correctness or accuracy of any such CUSIP or ISIN number; and
(ii) the effectiveness of any such notice will not be affected by any defect in, or omission of, any such CUSIP or ISIN number. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the CUSIP or ISIN number(s) identifying any Notes.

Article 3. COVENANTS 

Section 3.01. PAYMENTON NOTES. 

(A) Generally. The Company will pay or cause to be paid all the principal of, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional
Repurchase Price and Redemption Price for, interest, if any, on, and other amounts due with respect to, the Notes on the dates and in the manner set forth in this Indenture. 

(B) Deposit of Funds. Before 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on each Redemption Date, each Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, and each
Optional Repurchase Date, and on each Interest Payment Date in respect of which any Special Interest or Additional Interest is payable, and on the Maturity Date and each other date on which any cash amount is due on the Notes, the Company will
deposit, or will cause there to be deposited, with the Paying Agent cash, in funds immediately available on such date, sufficient to pay the cash amount due on the applicable Notes on such date. The Paying Agent will return to the Company, as soon
as practicable, any money not required for such purpose. 

Section 3.02. EXCHANGE ACT REPORTS.

(A) Generally. The Company will send to the Trustee copies of all reports that the Company is required to file with the SEC
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than Form 8-K reports) within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date that the Company is required to file the same (after giving
effect to all applicable grace periods under the Exchange Act); provided, however, that the Company need not send to the Trustee any material for which the Company has received, or is seeking in good faith and has not been denied,
confidential treatment by the SEC. Any such report that the Company files with the SEC through the EDGAR 

- 30 - 

system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be sent to the Trustee at the time such report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor). Upon the request of any Holder, the
Trustee will provide to such Holder a copy of any report that the Company has sent the Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.02(A), other than a report that is deemed to be sent to the Trustee pursuant to the preceding
sentence. 

The grace periods referred to in the preceding paragraph with respect to any report will include the maximum period
afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company files, or indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any
successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum period. 

(B)
Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee need not determine whether the Company has filed any material via the EDGAR system (or such successor). The sending or filing of reports pursuant to Section 3.02(A) will not be
deemed to constitute actual or constructive notice to the Trustee of any information contained, or determinable from information contained, therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants under this Indenture. 

Section 3.03. RULE 144A INFORMATION. 

If the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act at any time when any Notes or shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon Conversion of the Notes are outstanding and constitute restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144), then the Company (or its successor) will promptly provide, to the Trustee and, upon written request, to any Holder,
beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or shares, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Section 3.04. ADDITIONAL INTEREST. 

(A) Accrual of Additional Interest. 

(i) If, at any time during the six (6) month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six (6) months
after the Last Original Issue Date of any Note, 

(1) the Company fails to timely file any report (other than Form 8-K reports) that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder); or 

(2) such Note is not otherwise Freely Tradable, 

then Additional Interest will accrue on such Note for each day during such period on which such failure is continuing or such Note is not
Freely Tradable. The grace periods referred to in the preceding sentence with respect to any report will include the maximum period afforded by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule thereto) under the
Exchange Act regardless of whether the Company indicates in the related Form 12b-25 (or any successor form thereto) that Company expects to or will file, such report before the expiration of such maximum
period. 

- 31 - 

(ii) In addition, Additional Interest will accrue on a Note on each day on
which such Note is not Freely Tradable on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note. 

(B) Amount and Payment of Additional Interest. Subject to Section 3.04(C), any Additional Interest that
accrues on a Note pursuant to Section 3.04(A) will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof for the first ninety (90) days on which Additional Interest
accrues and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no event will Additional Interest (excluding any interest that accrues on any Deferred
Additional Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(C)), together with any Special Interest, accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one half of one percent (0.50%). For the avoidance of doubt, any
Additional Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to any Special Interest that accrues on such Note. 

(C) Deferral of
Additional Interest. 

(i) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 3.04, but subject to Section 3.04(C)(iii), Additional Interest that accrues on any Note for any period on or after the De-Legending Deadline Date of
such Note will not be payable on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after such De-Legending Deadline Date unless (1) a Holder (or an owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note) has delivered
to the Company and the Trustee, before the Interest Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date, a written notice (a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request) demanding payment of Additional Interest; or
(2) the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects, by sending notice of such election (a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest) to Holders (with a copy to Trustee) before such Interest Record Date,
to pay such Additional Interest on such Interest Payment Date (any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest that, in accordance with this sentence, is not paid on such Interest Payment Date, Deferred Additional Interest). Once any
accrued and unpaid Additional Interest becomes payable on an Interest Payment Date (whether as a result of the delivery of a written notice pursuant to clause (1) above or, if earlier, the Companys election to pay the same pursuant
to clause (2) above), Additional Interest will thereafter not be subject to deferral pursuant to this Section 3.04(C). 

(ii) Interpretive Provisions. Each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to any accrued interest (including in the
definitions of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note) or to any accrued Additional Interest includes, to the extent applicable, and without duplication, any Deferred Additional Interest, together with accrued
and unpaid interest thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any accrued and unpaid Additional Interest on an Interest Payment Date will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default under this Indenture or the Notes if such payment
is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C)(i). Otherwise, such a failure to pay will be subject to Section 7.01(A)(ii). 

- 32 - 

(iii) Payment or Extinguishment Upon Maturity. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if (1) any unpaid Deferred Additional Interest exists on any Notes as of the Close of Business on the Interest Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) no Holder (or
owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Note) has delivered a Deferred Additional Interest Demand Request in the manner set forth in Section 3.04(C)(i) before such Interest Record Date; and (3) the Company has not
sent a Notice of Election to Pay Deferred Additional Interest in the manner set forth in Section 3.04(C)(i) before such Interest Record Date, then Deferred Additional Interest on each Note then outstanding will cease to
accrue, and all Deferred Additional Interest, together with interest thereon, on such Note will be deemed to be extinguished on the following date: (a) if such Note is to be Converted, the Conversion Date for such Conversion (it being
understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Conversion Consideration therefor need not include, and the amount referred to in clause (i) of Section 5.02(D) need not include, the payment of any such Deferred
Additional Interest or any interest thereon); and (b) in all other cases, the later of (x) the Maturity Date; and (y) the first date on which the Company has repaid the principal of, and accrued and unpaid Special Interest and
Additional Interest, if any (other than such Deferred Additional Interest and any interest thereon) on, such Note in full. 

(D) Notice
of Accrual of Additional Interest; Trustees Disclaimer. The Company will send notice to the Holder of each Note, and to the Trustee, of the commencement and termination of any period in which Additional Interest accrues on such Note,
except that no such notice is required in respect of any Additional Interest that is deferred in accordance with Section 3.04(C). In addition, if Additional Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five
(5) Business Days before each date on which such Additional Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay Additional
Interest on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Additional Interest is payable (or whether the same
is deferred or is accruing interest) or the amount thereof and may assume without inquiry that no Additional Interest is payable or has been deferred until written notice of such Additional Interest has been provided to the Trustee by the Company.

(E) Exclusive Remedy. The accrual of Additional Interest will be the exclusive remedy available to Holders for the failure of
their Notes to become Freely Tradable. 

Section 3.05. COMPLIANCEAND DEFAULT
CERTIFICATES. 

(A) Annual Compliance Certificate. Within ninety (90) days after the last day of each fiscal
year of the Company, beginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of this Indenture, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee stating (i) that the signatory thereto has supervised a review of the
activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year with a view towards determining whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred; and (ii) whether, to such signatorys knowledge, a Default or Event of Default has
occurred or is continuing (and, if so, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto). 

- 33 - 

(B) Default Certificate. If a Default or Event of Default occurs, then the Company
will, within thirty (30) days after its first occurrence, deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee describing the same and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; provided, however,
that the Company will not be required to deliver such Officers Certificate at any time after such Default or Event of Default is cured or waived. 

Section 3.06. STAY, EXTENSIONAND USURY LAWS. 

To the extent that it may lawfully do so, the Company (A) agrees that it will not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law (wherever or whenever enacted or in force) that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and (B) expressly waives all benefits or
advantages of any such law and agrees that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power granted to the Trustee by this Indenture, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no
such law has been enacted. 

Section 3.07. ACQUISITIONOF NOTESBYTHE
COMPANYANDITS AFFILIATES. 

Without limiting the generality of
Section 2.18, Notes that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have purchased or otherwise acquired will be deemed to remain outstanding (except to the extent provided in Section 2.16) until such
time as such Notes are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent any of its controlled Affiliates from acquiring any Note (or any beneficial interest therein). 

Section 3.08. EXISTENCE. 

Subject to Article 6, the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its
corporate existence. 

Article 4. REPURCHASE AND REDEMPTION 

Section 4.01. NO SINKING FUND. 

No sinking fund is required to be provided for the Notes. 

Section 4.02. RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO REQUIRETHE
COMPANYTO REPURCHASE NOTES UPONA FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. Subject to the other terms of this
Section 4.02, if a Fundamental Change occurs, then each Holder will have the right (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion
thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change for a cash purchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

- 34 - 

(B) Repurchase Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the
Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been rescinded on or before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including as a result of the payment of the related Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D), on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date), then (i) the Company may not repurchase any Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.02; and (ii) the Company will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel
any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(C) Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for any Fundamental Change will be a Business Day of the
Companys choosing that is no more than thirty five (35), nor less than twenty (20), Business Days after the date the Company sends the related Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to Section 4.02(E). 

(D) Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. The Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for any Note to be repurchased upon a Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Change following a Fundamental Change is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on such Note to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; provided, however, that if any payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest is due in respect of any Interest Payment Date and such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after the related Interest
Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Interest Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change, to receive, on or, at the
Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, such payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will not include accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest on such Note to, but excluding, such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if such Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date occurs on the Business
Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with
Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Interest Record Date; and (y) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will include Special Interest and
Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes to be repurchased from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(E) Fundamental Change
Notice. On or before the twentieth (20th) calendar day after the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company will send to each Holder, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent a notice of such Fundamental Change (a
Fundamental Change Notice). 

Such Fundamental Change Notice must state: 

(i) briefly, the events causing such Fundamental Change; 

- 35 - 

(ii) the effective date of such Fundamental Change; 

(iii) the procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.02, including the deadline for exercising the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Fundamental Change (and, if any
Special Interest or Additional Interest is payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date and such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date is after the related Interest Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and
timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the proviso to Section 4.02(D)); 

(vi) the
name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(vii) the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such
Fundamental Change Notice and a description and quantification of any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Fundamental Change (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(viii) that Notes for which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been duly tendered and not duly withdrawn must be
delivered to the Paying Agent for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

(ix) that Notes (or any portion thereof) that are subject to a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that has been duly tendered
may be Converted only if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(x)
the CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

Neither the failure to deliver a Fundamental Change Notice nor any defect in a
Fundamental Change Notice will limit the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right of any Holder or otherwise affect the validity of any proceedings relating to any Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change. 

(F) Procedures to Exercise the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right. 

(i) Delivery of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and Notes to Be Repurchased. To exercise its Fundamental Change
Repurchase Right for a Note following a Fundamental Change, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Paying Agent: 

(1)
before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or such later time as may be required by law), a duly completed, written Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to such
Note; and 

- 36 - 

(2) such Note, duly endorsed for transfer (if such Note is a Physical Note)
or by book-entry transfer (if such Note is a Global Note). 

The Paying Agent will promptly deliver to the Company a copy of each
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice that it receives. 

(ii) Contents of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notices. Each
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note must state: 

(1) if such Note is a Physical Note, the
certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be repurchased, which must be an Authorized
Denomination; and 

(3) that such Holder is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to such
principal amount of such Note; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note, then such Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
Section 4.02(F)). 

(iii) Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. A Holder that
has delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note may withdraw such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent at any time before the Close of Business on the
Business Day immediately before the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must state: 

(1) if
such Note is a Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be withdrawn,
which must be an Authorized Denomination; and 

(3) the principal amount of such Note, if any, that remains subject to such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which must be an Authorized Denomination; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a
Global Note, then such withdrawal notice must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such withdrawal notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this
Section 4.02(F)). 

- 37 - 

Upon receipt of any such withdrawal notice with respect to a Note (or any portion thereof),
the Paying Agent will (x) promptly deliver a copy of such withdrawal notice to the Company; and (y) if such Note is surrendered to the Paying Agent, cause such Note (or such portion thereof in accordance with
Section 2.11, treating such Note as having been then surrendered for partial repurchase in the amount set forth in such withdrawal notice as remaining subject to repurchase) to be returned to the Holder thereof (or, if
applicable with respect to any Global Note, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Note in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(G) Payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price within the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for a Note (or portion thereof) to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon
Fundamental Change to be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the later of (i) the applicable Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date (x) such Note is delivered to the Paying Agent (in the case of a Physical Note) or
(y) the Depositary Procedures relating to the repurchase, and the delivery to the Paying Agent, of such Holders beneficial interest in such Note to be repurchased are complied with (in the case of a Global Note). For the avoidance of
doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.02(D) on any Note to be repurchased pursuant to a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change must be paid pursuant to such proviso regardless of
whether such Note is delivered or such Depositary Procedures are complied with pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 4.02(G). 

(H) Third Party May Conduct Repurchase Offer In Lieu of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.02, the Company will be deemed to satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.02 if (i) one or more third parties conduct any Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change and related offer to
repurchase Notes otherwise required by this Section 4.02 in a manner that would have satisfied the requirements of this Section 4.02 if conducted directly by the Company; and (ii) an owner of
a beneficial interest in any Note repurchased by such third party or parties will not receive a lesser amount (as a result of withholding or other similar taxes) than such owner would have received had the Company repurchased such Note. 

(I) No Requirement to Conduct an Offer to Repurchase Notes if the Fundamental Change Results in the Notes Becoming Convertible into an
Amount of Cash Exceeding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.02, the Company will not be required to send a Fundamental Change Notice pursuant to
Section 4.02(E), or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.02, in connection with a Class A Common Stock Change Event that constitutes a Fundamental Change
pursuant to clause (B)(ii) of the definition thereof (regardless of whether such Class A Common Stock Change Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change pursuant to any other clause of such definition), if (i) the Reference Property
of such Class A Common Stock Change Event consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become Convertible, pursuant to Section 5.09(A) and, if applicable,
Section 5.07, into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 aggregate principal
amount of Notes (which Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will, if any Special Interest or Additional Interest is accruing on the Notes as of the effective date of such Fundamental Change, be calculated (x) assuming that such Fundamental
Change Repurchase 

- 38 - 

Price includes accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, to, but excluding, the latest possible Fundamental Change Repurchase Date for such Fundamental Change and
(y) without regard to the proviso in Section 4.02(D)); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b) and
includes, in such notice, a statement that the Company is relying on this Section 4.02(I). 

(J) Compliance
with Applicable Securities Laws. To the extent applicable, the Company will comply, in all material respects, with all federal and state securities laws in connection with a Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change (including complying with Rules 13e-4 and 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and filing any required Schedule TO, to the extent applicable) so as to permit effecting such Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in the
manner set forth in this Indenture; provided, however, that, to the extent that the Companys obligations pursuant to this Section 4.02 conflict with any law or regulation that is applicable to the
Company and enacted after the Issue Date, the Companys compliance with such law or regulation will not be considered to be a Default of such obligations; rather, the Company will be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it
complies with its obligations to repurchase Notes upon a Fundamental Change in accordance with this Indenture, modified as necessary by the Company in good faith to permit compliance with such law or regulation. 

(K) Repurchase in Part. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.02, Notes may be repurchased pursuant to a
Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Section 4.02 applying to the repurchase of a Note in whole will equally apply to the repurchase of a permitted portion of
a Note. 

Section 4.03. RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO REQUIRETHE
COMPANYTO REPURCHASE NOTESONTHE OPTIONAL REPURCHASE DATE. 

(A) Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes on the Optional Repurchase Date. Subject to the terms of this
Section 4.03, each Holder will have the right (the Optional Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on
March 1, 2028 (the Optional Repurchase Date) for a cash repurchase price equal to the Optional Repurchase Price. 

(B) Repurchase Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has
not been rescinded on or before the Optional Repurchase Date (including as a result of the payment of the related Optional Repurchase Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 4.03(C), on the Optional Repurchase Date), then (i) the Company may not repurchase any Notes otherwise subject to Optional Repurchase on the Optional Repurchase Date pursuant to this
Section 4.03; and (ii) the Company will cause any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Optional Repurchase to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any
instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

- 39 - 

(C) Optional Repurchase Price. The Optional Repurchase Price for any Note to be
repurchased on the Optional Repurchase Date pursuant to an Optional Repurchase is an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on such Note to, but excluding,
the Optional Repurchase Date; provided, however, that if any payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest is due in respect of any Interest Payment Date and the Optional Repurchase Date is after the related Interest Record Date and on or
before such Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on such Interest Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Optional Repurchase, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such
Interest Payment Date, such payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such Optional Repurchase Date is before
such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Optional Repurchase Price will not include accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Optional Repurchase Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if such
Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such Optional Repurchase Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) such accrued and
unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business
on the immediately preceding Interest Record Date; and (y) the Optional Repurchase Price will include Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on Notes to be repurchased from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(D) Optional Repurchase Date Notice. No later than twenty (20) Business Days before the Optional Repurchase Date, the Company will
send to each Holder, the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent a notice (an Optional Repurchase Date Notice). 

Such Optional Repurchase Date Notice must state: 

(i) the procedures that a Holder must follow to require the Company to repurchase its Notes pursuant to this
Section 4.03, including the deadline for exercising the Optional Repurchase Right and the procedures for submitting and withdrawing an Optional Repurchase Notice; 

(ii) the Optional Repurchase Date; 

(iii) the Optional Repurchase Price (and a statement that if any payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest is due in
respect of the Interest Payment Date falling on the Optional Repurchase Date, then (x) the Holder of any Note at the Close of Business on related Interest Record Date will be entitled to receive such payment of Special Interest or Additional
Interest and (y) the Optional Repurchase Price will not include such Special Interest or Additional Interest); 

(iv)
the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent; 

(v) the Conversion Rate in effect on the date of such
Optional Repurchase Date Notice; 

- 40 - 

(vi) that Notes for which an Optional Repurchase Notice has been duly
tendered and not duly withdrawn must be delivered to the Paying Agent for the Holder thereof to be entitled to receive the Optional Repurchase Price; 

(vii) that Notes (or any portion thereof) that are subject to an Optional Repurchase Notice that has been duly tendered may be
Converted (if otherwise then Convertible pursuant to Article 5) only if such Optional Repurchase Notice is withdrawn in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(viii) the CUSIP and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

Neither the failure to deliver an Optional Repurchase Date Notice nor any defect in an Optional Repurchase Date Notice will limit the Optional
Repurchase Right of any Holder or otherwise affect the validity of any proceedings relating to any Optional Repurchase. 

(E) Procedures
to Exercise the Optional Repurchase Right. 

(i) Delivery of Optional Repurchase Notice and Notes to Be
Repurchased. To exercise its Optional Repurchase Right for a Note, the Holder thereof must deliver to the Paying Agent: 

(1) before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before the Optional Repurchase Date (or such later time as may
be required by law), a duly completed, written Optional Repurchase Notice with respect to such Note; and 

(2) such Note,
duly endorsed for transfer (if such Note is a Physical Note) or by book-entry transfer (if such Note is a Global Note). 

The Paying Agent
will promptly deliver to the Company a copy of each Optional Repurchase Notice that it receives. 

(ii) Contents of
Optional Repurchase Notices. Each Optional Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note must state: 

(1) if such Note is a
Physical Note, the certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be repurchased, which must be
an Authorized Denomination; and 

(3) that such Holder is exercising its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to such
principal amount of such Note; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note, then such Optional Repurchase Notice
must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such Optional Repurchase Notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4.03(E)). 

- 41 - 

(iii) Withdrawal of Optional Repurchase Notice. A Holder that has
delivered an Optional Repurchase Notice with respect to a Note may withdraw such Optional Repurchase Notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent at any time before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately
before the Optional Repurchase Date. Such withdrawal notice must state: 

(1) if such Note is a Physical Note, the
certificate number of such Note; 

(2) the principal amount of such Note to be withdrawn, which must be an Authorized
Denomination; and 

(3) the principal amount of such Note, if any, that remains subject to such Optional Repurchase Notice,
which must be an Authorized Denomination; 

provided, however, that if such Note is a Global Note, then such withdrawal notice
must comply with the Depositary Procedures (and any such withdrawal notice delivered in compliance with the Depositary Procedures will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 4.03(E)). 

Upon receipt of any such withdrawal notice with respect to a Note (or any portion thereof), the Paying Agent will (x) promptly deliver a
copy of such withdrawal notice to the Company; and (y) if such Note is surrendered to the Paying Agent, cause such Note (or such portion thereof in accordance with Section 2.11, treating such Note as having been then
surrendered for partial repurchase in the amount set forth in such withdrawal notice as remaining subject to repurchase) to be returned to the Holder thereof (or, if applicable with respect to any Global Note, cancel any instructions for book-entry
transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the applicable beneficial interest in such Note in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(F) Payment of the Optional Repurchase Price. Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Optional Repurchase Price
within the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Optional Repurchase Price for a Note (or portion thereof) to be repurchased pursuant to an Optional Repurchase to be paid to the Holder thereof on or
before the later of (i) the Optional Repurchase Date; and (ii) the date (x) such Note is delivered to the Paying Agent (in the case of a Physical Note) or (y) the Depositary Procedures relating to the repurchase, and the delivery
to the Paying Agent, of such Holders beneficial interest in such Note to be repurchased are complied with (in the case of a Global Note). For the avoidance of doubt, Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, payable pursuant to
Section 4.03(C) on any Note to be repurchased pursuant to an Optional Repurchase must be paid as so described regardless of whether such Note is delivered or such Depositary Procedures are complied with pursuant to the
first sentence of this Section 4.03(F). 

(G) Third Party May Conduct Repurchase Offer In Lieu of the
Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.03, the Company will be deemed to satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.03 if (i) one or more third parties
conduct any Optional Repurchase and related offer to repurchase Notes otherwise required by this Section 4.03 in a manner that would have satisfied the requirements of this Section 4.03 if conducted directly
by the Company; and (ii) an owner of a beneficial interest in any Note repurchased by such third party or parties will not receive a lesser amount (as a result of withholding or other similar taxes) than such owner would have received had the
Company repurchased such Note. 

- 42 - 

(H) Compliance with Applicable Securities Laws. To the extent applicable, the Company
will comply, in all material respects, with all federal and state securities laws in connection with an Optional Repurchase (including complying with Rules 13e-4 and
14e-1 under the Exchange Act and filing any required Schedule TO, to the extent applicable) so as to permit effecting such Optional Repurchase in the manner set forth in this Indenture. If, after complying
with the preceding sentence to the extent applicable, any such laws prohibit the Company from taking any action otherwise required by this Section 4.03, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.03, the Companys failure to take such action will, to the extent the same is prohibited by such laws, be deemed not to be a breach of its obligations under this Section 4.03. 

(I) Repurchase in Part. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.03, Notes may be repurchased pursuant to an
Optional Repurchase in part, but only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Section 4.03 applying to the repurchase of a Note in whole will equally apply to the repurchase of a permitted portion of a Note. 

Section 4.04. RIGHTOFTHE COMPANYTO REDEEMTHE NOTES. 

(A) No Right to Redeem Before March 5, 2027. The Company may not
redeem the Notes at its option pursuant to this Section 4.04 at any time before March 5, 2027. 

(B)
Right to Redeem the Notes on or After March 5, 2027. Subject to the terms of this Section 4.04, the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all, or any portion in an Authorized
Denomination, of the Notes, at any time, and from time to time, on a Redemption Date on or after March 5, 2027 and on or before the twentieth (20th) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date, for a cash purchase price equal to
the Redemption Price, but only if (i) the Notes are Freely Tradable as of the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and all accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, has been paid in full, as of the first
Interest Payment Date occurring on or before such Redemption Notice Date; and (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price on (x) each of at
least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before such Redemption Notice Date; and (y) the Trading Day immediately
before such Redemption Notice Date; provided, however, that the Company will not call less than all of the outstanding Notes for Redemption unless the excess of the principal amount of Notes outstanding as of the time the Company sends
the related Redemption Notice over the aggregate principal amount of Notes set forth in such Redemption Notice as being subject to such Redemption is at least seventy five million dollars ($75,000,000). For the avoidance of doubt, the calling of any
Notes for Redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to such Notes pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof. 

- 43 - 

(C) Redemption Prohibited in Certain Circumstances. If the principal amount of the
Notes has been accelerated and such acceleration has not been rescinded on or before the Redemption Date (including as a result of the payment of the related Redemption Price, and any related interest pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of
Section 4.04(E), on such Redemption Date), then (i) the Company may not call for Redemption or otherwise redeem any Notes pursuant to this Section 4.04; and (ii) the Company will cause
any Notes theretofore surrendered for such Redemption to be returned to the Holders thereof (or, if applicable with respect to Global Notes, cancel any instructions for book-entry transfer to the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent of the
applicable beneficial interests in such Notes in accordance with the Depositary Procedures). 

(D) Redemption Date. The Redemption
Date for any Redemption will be a Business Day of the Companys choosing that is no more than forty five (45), nor less than twenty five (25), Scheduled Trading Days after the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption; provided,
however, that if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3), the Company has irrevocably elected to settle all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after such Redemption Notice Date and on or
before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day no more than forty five (45), nor less than fifteen (15),
calendar days after such Redemption Notice Date. 

(E) Redemption Price. The Redemption Price for any Note called for Redemption is
an amount in cash equal to the principal amount of such Note plus accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on such Note to, but excluding, the Redemption Date for such Redemption; provided, however, that if any payment of
Special Interest or Additional Interest is due in respect of any Interest Payment Date and such Redemption Date is after the related Interest Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of such Note at the Close
of Business on such Interest Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Redemption, to receive, on or, at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, such payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable
(assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date, if such Redemption Date is before such Interest Payment Date); and (ii) the Redemption Price will not include accrued and unpaid
Special Interest or Additional Interest on such Note to, but excluding, such Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if such Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day within the meaning of Section 2.05(C) and such
Redemption Date occurs on the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date, then (x) accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date will be paid, in
accordance with Section 2.05(C), on the next Business Day to Holders as of the Close of Business on the immediately preceding Interest Record Date; and (y) the Redemption Price will include Special Interest and
Additional Interest, if any, on Notes to be redeemed from, and including, such Interest Payment Date. 

(F) Redemption Notice. To
call any Notes for Redemption, the Company must send to each Holder of such Notes a written notice of such Redemption (a Redemption Notice). 

- 44 - 

Such Redemption Notice must state: 

(i) that such Notes have been called for Redemption, briefly describing the Companys Redemption right under this
Indenture; 

(ii) the Redemption Date for such Redemption; 

(iii) the Redemption Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for such Redemption (and, if any Special Interest or Additional
Interest is payable in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the Redemption Date is after the related Interest Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, the amount, manner and timing of the interest payment payable pursuant to the
proviso to Section 4.04(E)); 

(iv) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion
Agent; 

(v) that Notes called for Redemption may be Converted at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd)
Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full); 

(vi) the Conversion Rate in effect on the Redemption Notice Date for such Redemption and a description and quantification of
any adjustments to the Conversion Rate that may result from such Redemption (including pursuant to Section 5.07); 

(vii) the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after such
Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before such Redemption Date; and 

(viii) the CUSIP
and ISIN numbers, if any, of the Notes. 

On or before the Redemption Notice Date, the Company will send a copy of such Redemption Notice
to the Trustee, the Conversion Agent and the Paying Agent. 

(G) Selection and Conversion of Notes to Be Redeemed in Part. 

(i) If less than all Notes then outstanding are called for Redemption, then the Notes to be redeemed will be selected by the
Company as follows: (1) in the case of Global Notes, in accordance with the Depositary Procedures; and (2) in the case of Physical Notes, pro rata, by lot or by such other method the Company considers fair and appropriate. 

(ii) If only a portion of a Note is subject to Redemption and such Note is Converted in part, then the Converted portion of
such Note will be deemed to be from the portion of such Note that was subject to Redemption. 

(H) Payment of the Redemption Price.
Without limiting the Companys obligation to deposit the Redemption Price by the time proscribed by Section 3.01(B), the Company will cause the Redemption Price for a Note (or portion thereof) subject to Redemption to
be paid to the Holder thereof on or before the applicable Redemption Date. For the avoidance of doubt, interest payable pursuant to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 4.04(E) on any Note (or portion thereof)
subject to Redemption must be paid pursuant to such proviso. 

- 45 - 

(I) Special Provisions for Partial Calls. If the Company elects to redeem less than
all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to this Section 4.04, and the Holder of any Note, or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note, is reasonably not able to determine, before the Close of Business on the
twenty second (22nd) Scheduled Trading Day (or, if, in accordance with Section 5.03(A)(i)(3), the Company has elected to settle all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the Redemption Notice
Date for such Redemption and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the Redemption Date by Physical Settlement, the tenth (10th) calendar day) immediately before the Redemption Date for such Redemption, whether such Note or
beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to Convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the Close of Business on the
second (2nd) Business Day immediately before such Redemption Date, and each such Conversion will be deemed to be of a Note called for Redemption for purposes of this Section 4.04 and Sections5.01(C)(i)(4) and
5.07. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to (x) any Note that is called for Redemption (or similar language) includes any Note that is deemed to be called for Redemption pursuant to this
Section 4.04(I); and (y) any Note that is not called for Redemption (or similar language) excludes any Note that is deemed to be called for Redemption pursuant to this Section 4.04(I). 

(J) Repurchases or Other Acquisitions Other Than by Redemption Not Affected. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this
Section 4.04 will limit or otherwise apply to any repurchase or other acquisition, by the Company or its Affiliates, or any other Person, of any Notes not by Redemption (including in open market transactions, private or
public tender or exchange offers or otherwise). 

Article 5. THE CONVERSION OF NOTES 

Section 5.01. RIGHTTO CONVERT. 

(A) Generally. Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, each Holder may, at its option, Convert such Holders Notes into
Conversion Consideration. 

(B) Conversions in Part. Subject to the terms of this Indenture, Notes may be Converted in part, but
only in Authorized Denominations. Provisions of this Article 5 applying to the Conversion of a Note in whole will equally apply to Conversions of a permitted portion of a Note. 

(C) When Notes May Be Converted. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Section 5.01(C)(ii), a Note may be Converted only in the following
circumstances: 

- 46 - 

(1) Conversion Upon Satisfaction of Class A Common
Stock Sale Price Condition. A Holder may Convert its Notes during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025, if the Last Reported Sale Price per share of
Class A Common Stock exceeds one hundred and thirty percent (130%) of the Conversion Price for each of at least twenty (20) Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and
including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 

(2) Conversion Upon Satisfaction of Note
Trading Price Condition. A Holder may Convert its Notes during the five (5) consecutive Business Days immediately after any five (5) consecutive Trading Day period (such five (5) consecutive Trading Day period, the
Measurement Period) if the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder in accordance with the procedures set forth below, for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was
less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. The condition set forth in the preceding sentence is referred
to in this Indenture as the Trading Price Condition. 

The Trading Price will be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent
pursuant to this Section 5.01(C)(i)(2) and the definition of Trading Price. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if not the Company) will have no obligation to determine the Trading Price of the Notes unless the Company
has requested such determination in writing, and the Company will have no obligation to make such request (or seek bids itself) unless a Holder provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes
would be less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If a Holder provides such evidence, then the Company will (if acting as Bid Solicitation
Agent), or will instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to, determine the Trading Price of the Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or
equal to ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day. If the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth
above, then the Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. If, on any Trading Day after the Trading Price Condition has been met as set forth above, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is
greater than or equal to ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, then the Company will notify the Holders, the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent of the same. 

(3) Conversion Upon Specified Corporate Events. 

- 47 - 

(a) Certain Distributions. If, before December 3, 2029, the
Company elects to: 

(I) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Class A Common Stock, any rights, options
or warrants (other than rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, so long as such rights have not separated from the Class A Common Stock and are not exercisable until the occurrence of a triggering event, except that such rights
will be deemed to be distributed under this clause (I) upon their separation from the Class A Common Stock or upon the occurrence of such triggering event) entitling them, for a period of not more than sixty (60) calendar days
after the date such distribution is first publicly announced, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Class A Common Stock
for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced (determined in the manner set forth in the third paragraph of
Section 5.05(A)(ii)); or 

(II) distribute, to all or substantially all holders of Class A
Common Stock, assets or securities of the Company or rights to purchase the Companys securities, which distribution per share of Class A Common Stock has a value, as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors, exceeding ten percent
(10%) of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, 

then, in either case, (x) the Company will send notice of such distribution, and of the related right to Convert Notes, to Holders, the
Trustee and the Conversion Agent at least twenty five (25) Scheduled Trading Days before the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued
pursuant to a stockholder rights plan or the occurrence of any such triggering event under a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will
occur); and (y) once the Company has sent such notice, Holders may Convert their Notes at any time until the earlier of the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date
and the Companys announcement that such distribution will not take place; provided, however, that the Notes will not become Convertible pursuant to clause (y) above (but the Company will be required to send notice of
such distribution pursuant to clause (x) above) on account of such distribution if each Holder participates, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Class A Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder, in such
distribution without having to Convert such Holders Notes and as 

- 48 - 

if such Holder held a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the record date for such distribution; and (ii) the
aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such record date; provided, further, that if the Company is then otherwise permitted to settle Conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, the Company has not elected another Settlement Method to apply, including pursuant to Section 5.03(A)(i)(1)), then the Company may instead elect to provide such notice at least fifteen
(15) calendar days before such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case (x) the Company must settle all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring on or after the date the Company provides such
notice and on or before the Business Day immediately before the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or any earlier announcement by the Company that such distribution will not take place) by Physical
Settlement; and (y) such notice must state that all such Conversions will be settled by Physical Settlement. 

(b)
Certain Corporate Events. If a Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change (other than a Make-Whole Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof) or Class A Common Stock Change Event occurs (other
than a merger or other business combination transaction that is effected solely to change the Companys jurisdiction of incorporation and that does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change), then, in each case,
Holders may Convert their Notes at any time from, and including, the effective date of such transaction or event to, and including, the thirty fifth (35th) Trading Day after such effective date (or, if such transaction or event also constitutes a
Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), to, but excluding, the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date); provided, however, that if the Company does not provide the notice referred to in the immediately
following sentence by the Business Day after such effective date, then the last day on which the Notes are Convertible pursuant to this sentence will be extended by the number of Business Days from, and including, the Business Day after such
effective date to, but excluding, the date the Company provides such notice. No later than the Business Day after such effective date, the Company will send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such transaction or event,
such effective date and the related right to Convert Notes. 

(4) Conversion Upon Redemption. If the Company calls
any Note for Redemption, then the Holder of such Note may Convert such Note at any time before the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the related Redemption Date (or, if the Company fails to pay the Redemption
Price due on such Redemption Date in full, at any time until such time as the Company pays such Redemption Price in full). 

- 49 - 

(5) Conversions During Free Convertibility Period. A Holder may
Convert its Notes at any time from, and including, December 3, 2029 until the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the Maturity Date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes may become Convertible pursuant to any one or more of the preceding
sub-paragraphs of this Section 5.01(C)(i) and the Notes ceasing to be Convertible pursuant to a particular sub-paragraph of this
Section 5.01(C)(i) will not preclude the Notes from being Convertible pursuant to any other sub-paragraph of this Section 5.01(C)(i). 

(ii) Limitations and Closed Periods. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes: 

(1) Notes may be surrendered for Conversion only after the Open of Business and before the Close of Business on a day that is a
Business Day; 

(2) in no event may any Note be Converted after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Scheduled Trading
Day immediately before the Maturity Date; 

(3) if the Company calls any Note for Redemption pursuant to
Section 4.04, then the Holder of such Note may not Convert such Note after the Close of Business on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the applicable Redemption Date, except to the extent the Company fails to
pay the Redemption Price for such Note in accordance with this Indenture; and 

(4) if a Fundamental Change Repurchase
Notice or Optional Repurchase Notice is validly delivered pursuant to Section 4.02(F) or 4.03(E), respectively, with respect to any Note, then such Note may not be Converted, except to the extent (a) such Note
is not subject to such notice; (b) such notice is withdrawn in accordance with Section 4.02(F) or 4.03(E), as applicable; or (c) the Company fails to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Optional
Repurchase Price, as applicable, for such Note in accordance with this Indenture. 

Section 5.02. CONVERSION
PROCEDURES. 

(A) Generally. 

(i) Global Notes. To Convert a beneficial interest in a Global Note that is Convertible pursuant to
Section 5.01(C), the owner of such beneficial interest must (1) comply with the Depositary Procedures for Converting such beneficial interest (at which time such Conversion will become irrevocable); and (2) pay
any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

- 50 - 

(ii) Physical Notes. To Convert all or a portion of a Physical Note
that is Convertible pursuant to Section 5.01(C), the Holder of such Note must (1) complete, manually sign and deliver to the Conversion Agent the Conversion Notice attached to such Physical Note or a facsimile of such
Conversion Notice; (2) deliver such Physical Note to the Conversion Agent (at which time such Conversion will become irrevocable); (3) furnish any endorsements and transfer documents that the Company or the Conversion Agent may require; and
(4) pay any amounts due pursuant to Section 5.02(D) or Section 5.02(E). 

(B)
Effect of Converting a Note. At the Close of Business on the Conversion Date for a Note (or any portion thereof) to be Converted, such Note (or such portion) will (unless there occurs a Default in the delivery of the Conversion Consideration
or interest, if any, due, pursuant to Section 5.03(B) or 5.02(D), upon such Conversion) be deemed to cease to be outstanding (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Person will be deemed to be a Holder of such Note (or such
portion thereof) as of the Close of Business on such Conversion Date), except to the extent provided in Section 5.02(D). 

(C) Holder of Record of Conversion Shares. The Person in whose name any share of Class A Common Stock is issuable upon Conversion
of any Note will be deemed to become the holder of record of such share as of the Close of Business on (i) the Conversion Date for such Conversion, in the case of Physical Settlement; or (ii) the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation
Period for such Conversion, in the case of Combination Settlement. 

(D) Interest Payable Upon Conversion in Certain Circumstances.
If any payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest is due in respect of any Interest Payment Date and the Conversion Date of a Note is after the related Interest Record Date and before such Interest Payment Date, then (i) the Holder of
such Note at the Close of Business on such Interest Record Date will be entitled, notwithstanding such Conversion (and, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything set forth in the proviso to this sentence), to receive, on or, at the
Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, such payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable (assuming, solely for these purposes, that such Note remained outstanding through such Interest Payment Date); and
(ii) the Holder surrendering such Note for Conversion must deliver to the Conversion Agent, at the time of such surrender, cash in the amount of such payment of Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable; provided, however, that the
Holder surrendering such Note for Conversion need not deliver such cash (a) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after such Interest Record Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after such Interest
Payment Date; (b) if such Conversion Date occurs after the Interest Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date; (c) if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after such Interest Record Date and on or
before the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; (d) if the Optional Repurchase Date occurs after such Interest Record Date and on or before the Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date; or (e) to the
extent of any (x) overdue Special Interest or Additional Interest or (y) interest that has accrued on any overdue Special Interest or Additional Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, as a result of, and without limiting the generality of,
the foregoing, if a Note is Converted with a Conversion Date that is after the Interest Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, then the Company will pay, as provided above, Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, that would have
been due on such Note on the Maturity Date (or, if the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) had such Note not been Converted. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Conversion Date of a Note to be Converted is on an Interest
Payment Date in respect of which any Special Interest or 

- 51 - 

Additional Interest is payable, then the Holder of such Note at the Close of Business on the Interest Record Date immediately before such Interest Payment Date will be entitled to receive, on
such Interest Payment Date, such Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, and such Note, when surrendered for Conversion, need not be accompanied by any cash amount pursuant to the first sentence of this
Section 5.02(D). 

(E) Taxes and Duties. If a Holder Converts a Note, the Company will pay any
documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or duty due on the issue or delivery of any shares of Class A Common Stock upon such Conversion; provided, however, that if any tax or duty is due because such Holder requested
such shares to be registered in a name other than such Holders name, then such Holder will pay such tax or duty and, until having received a sum sufficient to pay such tax or duty, the Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver any such shares to
be issued in a name other than that of such Holder. 

(F) Conversion Agent to Notify Company of Conversions. If any Note is
submitted for Conversion to the Conversion Agent or the Conversion Agent receives any notice of Conversion with respect to a Note, then the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Trustee of such occurrence, together with any other
information reasonably requested by the Company, and will cooperate with the Company to determine the Conversion Date for such Note. 

Section 5.03. SETTLEMENT UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Settlement Method. Upon the Conversion of any Note, the Company will settle such Conversion by paying or delivering, as applicable
and as provided in this Article 5, either (x) shares of Class A Common Stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(1) (a Physical
Settlement); (y) solely cash as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(2) (a Cash Settlement); or (z) a combination of cash and shares of Class A Common Stock, together, if applicable, with
cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 5.03(B)(i)(3) (a Combination Settlement). 

(i) The Companys Right to Elect Settlement Method. The Company will have the right to elect the Settlement Method
applicable to any Conversion of a Note; provided, however, that: 

(1) subject to clause
(3) below, all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after December 3, 2029 will be settled using the same Settlement Method, and the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to Holders no later than
the Open of Business on December 3, 2029; 

(2) subject to clause (3) below, if the Company elects a
Settlement Method with respect to the Conversion of any Note whose Conversion Date occurs before December 3, 2029, then the Company will send notice of such Settlement Method to the Holder of such Note no later than the Close of Business on the
Business Day immediately after such Conversion Date; 

- 52 - 

(3) if any Notes are called for Redemption, then (a) the Company will
specify, in the related Redemption Notice (and, in the case of a Redemption of less than all outstanding Notes, in a notice simultaneously sent to all Holders of Notes not called for Redemption) sent pursuant to
Section 4.04(F), the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the related Redemption Notice Date and on or before the second (2nd) Business Day before the
related Redemption Date; and (b) if such Redemption Date occurs on or after December 3, 2029, then such Settlement Method must be the same Settlement Method that, pursuant to clause (1) above, applies to all Conversions of
Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after December 3, 2029; 

(4) the Company will use the same Settlement
Method for all Conversions of Notes with the same Conversion Date (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Company will not be obligated to use the same Settlement Method with respect to Conversions of Notes with different Conversion Dates, except as
provided in clause (1) or (3) above); 

(5) if the Company does not timely elect a Settlement Method with
respect to the Conversion of a Note, then the Company will be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely make such election will not constitute a Default or Event of Default); 

(6) if the Company timely elects Combination Settlement with respect to the Conversion of a Note but does not timely notify the
Holder of such Note of the applicable Specified Dollar Amount, then the Specified Dollar Amount for such Conversion will be deemed to be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to timely send such
notification will not constitute a Default or Event of Default); and 

(7) the Settlement Method will be subject to
Sections4.04(D) and 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a). 

At or before the time the Company sends any notice referred to in the
preceding sentence, the Company will send a copy of such notice to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, but the failure to timely send such copy will not affect the validity of any Settlement Method election. 

(ii) The Companys Right to Irrevocably Fix or Eliminate Settlement Methods. The Company will have
the right, exercisable at its election by sending notice of such exercise to the Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent), to (1) irrevocably fix the Settlement Method that will apply to all Conversions of Notes with a
Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders; or (2) irrevocably eliminate any one or more (but not all) Settlement Methods (including eliminating Combination Settlement with a particular Specified Dollar
Amount or range of Specified Dollar Amounts) with respect to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders, provided, in each case,

- 53 - 

that (w) the Settlement Method so elected pursuant to clause (1) above, or the Settlement Method(s) remaining after any elimination pursuant to clause (2) above, as
applicable, must be a Settlement Method or Settlement Method(s), as applicable, that the Company is then permitted to elect (for the avoidance of doubt, including pursuant to, and subject to, the other provisions of this
Section 5.03(A)); (x) no such irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to this Indenture (including pursuant to
Section 8.01(G) or this Section 5.03(A)); (y) upon any such irrevocable election pursuant to clause (1) above, the Default Settlement Method will automatically be deemed to be set to
the Settlement Method so fixed; and (z) upon any such irrevocable election pursuant to clause (2) above, the Company will, if needed, simultaneously change the Default Settlement Method to a Settlement Method that is consistent with
such irrevocable election. Such notice, if sent, must set forth the applicable Settlement Method(s) so elected or eliminated, as applicable, and the Default Settlement Method applicable immediately after such election, and expressly state that the
election is irrevocable and applicable to all Conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs on or after the date such notice is sent to Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made, will be effective without
the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 8.01(G) (it being understood, however, that the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option). 

(iii) Requirement to Publicly Disclose the Fixed or Default Settlement Method. If the Company changes the Default
Settlement Method pursuant to clause (x) of the proviso to the definition of such term or irrevocably fixes the Settlement Method(s) pursuant to Section 5.03(A)(ii), then the Company will, substantially
concurrently therewith, either post the Default Settlement Method or fixed Settlement Method(s), as applicable, on its website or disclose the same in a Current Report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that
is filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

(B) Conversion Consideration. 

(i) Generally. Subject to Sections5.03(B)(ii), 5.03(B)(iii) and 5.09(A)(2), the type and
amount of consideration (the Conversion Consideration) due in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of a Note to be Converted will be as follows: 

(1) if Physical Settlement applies to such Conversion, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Conversion
Rate in effect on the Conversion Date for such Conversion; 

(2) if Cash Settlement applies to such Conversion, cash in an
amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion; or 

(3) if Combination Settlement applies to such Conversion, consideration consisting of (a) a number of shares of
Class A Common Stock equal to the sum of the Daily Share Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion; and (b) an amount of cash equal to the sum of the Daily Cash Amounts for each VWAP Trading Day in
such Observation Period. 

- 54 - 

(ii) Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares. If Physical Settlement or
Combination Settlement applies to the Conversion of any Note and the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable pursuant to Section 5.03(B)(i) upon such Conversion is not a whole number, then such number will
be rounded down to the nearest whole number and the Company will deliver, in addition to the other consideration due upon such Conversion, cash in lieu of the related fractional share in an amount equal to the product of (1) such fraction and
(2) (x) the Daily VWAP on the Conversion Date for such Conversion (or, if such Conversion Date is not a VWAP Trading Day, the immediately preceding VWAP Trading Day), in the case of Physical Settlement; or (y) the Daily VWAP on the last VWAP
Trading Day of the Observation Period for such Conversion, in the case of Combination Settlement. 

(iii) Conversion of
Multiple Notes by a Single Holder. If a Holder Converts more than one (1) Note on a single Conversion Date, then the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such Conversion will (in the case of any Global Note, to the extent permitted
by, and practicable under, the Depositary Procedures) be computed based on the total principal amount of Notes Converted on such Conversion Date by such Holder. 

(iv) Notice of Calculation of Conversion Consideration. If Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to the
Conversion of any Note, then the Company will determine the Conversion Consideration due thereupon promptly following the last VWAP Trading Day of the applicable Observation Period and will promptly thereafter send notice to the Trustee and the
Conversion Agent of the same and the calculation thereof in reasonable detail. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent will have any duty to make any such determination. 

(C) Delivery of the Conversion Consideration. Except as set forth in Sections5.05(D) and 5.09, the Company will
pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion Consideration due upon the Conversion of any Note to the Holder as follows: (i) if Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement applies to such Conversion, on or before the second (2nd) Business Day
immediately after the last VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for such Conversion; and (ii) if Physical Settlement applies to such Conversion, on or before the second (2nd) Business Day immediately after the Conversion Date for such
Conversion; provided, however, that if Physical Settlement applies to the Conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that is after the Interest Record Date immediately before the Maturity Date, or of any Note that has been called
for Redemption with a Conversion Date that occurs during the fifteen (15) calendar days preceding the related Redemption Date, then, solely for purposes of such Conversion, (x) the Company will pay or deliver, as applicable, the Conversion
Consideration due upon such Conversion on or before the Maturity Date (or, if the Maturity Date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day), in the case of a Conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date that is after the Interest Record Date
immediately before the Maturity Date, or the related Redemption Date, in the case of a Conversion of any Note that has been called for Redemption with a Conversion Date that occurs during the fifteen (15) calendar days preceding such Redemption
Date; and (y) the Conversion Date will instead be deemed to be the second (2nd) Business Day immediately before the date referred to in clause (x). 

- 55 - 

(D) Deemed Payment of Principal and Interest; Settlement of Accrued Interest
Notwithstanding Conversion. If a Holder Converts a Note, then the Company will not adjust the Conversion Rate to account for any accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, if any, on such Note, and, except as provided in
Section 5.02(D), the Companys delivery of the Conversion Consideration due in respect of such Conversion will be deemed to fully satisfy and discharge the Companys obligation to pay the principal of, and accrued
and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, if any, on, such Note to, but excluding the Conversion Date. As a result, except as provided in Section 5.02(D), any accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional
Interest, if any, on a Converted Note will be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. In addition, subject to Section 5.02(D), if the Conversion Consideration for a Note consists of both
cash and shares of Class A Common Stock, then accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, that is deemed to be paid therewith will be deemed to be paid first out of such cash. 

Section 5.04. RESERVEAND STATUSOF CLASS A COMMON
STOCK ISSUED UPON CONVERSION. 

(A) Stock Reserve. At all times when
any Notes are outstanding, the Company will reserve (out of its authorized and not outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock that are not reserved for other purposes) a number of shares of Class A Common Stock sufficient to permit the
Conversion of all then-outstanding Notes, assuming (x) Physical Settlement will apply to such Conversion; and (y) the Conversion Rate is increased by the maximum amount pursuant to which the Conversion Rate may be increased pursuant to
Section 5.07. To the extent the Company delivers shares of Class A Common Stock held in its treasury in settlement of the Conversion of any Notes, each reference in this Indenture or the Notes to the issuance of shares
of Class A Common Stock in connection therewith will be deemed to include such delivery, mutatis mutandis. 

(B) Status of
Conversion Shares; Listing. Each Conversion Share, if any, delivered upon Conversion of any Note will be a newly issued or treasury share (except that any Conversion Share delivered by a designated financial institution pursuant to
Section 5.08 need not be a newly issued or treasury share) and will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from preemptive rights and free of any lien or
adverse claim (except to the extent of any lien or adverse claim created by the action or inaction of the Holder of such Note or the Person to whom such Conversion Share will be delivered). If the Class A Common Stock is then listed on any
securities exchange, or quoted on any inter-dealer quotation system, then the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each Conversion Share, when delivered upon Conversion of any Note, to be admitted for listing on such exchange or
quotation on such system. 

- 56 - 

Section 5.05. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE
CONVERSION RATE. 

(A) Events Requiring an Adjustment to the Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate
will be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(i) Stock Dividends, Splits and Combinations. If the Company issues
solely shares of Class A Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on all or substantially all shares of the Class A Common Stock, or if the Company effects a stock split or a stock combination of the Class A Common Stock (in each
case excluding an issuance solely pursuant to a Class A Common Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply), then the Conversion Rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately before the Open of Business on the effective
date of such stock split or stock combination, as applicable;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date or effective date, as applicable, without giving effect to such
dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination; and

OS1 = the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination.

If any dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination of the type described in this
Section 5.05(A)(i) is declared or announced, but not so paid or made, then the Conversion Rate will be readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution or to
effect such stock split or stock combination, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had such dividend, distribution, stock split or stock combination not been declared or announced. 

(ii) Rights, Options and Warrants. If the Company distributes, to all or substantially all holders of Class A
Common Stock, rights, options or warrants (other than rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as to which Sections 5.05(A)(iii)(1) and 5.05(F) will apply) entitling such holders, for a period of
not more than sixty (60) calendar days after the date such distribution is first publicly 

- 57 - 

announced, to subscribe for or purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Class A Common
Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced, then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS = the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = a number of shares of Class A Common Stock obtained by dividing (x) the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants by (y) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of
Class A Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before the date such distribution is announced.

To the extent such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted
to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of only the rights, options or warrants, if any, actually distributed. In addition, to the extent that shares of
Class A Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants (including as a result of such rights, options or warrants not being exercised), the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that
would then be in effect had the increase to the Conversion Rate for such distribution been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually delivered upon exercise of such rights, options or warrants.

For purposes of this Section 5.05(A)(ii) and Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)(I), in
determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle holders of Class A Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per
share of Class A Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading 

- 58 - 

Day immediately before the date the distribution of such rights, options or warrants is announced, and in determining the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants,
there will be taken into account any consideration the Company receives for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise thereof, with the value of such consideration, if not cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 

(iii) Spin-Offs and Other Distributed Property. 

(1) Distributions Other than Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its
indebtedness or other assets or property of the Company, or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock of the Company or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Class A Common Stock, excluding: 

(u) dividends, distributions, rights, options or warrants for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would
be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(i) or 5.05(A)(ii); 

(v) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or would
be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iv); 

(w) rights issued or otherwise distributed pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, except to the extent provided in
Section 5.05(F); 

(x) Spin-Offs for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate is required (or
would be required without regard to Section 5.05(C)) pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2); 

(y) a distribution solely pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Class A Common Stock, as to which
Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply; and 

(z) a distribution solely pursuant to a Class A Common
Stock Change Event, as to which Section 5.09 will apply, 

then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on
the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

- 59 - 

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Class A Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately before such
Ex-Dividend Date; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as of such Ex-Dividend Date, of the shares of Capital Stock, evidences of
indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants distributed per share of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such distribution;

provided, however, that if FMV is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu of the
foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Class A Common
Stock, the amount and kind of shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, assets, property, rights, options or warrants that such Holder would have received in such distribution if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on such record date. 

To the extent such distribution is not so
paid or made, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(2) Spin-Offs. If the Company distributes or dividends shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity
interests, of or relating to an Affiliate, a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company to all or substantially all holders of the Class A Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to (x) a Class A Common Stock Change Event, as
to which Section 5.09 will apply; or (y) a tender offer or exchange offer for shares of Class A Common Stock, as to which Section 5.05(A)(v) will apply), and such Capital Stock or equity
interests are listed or quoted (or will be listed or quoted upon the consummation of the transaction) on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), then the Conversion Rate will be
increased based on the following formula: 

- 60 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such
Spin-Off;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Spin-Off Valuation Period;

FMV = the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share or unit of the Capital Stock or equity interests distributed in such Spin-Off over the ten (10) consecutive
Trading Day period (the Spin-Off Valuation Period) beginning on, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such
Spin-Off (such average to be determined as if references to Class A Common Stock in the definitions of Last Reported Sale Price, Trading Day and Market Disruption Event were instead references to such
Capital Stock or equity interests); and (y) the number of shares or units of such Capital Stock or equity interests distributed per share of Class A Common Stock in such Spin-Off; and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Class A Common Stock for each Trading Day in the Spin-Off Valuation Period.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2), (i) if any
VWAP Trading Day of the Observation Period for a Note whose Conversion will be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such Conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist
of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the
Conversion Date for a Note whose Conversion will be settled pursuant to Physical Settlement occurs during the Spin-Off Valuation Period for such Spin-Off, then, solely
for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for such Conversion, such Spin-Off Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date for such Spin-Off to, and including, such Conversion Date. 

To the extent any dividend or distribution of the type set forth in this Section 5.05(A)(iii)(2) is declared but not
made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

- 61 - 

(iv) Cash Dividends or Distributions. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to
all or substantially all holders of Class A Common Stock, then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Open of Business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Open of Business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP = the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately before such Ex-Dividend Date; and

D = the cash amount distributed per share of Class A Common Stock in such dividend or distribution;

provided, however, that if D is equal to or greater than SP, then, in lieu of the
foregoing adjustment to the Conversion Rate, each Holder will receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such Holder on the record date for such dividend or distribution, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of
Class A Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received in such dividend or distribution if such Holder had owned, on such record date, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect
on such record date. 

To the extent such dividend or distribution is declared but not made or paid, the Conversion Rate will be readjusted
to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the dividend or distribution, if any, actually made or paid. 

(v) Tender Offers or Exchange Offers. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender
offer or exchange offer for shares of Class A Common Stock (other than solely pursuant to an odd-lot tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4(h)(5) under the Exchange
Act), and the value (determined as of the Expiration Time by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of the cash and other consideration paid per share of Class A Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer exceeds
the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Class A Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately after the last date (the Expiration Date) on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer (as
it may be amended), then the Conversion Rate will be increased based on the following formula: 

- 62 - 

where: 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately before the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer;

CR1 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the Close of Business on the last Trading Day of the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period;

AC = the aggregate value (determined as of the time (the Expiration Time) such tender or exchange offer expires by the Company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of all cash and other consideration
paid for shares of Class A Common Stock purchased or exchanged in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Expiration Time (including all shares of Class A Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS1 = the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Expiration Time (excluding all shares of Class A Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);
and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices per share of Class A Common Stock over the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period) beginning on, and including,
the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date;

provided, however, that the Conversion Rate will in no event be adjusted down pursuant to this
Section 5.05(A)(v), except to the extent provided in the immediately following paragraph. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.05(A)(v), (i) if any VWAP Trading Day of the
Observation Period for a Note whose Conversion will be settled pursuant to Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of determining
the Conversion Rate for such VWAP Trading Day for such Conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the
Expiration Date for such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such VWAP Trading Day; and (ii) if the Conversion Date for a Note whose Conversion will be settled pursuant to Physical Settlement occurs during the Tender/Exchange Offer
Valuation Period for such tender or exchange offer, then, solely for purposes of determining the Conversion Consideration for such Conversion, such Tender/Exchange Offer Valuation Period will be deemed to consist of the Trading Days occurring in the
period from, and including, the Trading Day immediately after the Expiration Date to, and including, such Conversion Date. 

- 63 - 

To the extent such tender or exchange offer is announced but not consummated (including as a
result of being precluded from consummating such tender or exchange offer under applicable law), or any purchases or exchanges of shares of Class A Common Stock in such tender or exchange offer are rescinded, the Conversion Rate will be
readjusted to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the adjustment been made on the basis of only the purchases or exchanges of shares of Class A Common Stock, if any, actually made, and not rescinded, in such tender or exchange
offer. 

(B) No Adjustments in Certain Cases. 

(i) Where Holders Participate in the Transaction or Event Without Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in Section 5.05(A), the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of a transaction or other event otherwise requiring an adjustment pursuant to Section 5.05(A) (other
than a stock split or combination of the type set forth in Section 5.05(A)(i) or a tender or exchange offer of the type set forth in Section 5.05(A)(v)) if each Holder participates, at the same
time and on the same terms as holders of Class A Common Stock, and solely by virtue of being a Holder of Notes, in such transaction or event without having to Convert such Holders Notes and as if such Holder held a number of shares of
Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the Conversion Rate in effect on the related record date; and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder on such date. 

(ii) Certain Events. The Company will not be required to adjust the Conversion Rate except as provided in
Section 5.05 or Section 5.07. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will not be obligated to adjust the Conversion Rate on account of: 

(1) except as otherwise provided in Section 5.05, the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock for
a purchase price that is less than the market price per share of Class A Common Stock or less than the Conversion Price; 

(2) the issuance of any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the
reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Class A Common Stock under any such plan; 

(3) the issuance of any shares of Class A Common Stock or options or rights to purchase shares of Class A Common
Stock pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit plan or program of, or assumed by, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(4) the issuance of any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or convertible or
exchangeable security of the Company outstanding as of the Issue Date; 

- 64 - 

(5) solely a change in the par value of the Class A Common Stock; or

(6) accrued and unpaid Special Interest or Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes. 

(C) Adjustment Deferral. If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by this Article 5 would result in a change
of less than one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must
be given effect immediately upon the earliest of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would, had they not been so deferred and carried forward, result in a change of at least one percent (1%) to the Conversion Rate;
(ii) the Conversion Date of, or any VWAP Trading Day of an Observation Period for, any Note; (iii) the date a Fundamental Change or Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs; (iv) the date the Company calls any Notes for Redemption; and
(v) December 3, 2029. 

(D) Adjustments Not Yet Effective. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or
the Notes, if: 

(i) a Note is to be Converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement; 

(ii) the record date, effective date or Expiration Time for any event that requires an adjustment to the Conversion Rate
pursuant to Section 5.05(A) has occurred on or before the Conversion Date for such Conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or on or before any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation Period for such Conversion (in the
case of Combination Settlement), but an adjustment to the Conversion Rate for such event has not yet become effective as of such Conversion Date or VWAP Trading Day, as applicable; 

(iii) the Conversion Consideration due upon such Conversion includes any whole shares of Class A Common Stock (in the case
of Physical Settlement) or due in respect of such VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Class A Common Stock (in the case of Combination Settlement); and 

(iv) such shares are not entitled to participate in such event (because they were not held on the related record date or
otherwise), 

then, solely for purposes of such Conversion, the Company will, without duplication, give effect to such adjustment on such Conversion Date
(in the case of Physical Settlement) or such VWAP Trading Day (in the case of Combination Settlement). In such case, if the date on which the Company is otherwise required to deliver the consideration due upon such Conversion is before the first
date on which the amount of such adjustment can be determined, then the Company will delay the settlement of such Conversion until the second (2nd) Business Day after such first date. 

- 65 - 

(E) Conversion Rate Adjustments Where Converting Holders Participate in the Relevant
Transaction or Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, if: 

(i) a Conversion
Rate adjustment for any dividend or distribution becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date pursuant to Section 5.05(A); 

(ii) a Note is to be Converted pursuant to Physical Settlement or Combination Settlement; 

(iii) the Conversion Date for such Conversion (in the case of Physical Settlement) or any VWAP Trading Day in the Observation
Period for such Conversion (in the case of Combination Settlement) occurs on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or before the related record date; 

(iv) the Conversion Consideration due upon such Conversion includes any whole shares of Class A Common Stock (in the case
of Physical Settlement) or due in respect of such VWAP Trading Day includes any whole or fractional shares of Class A Common Stock (in the case of Combination Settlement), in each case based on a Conversion Rate that is adjusted for such
dividend or distribution; and 

(v) such shares would be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution (including
pursuant to Section 5.02(C)), 

then (x) in the case of Physical Settlement, such Conversion Rate adjustment will not be
given effect for such Conversion and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such Conversion based on such unadjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution, but there will be added, to the
Conversion Consideration otherwise due upon such Conversion, the same kind and amount of consideration that would have been delivered in such dividend or distribution with respect to such shares of Class A Common Stock had such shares been
entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution; and (y) in the case of Combination Settlement, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date will be made for such Conversion
in respect of such VWAP Trading Day, but the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable with respect to such VWAP Trading Day based on such adjusted Conversion Rate will not be entitled to participate in such dividend or distribution. 

(F) Stockholder Rights Plans. If any shares of Class A Common Stock are to be issued upon Conversion of any Note and, at the time
of such Conversion, the Company has in effect any stockholder rights plan, then the Holder of such Note will be entitled to receive, in addition to, and concurrently with the delivery of, the Conversion Consideration otherwise payable under this
Indenture upon such Conversion, the rights set forth in such stockholder rights plan, unless such rights have separated from the Class A Common Stock at such time, in which case, and only in such case, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted
pursuant to Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1) on account of such separation as if, at the time of such separation, the Company had made a distribution of the type referred to in such Section to all holders of the Class A Common
Stock, subject to potential readjustment in accordance with the last paragraph of Section 5.05(A)(iii)(1). 

- 66 - 

(G) Limitation on Effecting Transactions Resulting in Certain Adjustments. The
Company will not engage in or be a party to any transaction or event that would require the Conversion Rate to be adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A) or Section 5.07 to an amount that would result
in the Conversion Price per share of Class A Common Stock being less than the par value per share of Class A Common Stock. 

(H)
Equitable Adjustments to Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices, or any function thereof, over a period of multiple days (including to calculate the
Stock Price or an adjustment to the Conversion Rate), or to calculate Daily VWAPs over an Observation Period, the Company will make appropriate adjustments, if any, to such calculations to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant
to Section 5.05(A) that becomes effective, or any event requiring such an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, effective date or Expiration Date, as
applicable, of such event occurs, at any time during such period or Observation Period, as applicable. 

(I) Calculation of Number of
Outstanding Shares of Class A Common Stock. For purposes of Section 5.05(A), the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding at any time will (i) include shares issuable in respect
of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Class A Common Stock; and (ii) exclude shares of Class A Common Stock held in the Companys treasury (unless the Company pays any dividend or makes any distribution
on shares of Class A Common Stock held in its treasury). 

(J) Calculations. All calculations with respect to the Conversion
Rate and adjustments thereto will be made to the nearest 1/10,000th of a share of Class A Common Stock (with 5/100,000ths rounded upward). 

(K) Notice of Conversion Rate Adjustments. Upon the effectiveness of any adjustment to the Conversion Rate pursuant to
Section 5.05(A), the Company will promptly send notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent containing (i) a brief description of the transaction or other event on account of which such adjustment was
made; (ii) the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after such adjustment; and (iii) the effective time of such adjustment. 

Section 5.06. VOLUNTARY ADJUSTMENTS. 

(A) Generally. To the extent permitted by law and applicable stock exchange rules, the Company, from time to time, may (but is not
required to) increase the Conversion Rate by any amount if (i) the Board of Directors determines that such increase is either (x) in the best interest of the Company; or (y) advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax imposed on
holders of Class A Common Stock or rights to purchase Class A Common Stock as a result of any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) of Class A Common Stock or any similar event; (ii) such increase is in
effect for a period of at least twenty (20) Business Days; and (iii) such increase is irrevocable during such period. 

- 67 - 

(B) Notice of Voluntary Increases. If the Board of Directors determines to increase
the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.06(A), then, no later than the first Business Day of the related twenty (20) or more Business Day period referred to in Section 5.06(A), the Company
will send notice to each Holder, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such increase, the amount thereof and the period during which such increase will be in effect. 

Section 5.07. ADJUSTMENTSTOTHE CONVERSION RATEIN
CONNECTIONWITHA MAKE-WHOLE FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE. 

(A) Generally. If a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs and the Conversion Date for the Conversion of a Note occurs during the related
Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, then, subject to this Section 5.07, the Conversion Rate applicable to such Conversion will be increased by a number of shares (the Additional Shares) set
forth in the table below corresponding (after interpolation as provided in, and subject to, the provisions below) to the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date and the Stock Price of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change: 

Stock Price 

Make-Whole

Fundamental Change

Effective Date $321.05 $375.00 $433.43 $500.00 $563.45 $600.00 $800.00 $1,000.00 $1,200.00 $1,500.00 $1,750.00 $2,250.00 

February 21, 2025 0.8075 0.5897 0.4315 0.3107 0.2322 0.1978 0.0885 0.0425 0.0207 0.0066 0.0020 0.0000 

March 1, 2026 0.8075 0.5897 0.4309 0.3007 0.2183 0.1831 0.0754 0.0333 0.0147 0.0037 0.0007 0.0000 

March 1, 2027 0.8075 0.5897 0.4052 0.2700 0.1883 0.1545 0.0568 0.0221 0.0083 0.0012 0.0000 0.0000 

March 1, 2028 0.8075 0.5119 0.3406 0.2188 0.1460 0.1164 0.0355 0.0108 0.0027 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

March 1, 2029 0.8075 0.4736 0.2793 0.1538 0.0881 0.0642 0.0115 0.0016 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

March 1, 2030 0.8075 0.3594 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

If such Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date or Stock Price is not set forth in the table above, then:

(i) if such Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Effective Date
is between two dates in the table above, then the number of Additional Shares will be determined by straight-line interpolation between the numbers of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices in the table above or the
earlier and later dates in the table above, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable; and 

(ii) if the Stock Price is greater than $2,250.00 (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in
the column headings of the table above are adjusted pursuant to Section 5.07(B)), or less than $321.05 (subject to adjustment in the same manner), per share, then no Additional Shares will be added to the Conversion Rate.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, in no event will the Conversion Rate be increased to an amount
that exceeds 3.1147 shares of Class A Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which amount is subject to adjustment in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Rate is required to be
adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A). 

For the avoidance of doubt, but subject to
Section 4.04(I), (x) the sending of a Redemption Notice will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change only with respect to the Notes called for Redemption pursuant to such Redemption Notice, and not with respect to any
other Notes; and (y) the Conversion Rate applicable to the Notes not so called for Redemption will not be subject to increase pursuant to this Section 5.07 on account of such Redemption Notice. 

- 68 - 

(B) Adjustment of Stock Prices and Number of Additional Shares. The Stock Prices in
the first row (i.e., the column headers) of the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same events for which, the Conversion Price is adjusted as a
result of the operation of Section 5.05(A). The numbers of Additional Shares in the table set forth in Section 5.07(A) will be adjusted in the same manner as, and at the same time and for the same
events for which, the Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to Section 5.05(A). 

(C) Notice of the Occurrence
of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. The Company will notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of each Make-Whole Fundamental Change (i) occurring pursuant to clause (A) of the definition thereof in accordance
with Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(b); and (ii) occurring pursuant to clause (B) of the definition thereof in accordance with Section 4.04(F). 

Section 5.08. EXCHANGEIN LIEUOF CONVERSION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5, and subject to the terms of this Section 5.08, if
a Note is submitted for Conversion, the Company may elect to arrange to have such Note exchanged in lieu of Conversion by a financial institution designated by the Company. To make such election, the Company must send notice of such election to the
Holder of such Note, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent before the Close of Business on the Business Day immediately following the Conversion Date for such Note. If the Company has made such election, then: 

(A) no later than the Business Day immediately following such Conversion Date, the Company must deliver (or cause the Conversion Agent to
deliver) such Note, together with delivery instructions for the Conversion Consideration due upon such Conversion (including wire instructions, if applicable), to a financial institution designated by the Company that has agreed to deliver such
Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time the Company would have had to deliver the same pursuant to this Article 5; 

(B) if such Note is a Global Note, then (i) such designated institution will send written confirmation to the Conversion Agent promptly
after wiring the cash Conversion Consideration, if any, and delivering any other Conversion Consideration, due upon such Conversion to the Holder of such Note; and (ii) the Conversion Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter
contact such Holders custodian with the Depositary to confirm receipt of the same; and 

(C) such Note will not cease to be
outstanding by reason of such exchange in lieu of Conversion; 

provided, however, that if such financial institution does not accept such
Note or fails to timely deliver such Conversion Consideration, then the Company will be responsible for delivering such Conversion Consideration in the manner and at the time provided in this Article 5 as if the Company had not elected to
make an exchange in lieu of Conversion. 

- 69 - 

Section 5.09. EFFECTOF CLASS A
COMMON STOCK CHANGE EVENT. 

(A) Generally. If there occurs any: 

(i) recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Class A Common Stock (other than (x) changes solely resulting
from a subdivision or combination of the Class A Common Stock, (y) a change only in par value or from par value to no par value or no par value to par value and (z) stock splits and stock combinations that do not involve the issuance
of any other series or class of securities); 

(ii) consolidation, merger, combination or binding or statutory share
exchange involving the Company; 

(iii) sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person; or 

(iv) other similar event, 

and, as a result of which, the Class A Common Stock is converted into, or is exchanged for, or represents solely the right to receive, other securities,
cash or other property, or any combination of the foregoing (such an event, a Class A Common Stock Change Event, and such other securities, cash or property, the Reference Property, and the
amount and kind of Reference Property that a holder of one (1) share of Class A Common Stock would be entitled to receive on account of such Class A Common Stock Change Event (without giving effect to any arrangement not to issue or
deliver a fractional portion of any security or other property), a Reference Property Unit), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, 

(1) from and after the effective time of such Class A Common Stock Change Event, (I) the Conversion Consideration due
upon Conversion of any Note, and the conditions to any such Conversion, will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares of Class A Common Stock in this Article 5 (or in any related definitions) were
instead a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; (II) for purposes of Section 4.04, each reference to any number of shares of Class A Common Stock in such Section (or in any related definitions)
will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; and (III) for purposes of the definitions of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change, references to Class A
Common Stock and the Companys common equity will be deemed to refer to the common equity (including depositary receipts representing common equity), if any, forming part of such Reference Property; 

(2) if such Reference Property Unit consists entirely of cash, then (I) each Conversion of any Note with a Conversion Date
that occurs on or after the effective date of such Class A Common Stock Change Event will be settled entirely in cash in an amount, per $1,000 principal amount of such Note being Converted, equal to the product of (x) the Conversion Rate
in effect on such Conversion Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any increase to such Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.07, if applicable); and (y) the amount of cash constituting such Reference Property
Unit; and (II) the Company will settle each such Conversion no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date; and 

- 70 - 

(3) for these purposes, (I) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property
Unit or portion thereof that consists of a class of common equity securities will be determined by reference to the definition of Daily VWAP, substituting, if applicable, the Bloomberg page for such class of common equity securities in
such definition; and (II) the Daily VWAP of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that does not consist of a class of common equity securities, and the Last Reported Sale Price of any Reference Property Unit or portion thereof that
does not consist of a class of securities, will be the fair value of such Reference Property Unit or portion thereof, as applicable, determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the Company (or, in the case of cash denominated
in U.S. dollars, the face amount thereof). 

If the Reference Property consists of more than a single type of consideration to be
determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election, then the composition of the Reference Property Unit will be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received, per share of Class A
Common Stock, by the holders of Class A Common Stock. The Company will notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the conversion of any Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock will not constitute a Class A
Common Stock Change Event. 

At or before the effective time of such Class A Common Stock Change Event, the Company and the resulting,
surviving or transferee Person (if not the Company) of such Class A Common Stock Change Event (the Successor Person) will execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to
Section 8.01(F), which supplemental indenture will (x) provide for subsequent Conversions of Notes in the manner set forth in this Section 5.09; (y) provide for subsequent adjustments to the
Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A) in a manner consistent with this Section 5.09; and (z) contain such other provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate
to preserve the economic interests of the Holders and to give effect to the provisions of this Section 5.09(A). If the Reference Property includes shares of stock or other securities or assets (other than cash) of a Person
other than the Successor Person, then such other Person will also execute such supplemental indenture and such supplemental indenture will contain such additional provisions, if any, that the Company reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve
the economic interests of the Holders. 

(B) Notice of Class A Common Stock Change Events. The Company will
provide notice of each Class A Common Stock Change Event to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent no later than the Business Day after the effective date of such Class A Common Stock Change Event. 

(C) Compliance Covenant. The Company will not become a party to any Class A Common Stock Change Event unless its terms are
consistent with this Section 5.09. 

- 71 - 

Article 6. SUCCESSORS 

Section 6.01. WHENTHE COMPANY MAY MERGE, ETC. 

(A) Generally. The Company will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or (directly, or indirectly through one or more of its
Subsidiaries) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (a Business Combination
Event), unless: 

(i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person either (x) is the Company or (y) if
not the Company, is a Qualified Successor Entity (such Qualified Successor Entity, the Successor Entity) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia
that expressly assumes (by executing and delivering to the Trustee, at or before the effective time of such Business Combination Event, a supplemental indenture pursuant to Section 8.01(E)) all of the Companys
obligations under this Indenture and the Notes; and 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such Business Combination
Event, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing. 

(B) Delivery of Officers Certificate and Opinion of
Counsel to the Trustee. At or before the effective time of any Business Combination Event, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel, each stating that (i) such Business Combination Event
(and, if applicable, the related supplemental indenture) comply with Section 6.01(A); and (ii) all conditions precedent to such Business Combination Event provided in this Indenture have been satisfied. 

Section 6.02. SUCCESSOR ENTITY SUBSTITUTED. 

At the effective time of any Business Combination Event that complies with Section 6.01, the Successor Entity (if not
the Company) will succeed to, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture and the Notes with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company in this Indenture and the Notes, and, except in
the case of a lease, the predecessor Company will be discharged from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Section 6.03.
EXCLUSIONFOR ASSET TRANSFERSWITH WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 6, this Article 6 will not apply to any transfer of assets (other than
by merger or consolidation) between or among the Company and any one or more of its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such transfer, the transferee will not succeed to the transferor, and the transferor will
not be discharged from its obligations, under this Indenture and the Notes. 

- 72 - 

Article 7. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 7.01. EVENTSOF DEFAULT. 

(A) Definition of Events of Default. Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the following: 

(i) a default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon Redemption, Repurchase Upon Fundamental Change or Optional
Repurchase or otherwise) of the principal of, or the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Optional Repurchase Price for, any Note; 

(ii) a default for thirty (30) consecutive days in the payment when due of any Special Interest or Additional Interest
that has accrued on any Note; 

(iii) the Companys failure to deliver, when required by this Indenture, a Fundamental
Change Notice,, an Optional Repurchase Date Notice or a notice pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3), if (in the case of any notice other than a notice pursuant to Section 5.01(C)(i)(3)(a)) such
failure is not cured within five (5) days after its occurrence; 

(iv) a default in the Companys obligation to
Convert a Note in accordance with Article 5 upon the exercise of the Conversion right with respect thereto, if such default is not cured within five (5) days after its occurrence; 

(v) a default in the Companys obligations under Article 6; 

(vi) a default in any of the Companys obligations or agreements under this Indenture or the Notes (other than a default
set forth in clause(i), (ii),(iii), (iv) or (v) of this Section 7.01(A)) where such default is not cured or waived within sixty (60) days after notice to the Company by
the Trustee, or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, which notice must specify such default, demand that it be remedied and state that such
notice is a Notice of Default; 

(vii) a default by the Company or any of the Companys Significant
Subsidiaries with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money of at least two hundred million dollars ($200,000,000) (or its
foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company or any of the Companys Significant Subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness exists as of the Issue Date or is thereafter created, where such default: 

(1) constitutes a failure to pay the principal of such indebtedness when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon required
repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case after the expiration of any applicable grace period; or 

- 73 - 

(2) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable
before its stated maturity, 

in each case where such default is not cured or waived within thirty (30) days after notice to the
Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding; 

(viii) the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, either:

(1) commences a voluntary case or proceeding; 

(2) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(3) consents to the appointment of a custodian of it or for any substantial part of its property; 

(4) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(5) takes any comparable action under any foreign Bankruptcy Law; or 

(6) generally is not paying its debts as they become due; or 

(ix) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that either: 

(1) is for relief against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries in an involuntary case or proceeding; 

(2) appoints a custodian of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or for any substantial part of the property of
the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; 

(3) orders the winding up or liquidation of the Company or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries; or 

(4) grants any similar relief under any foreign Bankruptcy Law, 

and, in each case under this Section 7.01(A)(ix), such order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for at least
sixty (60) days. 

(B) Cause Irrelevant. Each of the events set forth in Section 7.01(A) will
constitute an Event of Default regardless of the cause thereof or whether voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body. 

- 74 - 

Section 7.02. ACCELERATION. 

(A) Automatic Acceleration in Certain Circumstances. If an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(viii)
or 7.01(A)(ix) occurs with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company), then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on, all of
the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any Person. 

(B) Optional
Acceleration. Subject to Section 7.03, if an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default set forth in Section 7.01(A)(viii) or 7.01(A)(ix) with respect to the Company and not solely
with respect to a Significant Subsidiary of the Company) occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to
the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. For the avoidance of doubt,
if such Event of Default is not continuing at the time such notice is provided (that is, such Event of Default has been cured or waived as of such time), then such notice will not be effective to cause such amounts to become due and payable
immediately. 

(C) Rescission of Acceleration. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may, on behalf of all Holders, rescind any acceleration of the Notes and its consequences if (i) such rescission would not
conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; and (ii) all existing Events of Default (except the non-payment of principal of, or interest, if any, on, the Notes that has
become due solely because of such acceleration) have been cured or waived. No such rescission will affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

Section 7.03. SOLE REMEDYFORA FAILURETO
REPORT. 

(A) Generally. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, the Company may
elect that the sole remedy for any Event of Default (a Reporting Event of Default) pursuant to Section 7.01(A)(vi) arising from the Companys failure to comply with
Section 3.02 will, for each of the first three hundred sixty (360) calendar days on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, consist exclusively of the accrual of Special Interest on the
Notes. If the Company has made such an election, then (i) the Notes will be subject to acceleration pursuant to Section 7.02 on account of the relevant Reporting Event of Default from, and including, the three hundred
sixty first (361st) calendar day on which a Reporting Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if the Company fails to pay any accrued and unpaid Special Interest when due; and (ii) Special Interest will cease to accrue on any Notes
from, and including, such three hundred sixty first (361st) calendar day (it being understood that interest on any defaulted Special Interest will nonetheless accrue pursuant to Section 2.05(B)). 

- 75 - 

(B) Amount and Payment of Special Interest. Any Special Interest that accrues on a
Note pursuant to Section 7.03(A) will accrue at a rate per annum equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the principal amount thereof for the first one hundred eighty (180) days on which Special Interest accrues
and, thereafter, at a rate per annum equal to one half of one percent (0.50%) of the principal amount thereof; provided, however, that in no event will Special Interest, together with any Additional Interest (excluding any interest
that accrues on any Deferred Additional Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(C)), accrue on any day on a Note at a combined rate per annum that exceeds one half of one percent (0.50%). For the avoidance of doubt, any Special
Interest that accrues on a Note will be in addition to any Additional Interest that accrues on such Note. 

(C) Notice of Election.
To make the election set forth in Section 7.03(A), the Company must send to the Holders, the Trustee and the Paying Agent, before the date on which each Reporting Event of Default first occurs, a notice that
(i) briefly describes the report(s) that the Company failed to file with the SEC; (ii) states that the Company is electing that the sole remedy for such Reporting Event of Default consist of the accrual of Special Interest; and
(iii) briefly describes the periods during which and rate at which Special Interest will accrue and the circumstances under which the Notes will be subject to acceleration on account of such Reporting Event of Default. 

(D) Notice to Trustee and Paying Agent; Trustees Disclaimer. If Special Interest accrues on any Note, then, no later than five
(5) Business Days before each date on which such Special Interest is to be paid, the Company will deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee and the Paying Agent stating (i) that the Company is obligated to pay Special Interest
on such Note on such date of payment; and (ii) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable on such date of payment. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Special Interest is payable or the amount thereof. 

(E) No Effect on Other Events of Default. No election pursuant to this Section 7.03 with respect to a
Reporting Event of Default will affect the rights of any Holder with respect to any other Event of Default, including with respect to any other Reporting Event of Default. 

Section 7.04. OTHER REMEDIES. 

(A) Trustee May Pursue All Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then the Trustee may pursue any available remedy
to collect the payment of any amounts due with respect to the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes. 

(B) Procedural Matters. The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of the Notes or does not produce any of
them in such proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy following an Event of Default will not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of, or acquiescence in, such Event of Default. All
remedies will be cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

- 76 - 

Section 7.05. WAIVEROF PAST DEFAULTS.

An Event of Default pursuant to clause(i), (ii), (iv) or (vi) of
Section 7.01(A) (that, in the case of clause (vi) only, results from a Default under any covenant that cannot be amended without the consent of each affected Holder), and a Default that could lead to such an
Event of Default, can be waived only with the consent of each affected Holder. Each other Default or Event of Default may be waived, on behalf of all Holders, by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.
If an Event of Default is so waived, then it will cease to exist. If a Default is so waived, then it will be deemed to be cured and any Event of Default arising therefrom will be deemed not to occur. However, no such waiver will extend to any
subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right arising therefrom. 

Section 7.06. CUREOF
DEFAULTS; ABILITYTO CUREOR WAIVE BEFORE EVENTOF DEFAULT OCCURS. 

For the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the manner in which any Default can be cured, (A) a Default consisting of a failure to
send a notice in accordance with this Indenture will be cured upon the sending of such notice; (B) a Default in making any payment on (or delivering any other consideration in respect of) any Note will be cured upon the delivery of such payment
(or other consideration) together, if applicable, with Default Interest thereon; and (C) an Event of Default consisting of a Reporting Event of Default will be cured upon the filing of the relevant report(s) giving rise to such Reporting Event
of Default. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, if a Default that is not an Event of Default is cured or waived before such Default would have constituted an Event of Default, then no Event of Default will result from such Default. 

Section 7.07. CONTROLBY MAJORITY. 

Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on it. However, the Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law, this Indenture or the Notes, or that, subject to
Section 10.01, the Trustee determines may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of other Holders or may involve the Trustee in liability, unless the Trustee is offered (and, if requested, provided with) security and indemnity
satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such direction. 

Section 7.08. LIMITATIONON SUITS. 

No Holder may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or the Notes (except to enforce (x) its rights to receive the principal of,
or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest, if any, on, any Notes; or (y) the Companys obligations to Convert any Notes pursuant to Article 5), unless: 

(A) such Holder has previously delivered to the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing; 

(B) Holders of at least twenty five percent (25%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding deliver a request to the Trustee
to pursue such remedy; 

- 77 - 

(C) such Holder or Holders offer and, if requested, provide to the Trustee security and
indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense to the Trustee that may result from the Trustees following such request; 

(D) the Trustee does not comply with such request within sixty (60) calendar days after its receipt of such request and such offer of
security or indemnity; and 

(E) during such sixty (60) calendar day period, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
Notes then outstanding do not deliver to the Trustee a direction that is inconsistent with such request. 

A Holder of a Note may not use
this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder or to obtain a preference or priority over another Holder. The Trustee will have no duty to determine whether any Holders use of this Indenture complies with the preceding sentence. 

Section 7.09. ABSOLUTE RIGHTOF HOLDERSTO INSTITUTE
SUITFORTHE ENFORCEMENTOFTHE RIGHTTO RECEIVE PAYMENTAND
CONVERSION CONSIDERATION. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes (but
without limiting Section 8.01), the right of each Holder of a Note to bring suit for the enforcement of any payment or delivery, as applicable, of the principal of, or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional
Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any Special Interest or Additional Interest on, or the Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon Conversion of, such Note on or after the respective due dates therefor provided in
this Indenture and the Notes, will not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 7.10. COLLECTION
SUITBY TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee will have the right, upon the occurrence and continuance of
an Event of Default pursuant to clause(i), (ii) or (iv) of Section 7.01(A), to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Company for the total unpaid
or undelivered principal of, or Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest, if any, on, or Conversion Consideration due pursuant to Article 5 upon Conversion of, the Notes, as
applicable, and, to the extent lawful, any Default Interest on any Defaulted Amounts, and such further amounts sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including compensation provided for in Section 10.06.

Section 7.11. TRUSTEE MAY FILE PROOFSOF CLAIM.

The Trustee has the right to (A) file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in
order to have the claims of the Trustee and the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Notes) or its creditors or property and (B) collect, receive and distribute any money or other
property payable or deliverable on any such claims. Each Holder authorizes any custodian in such proceeding to make such payments to the Trustee, and, if the Trustee consents to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the
Trustee any amount due to the Trustee for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts payable to the Trustee pursuant to

- 78 - 

Section 10.06. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and other amounts out of the estate in such proceeding, is denied for any
reason, payment of the same will be secured by a lien (senior to the rights of Holders) on, and will be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such
proceeding (whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise). Nothing in this Indenture will be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize, consent to, accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

Section 7.12. PRIORITIES. 

The Trustee will pay or deliver in the following order any money or other property that it collects pursuant to this Article 7: 

First: to the Trustee and its agents and attorneys for amounts due under Section 10.06,
including payment of all fees and compensation of, and all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by, the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent) and the costs and expenses of collection;

Second: to Holders for unpaid amounts or other property due on the Notes, including the principal of, or the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, Optional Repurchase Price or Redemption Price for, or any interest on, or any Conversion Consideration due upon Conversion of, the Notes, ratably, and without preference or priority of any kind, according to such
amounts or other property due and payable on all of the Notes; and 

Third: to the Company or such other Person as a
court of competent jurisdiction directs. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment or delivery to the Holders
pursuant to this Section 7.12, in which case the Trustee will instruct the Company to, and the Company will, deliver, at least fifteen (15) calendar days before such record date, to each Holder and the Trustee a notice
stating such record date, such payment date and the amount of such payment or nature of such delivery, as applicable. 

Section 7.13.
UNDERTAKINGFOR COSTS. 

In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this
Indenture or the Notes or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court, in its discretion, may (A) require the filing by any litigant party in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such
suit; and (B) assess reasonable costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) against any litigant party in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such litigant party; provided,
however, that this Section 7.13 does not apply to any suit by the Trustee, any suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 7.09 or any suit by one or more Holders of more than ten percent (10%) in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 

- 79 - 

Article 8. AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTS AND WAIVERS 

Section 8.01. WITHOUTTHE CONSENTOF HOLDERS. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.02, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this
Indenture or the Notes without the consent of any Holder to: 

(A) cure any ambiguity or correct any omission, defect or inconsistency in
this Indenture or the Notes; 

(B) add guarantees with respect to the Companys obligations under this Indenture or the Notes; 

(C) secure the Notes; 

(D) add to
the Companys covenants or Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred on the Company; 

(E) provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations under this Indenture and the Notes pursuant to, and in compliance with,
Article 6; 

(F) enter into supplemental indentures pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 5.09 in
connection with a Class A Common Stock Change Event; 

(G) irrevocably elect or eliminate any Settlement Method or Specified Dollar
Amount; provided, however, that no such election or elimination will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to Section 5.03(A); 

(H) evidence or provide for the acceptance of the appointment, under this Indenture, of a successor Trustee; 

(I) conform the provisions of this Indenture and the Notes to the Description of Notes section of the Companys preliminary
offering memorandum, dated February 18, 2025, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet, dated February 19, 2025; 

(J)
provide for or confirm the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to Section 2.03(B); 

(K) comply with any
requirement of the SEC in connection with any qualification of this Indenture, or any related supplemental indenture, under the Trust Indenture Act, as then in effect; or 

(L) make any other change to this Indenture or the Notes that does not, individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes, adversely
affect the rights of the Holders, as such, in any material respect, as determined by the Company in good faith. 

- 80 - 

At the written request of any Holder of a Note or owner of a beneficial interest in a Global
Note, the Company will provide a copy of the Description of Notes section and pricing term sheet referred to in Section 8.01(I). 

Section 8.02. WITHTHE CONSENTOF HOLDERS. 

(A) Generally. Subject to Sections 8.01, 7.05 and 7.09 and the immediately following sentence, the Company and the
Trustee may, with the consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, amend or supplement this Indenture or the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of this Indenture or the Notes.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence, but subject to Section 8.01, without the consent of each affected Holder, no amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of any
provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may: 

(i) reduce the principal, or change the stated maturity, of any Note; 

(ii) reduce the Redemption Price, Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Optional Repurchase Price for any Note or change the
times at which, or the circumstances under which, the Notes may or will be redeemed or repurchased by the Company; 

(iii)
reduce the rate, or extend the time for the payment, of Special Interest or Additional Interest on any Note; 

(iv) make any
change that adversely affects the Conversion rights of any Note; 

(v) impair the rights of any Holder set forth in
Section 7.09 (as such section is in effect on the Issue Date); 

(vi) change the ranking of the
Notes; 

(vii) make any Note payable in money, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in this Indenture or the
Note; 

(viii) reduce the amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to any amendment, supplement, waiver or other
modification; or 

(ix) make any direct or indirect change to any amendment, supplement, waiver or modification provision of
this Indenture or the Notes that requires the consent of each affected Holder. 

For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to clauses(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section 8.02(A), no amendment or supplement to this Indenture or the Notes, or waiver of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes, may (except as
expressly provided otherwise in this Indenture or the Notes) change the type or reduce the amount of consideration due on any Note (whether on an Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, Optional Repurchase Date or
the Maturity Date or upon Conversion, or otherwise), or the date(s) or time(s) such consideration is payable or deliverable, as applicable, without the consent of each affected Holder. 

- 81 - 

(B) Holders Need Not Approve the Particular Form of any Amendment. A consent of any
Holder pursuant to this Section 8.02 need approve only the substance, and not necessarily the particular form, of the proposed amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.03. NOTICEOF AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTSAND WAIVERS.

As soon as reasonably practicable after any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to Section 8.01 or 8.02
becomes effective, the Company will send to the Holders and the Trustee notice that (A) describes the substance of such amendment, supplement or waiver in reasonable detail and (B) states the effective date thereof; provided,
however, that the Company will not be required to provide such notice to the Holders if such amendment, supplement or waiver is included in a periodic report filed by the Company with the SEC within four (4) Business Days of its
effectiveness. The failure to send, or the existence of any defect in, such notice will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.04. REVOCATION, EFFECTAND SOLICITATIONOF
CONSENTS; SPECIAL RECORD DATES; ETC. 

(A) Revocation and
Effect of Consents. The consent of a Holder of a Note to an amendment, supplement or waiver will bind (and constitute the consent of) each subsequent Holder of any Note to the extent the same evidences any portion of the same indebtedness as the
consenting Holders Note, subject to the right of any Holder of a Note to revoke (if not prohibited pursuant to Section 8.04(B)) any such consent with respect to such Note by delivering notice of revocation to the
Trustee before the time such amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. 

(B) Special Record Dates. The Company may, but is
not required to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent or take any other action in connection with any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8. If a record date is fixed, then,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.04(A), only Persons who are Holders as of such record date (or their duly designated proxies) will be entitled to give such consent, to revoke any consent previously
given or to take any such action, regardless of whether such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date; provided, however, that no such consent will be valid or effective for more than one hundred and twenty
(120) calendar days after such record date. 

(C) Solicitation of Consents. For the avoidance of doubt, each reference in this
Indenture or the Notes to the consent of a Holder will be deemed to include any such consent obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, any Notes. 

(D) Effectiveness and Binding Effect. Each amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 8 will become effective in
accordance with its terms and, when it becomes effective with respect to any Note (or any portion thereof), will thereafter bind every Holder of such Note (or such portion). 

- 82 - 

Section 8.05. NOTATIONSAND EXCHANGES. 

If any amendment, supplement or waiver changes the terms of a Note, then the Trustee or the Company may, in its discretion, require the Holder
of such Note to deliver such Note to the Trustee so that the Trustee may place an appropriate notation prepared by the Company on such Note and return such Note to such Holder. Alternatively, at its discretion, the Company may, in exchange for such
Note, issue, execute and deliver, and the Trustee will authenticate, in each case in accordance with Section 2.02, a new Note that reflects the changed terms. The failure to make any appropriate notation or issue a new Note
pursuant to this Section 8.05 will not impair or affect the validity of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 8.06. TRUSTEETO EXECUTE SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES. 

The Trustee will execute and deliver any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized pursuant to this Article 8; provided,
however, that the Trustee need not (but may, in its sole and absolute discretion) execute or deliver any such amendment or supplemental indenture that the Trustee concludes adversely affects the Trustees rights, duties, liabilities or
immunities. In executing any amendment or supplemental indenture, the Trustee will be entitled to receive, and (subject to Sections10.01 and 10.02) will be fully protected in relying on, an Officers Certificate and an
Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the execution and delivery of such amendment or supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture; and (B) in the case of the Opinion of Counsel, such amendment or supplemental
indenture is valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

Article 9. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 9.01. TERMINATIONOF COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS. 

This Indenture will be discharged, and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes issued under this Indenture, when: 

(A) all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.13) have (i) been delivered to
the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) become due and payable (whether on a Redemption Date, a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Optional Repurchase Date, the Maturity Date, upon Conversion or otherwise) for an amount of cash or Conversion
Consideration, as applicable, that has been fixed; 

(B) the Company has caused there to be irrevocably deposited with the Trustee, or with
the Paying Agent (or, with respect to Conversion Consideration, the Conversion Agent), in each case for the benefit of the Holders, or has otherwise caused there to be delivered to the Holders, cash (or, with respect to Notes to be Converted,
Conversion Consideration) sufficient to satisfy all amounts or other property due on all Notes then outstanding (other than Notes replaced pursuant to Section 2.13); 

(C) the Company has paid all other amounts payable by it under this Indenture; and 

(D) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that the conditions
precedent to the discharge of this Indenture have been satisfied; 

- 83 - 

provided, however, that Article 10 and Section 11.01 will
survive such discharge and, until no Notes remain outstanding, Section 2.15 and the obligations of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent with respect to money or other property deposited with them will
survive such discharge. 

At the Companys request, the Trustee will acknowledge the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

Section 9.02. REPAYMENTTO COMPANY. 

Subject to applicable unclaimed property law, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will promptly notify the Company if there
exists (and, at the Companys request, promptly deliver to the Company) any cash, Conversion Consideration or other property held by any of them for payment or delivery on the Notes that remain unclaimed two (2) years after the date on
which such payment or delivery was due. After such delivery to the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent will have no further liability to any Holder with respect to such cash, Conversion Consideration or other property,
and Holders entitled to the payment or delivery of such cash, Conversion Consideration or other property must look to the Company for payment as a general creditor of the Company. 

Section 9.03. REINSTATEMENT. 

If the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent is unable to apply any cash or other property deposited with it pursuant to
Section 9.01 because of any legal proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or other governmental authority that enjoins, restrains or otherwise prohibits such application, then the discharge of this Indenture
pursuant to Section 9.01 will be rescinded; provided, however, that if the Company thereafter pays or delivers any cash or other property due on the Notes to the Holders thereof, then the Company will be
subrogated to the rights of such Holders to receive such cash or other property from the cash or other property, if any, held by the Trustee, the Paying Agent or the Conversion Agent, as applicable. 

Article 10. TRUSTEE 

Section 10.01. DUTIESOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has written notice or actual knowledge of
the same, then, without limiting the generality of Section 10.02(F), the Trustee will exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a
prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(B) Except during the
continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of
this Indenture, and the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

- 84 - 

(ii) in the absence of bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, the
Trustee may, without investigation, conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel that are provided to the Trustee and conform to
the requirements of this Indenture; provided, however, that the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(C) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its negligence or willful misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph will not limit the effect of Section 10.01(B); 

(ii) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved
that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(iii) the Trustee will not be liable with respect
to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 7.07. 

(D) No provision of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or incur any liability. 

(E) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it, except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Company. Money
held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds, except to the extent required by law. 

(F) The Trustee will not be
liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Notes. 

(G) Each provision of this Indenture that in any way relates
to the Trustee (including any provision that affects the liability of, or affords protection to, the Trustee) is subject to this Section 10.01, regardless of whether such provision so expressly provides. 

Section 10.02. RIGHTSOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) The Trustee may conclusively rely on any document that it believes to be genuine and signed or presented by the proper Person, and the
Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in such document. 

(B) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may
require an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult
with counsel; and the written advice of such counsel, or any Opinion of Counsel, will constitute full and complete authorization of the Trustee to take or omit to take any action in good faith in reliance thereon without liability. 

- 85 - 

(C) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the
misconduct or negligence of any such agent appointed with due care. 

(D) The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to
take in good faith and that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture. 

(E) Unless
otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Company will be sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Company. 

(F) The Trustee need not exercise any rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any Holder unless such
Holder has offered (and, if requested, provided) the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense that it may incur in complying with such request or direction. 

(G) The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage (including lost profits),
even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(H) The permissive
rights of the Trustee set forth in this Indenture will not be construed as duties imposed on the Trustee. 

(I) The Trustee will not be
required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution or performance of this Indenture or otherwise. 

(J) Unless a Responsible
Officer of the Trustee has received notice from the Company that Special Interest or Additional Interest is owing or accruing, on the Notes, the Trustee may assume that no Special Interest or Additional Interest, as applicable, is payable or
accruing. 

(K) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including its right to be indemnified,
are extended to, and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture, including as Note Agent. 

(L) The
Trustee will not be charged with knowledge of any document or agreement other than this Indenture and the Notes. 

(M) Neither the Trustee
nor any Note Agent will have any responsibility or liability to any person for any action taken or not taken by, or any records or any other aspect of the operations of, the Depositary (including the delivery of notices, or the making of payments,
through the facilities of the Depositary) and may conclusively rely, without investigation, on any information provided by the Depositary. 

Section 10.03. INDIVIDUAL RIGHTSOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

The Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of any Note and may otherwise deal with the Company or
any of its Affiliates with the same rights that it would have if it were not Trustee; provided, however, that if the Trustee acquires a conflicting interest (within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture
Act), then it must eliminate such conflict within ninety (90) days or resign as Trustee. Each Note Agent will have the same rights and duties as the Trustee under this Section 10.03. 

- 86 - 

Section 10.04. TRUSTEES DISCLAIMER. 

The Trustee will not be (A) responsible for, and makes no representation as to, the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Notes;
(B) accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Company or upon the Companys direction under any provision of this Indenture; (C) responsible for the use or application of any money
received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee; and (D) responsible for any statement or recital in this Indenture, the Notes or any other document relating to the sale of the Notes or this Indenture, other than the Trustees
certificate of authentication. 

Section 10.05. NOTICEOF DEFAULTS. 

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, then the Trustee will
send Holders a notice of such Default or Event of Default within ninety (90) days after it occurs or, if it is not actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at such time, promptly (and in any event within ten (10) Business
Days) after it becomes actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee; provided, however, that, except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of, or interest, if any, on, any Note, the
Trustee may withhold such notice if and for so long as it in good faith determines that withholding such notice is in the interests of the Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee will not be required to deliver such notice at any time after
such Default or Event of Default is cured or waived. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless (A) written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer; and
(B) such notice references the Notes and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default has occurred. 

Section 10.06. COMPENSATIONAND INDEMNITY. 

(A) The Company will, from time to time, pay the Trustee reasonable compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services under this
Indenture as separately agreed to by the Company and the Trustee. The Trustees compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. In addition to the compensation for the Trustees services, the
Company will reimburse the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it under this Indenture, including the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees
agents and counsel. 

(B) The Company will indemnify the Trustee (in each of its capacities under this Indenture) and its directors,
officers, employees and agents, in their capacities as such, against any and all losses, liabilities or expenses incurred by it arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties under this Indenture, including the
costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Company (including this Section 10.06) and defending itself against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, any Holder or any other Person) or

- 87 - 

liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties under this Indenture, except to the extent any such loss, liability or expense is attributable (as
determined by a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction) to its negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee will promptly notify the Company of any claim for which it may seek indemnity, but the Trustees failure to so notify the
Company will not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Section 10.06(B), except to the extent the Company is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Company will defend such claim, and the Trustee will
cooperate in such defense. If the Trustee is advised by counsel that it may have defenses available to it that are in conflict with the defenses available to the Company, or that there is an actual or potential conflict of interest, then the Trustee
may retain separate counsel, and the Company will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Trustee incurred in evaluating whether such a conflict exists). The Company need not
pay for any settlement of any such claim made without its consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

(C) The obligations of
the Company under this Section 10.06 will survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the discharge of this Indenture. 

(D) To secure the Companys payment obligations in this Section 10.06, the Trustee will have a lien prior to the
Notes on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except that held in trust to pay principal of, or interest, if any, on, particular Notes, which lien will survive the discharge of this Indenture. 

(E) If the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default pursuant to clause(viii) or (ix) of
Section 7.01(A) occurs, then such expenses and the compensation for such services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 10.07. REPLACEMENTOFTHE TRUSTEE. 

(A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.07, a resignation or removal of the Trustee, and the
appointment of a successor Trustee, will become effective only upon such successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 10.07. 

(B) The Trustee may resign at any time and be discharged from the trust created by this Indenture by so notifying the Company. The Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Company in writing. The Company may remove the Trustee if: 

(i) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 10.09; 

(ii) the Trustee is adjudged to be bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under
any Bankruptcy Law; 

(iii) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or 

(iv) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

- 88 - 

(C) If the Trustee resigns or is removed, or if a vacancy exists in the office of the
Trustee for any reason, then (i) the Company will promptly appoint a successor Trustee; and (ii) at any time within one (1) year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
Notes then outstanding may appoint a successor Trustee to replace such successor Trustee appointed by the Company. 

(D) If a successor
Trustee does not take office within sixty (60) days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, then the retiring Trustee, the Company or the Holders of at least ten percent (10%) in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

(E) If the Trustee, after written
request by a Holder of at least six (6) months, fails to comply with Section 10.09, then such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor
Trustee. 

(F) A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company, upon
which notice the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will send notice of its succession
to Holders. The retiring Trustee will, upon payment of all amounts due to it under this Indenture, promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, which property will, for the avoidance of doubt, be subject to the lien
provided for in Section 10.06(D). 

Section 10.08. SUCCESSOR TRUSTEEBY
MERGER, ETC. 

Any entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be
consolidated, or any entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee is a party, or any entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, will (without the execution or
filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Indenture) be the successor of the Trustee under this Indenture, provided that such entity is otherwise qualified and eligible to act as such under this
Article 10. 

Section 10.09. ELIGIBILITY; DISQUALIFICATION. 

There will at all times be a Trustee under this Indenture that is a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United
States of America or of any state thereof, that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and that has a combined capital and surplus of at least
$100.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Article 11. MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 11.01. NOTICES. 

Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other will be deemed to have been duly given if in writing and delivered in
person or by first class mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured electronic communication or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery,
or to the others address, which initially is as follows: 

- 89 - 

If to the Company: 

MicroStrategy Incorporated 

1850
Towers Crescent Plaza 

Tysons Corner, Virginia 22182 

Attention: General Counsel 

with
a copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Latham & Watkins LLP 

1271 Avenue of the Americas 

New
York, New York 10020 

Attention: Greg Rodgers and Brittany Ruiz 

If to the Trustee: 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

West Side Flats St Paul 

111 Fillmore Ave E 

Saint Paul,
Minnesota 55107 | EP-MN-WS3C

Attention: J. Hahn
(MicroStrategy Incorporated Administrator) 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, notices to the Trustee
(other than a notice pursuant to Section 2.12) or any Note Agent must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given upon actual receipt by the Trustee or such Note Agent, as applicable. 

The Company or the Trustee, by notice to the other, may designate additional or different addresses (including facsimile numbers and
electronic addresses) for subsequent notices or communications. 

The Trustee will not have any duty to confirm that the person sending any
notice, instruction or other communication by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic
signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature
provider acceptable to the Trustee) will be deemed original signatures for all purposes. Any person that uses electronic signatures or electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee assumes all risks arising out of such use, including the
risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, the Trustee may, in any instance and in its sole discretion, require
that an original document bearing a manual signature be delivered to the Trustee in lieu of, or in addition to, any such electronic communication. 

- 90 - 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) will be deemed to have
been duly given: (A) at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; (B) five (5) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; (C) when receipt is acknowledged, if transmitted by facsimile,
electronic transmission or other similar means of unsecured electronic communication; and (D) the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery. 

All notices or communications required to be made to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture must be made in writing and will be deemed to be duly
sent or given in writing if mailed by first class mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to its address shown on the Register; provided, however, that a
notice or communication to a Holder of a Global Note may, but need not, instead be sent pursuant to the Depositary Procedures (in which case, such notice will be deemed to be duly sent or given in writing). The failure to send a notice or
communication to a Holder, or any defect in such notice or communication, will not affect its sufficiency with respect to any other Holder. 

If the Trustee is then acting as the Depositarys custodian for the Notes, then, at the reasonable request of the Company to the Trustee,
the Trustee will cause any notice prepared by the Company to be sent to any Holder(s) pursuant to the Depositary Procedures, provided such request is evidenced in a Company Order delivered, together with the text of such notice, to the
Trustee at least two (2) Business Days before the date such notice is to be so sent. For the avoidance of doubt, such Company Order need not be accompanied by an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee will not have any
liability relating to the contents of any notice that it sends to any Holder pursuant to any such Company Order. 

If a notice or
communication is mailed or sent in the manner provided above within the time prescribed, it will be deemed to have been duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, (A) whenever any provision of this Indenture requires a party to
send notice to another party, no such notice need be sent if the sending party and the recipient are the same Person acting in different capacities (and, for purposes of the interpretation of this Indenture, such notice will be deemed to have been
duly sent at the time otherwise required by this Indenture); and (B) whenever any provision of this Indenture requires a party to send notice to more than one receiving party, and each receiving party is the same Person acting in different
capacities, then only one such notice need be sent to such Person. 

Section 11.02. DELIVERYOF
OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND OPINIONOF COUNSELASTO CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.

Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture (other than the initial
authentication of Notes under this Indenture), the Company will furnish to the Trustee: 

(A) an Officers Certificate that complies
with Section 11.03 and states that, in the opinion of the signatory thereto, all conditions precedent and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to such action have been satisfied; and 

- 91 - 

(B) an Opinion of Counsel that complies with Section 11.03 and
states that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent and covenants, if any, have been satisfied. 

Section 11.03.
STATEMENTS REQUIREDIN OFFICERS CERTIFICATEAND OPINIONOF COUNSEL. 

Each Officers Certificate (other than an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 3.05) or Opinion of
Counsel with respect to compliance with a covenant or condition provided for in this Indenture will include: 

(A) a statement that the
signatory thereto has read such covenant or condition; 

(B) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or
investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained therein are based; 

(C) a statement that, in the opinion of such signatory,
he, she or it has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him, her or it to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been satisfied; and 

(D) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of such signatory, such covenant or condition has been satisfied. 

Section 11.04. RULESBYTHE TRUSTEE, THE REGISTRAR,
THE PAYING AGENTANDTHE CONVERSION AGENT. 

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. Each of the Registrar, the Paying Agent and the Conversion
Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 11.05. NO PERSONAL
LIABILITYOF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEESAND STOCKHOLDERS. 

No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any
obligations of the Company under this Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and
release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

Section 11.06. GOVERNING LAW;
WAIVEROF JURY TRIAL. 

THIS INDENTURE AND THE NOTES, AND ANY CLAIM,
CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES. 

- 92 - 

Section 11.07. SUBMISSIONTO JURISDICTION. 

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated by this Indenture may be
instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York, in each case located in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each
party irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any
applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth in Section 11.01 will be effective service of process for any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court. Each of the Company, the
Trustee and each Holder (by its acceptance of any Note) irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees
not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 11.08. NO
ADVERSE INTERPRETATIONOF OTHER AGREEMENTS. 

Neither this
Indenture nor the Notes may be used to interpret any other indenture, note, loan or debt agreement of the Company or its Subsidiaries or of any other Person, and no such indenture, note, loan or debt agreement may be used to interpret this Indenture
or the Notes. 

Section 11.09. SUCCESSORS. 

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Notes will bind its successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture will
bind its successors. 

Section 11.10. FORCE MAJEURE. 

The Trustee and each Note Agent will not incur any liability for not performing any act or fulfilling any duty, obligation or responsibility
under this Indenture or the Notes by reason of any occurrence beyond its control (including any act or provision of any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, act of God or war, civil unrest, local or national disturbance or
disaster, act of terrorism or unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility). 

Section 11.11. U.S.A. PATRIOT ACT. 

The Company acknowledges that, in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions, in
order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The Company
agrees to provide the Trustee with such information as it may request to enable the Trustee to comply with the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act. 

- 93 - 

Section 11.12. CALCULATIONS. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the Company will be responsible for making all calculations called for under this Indenture or
the Notes, including determinations of the Last Reported Sale Price, the Daily Conversion Value, the Daily Cash Amount, the Daily Share Amount, the Daily VWAP, the Trading Price, accrued interest on the Notes, the Redemption Price, the Optional
Repurchase Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and the Conversion Rate. 

The Company will make all calculations in good faith,
and, absent manifest error, its calculations will be final and binding on all Holders. The Company will provide a schedule of its calculations to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent, and each of the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may rely
conclusively on the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will promptly forward a copy of each such schedule to a Holder upon its written request therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee
will not be obligated to make or confirm any calculations or other amounts called for under this Indenture or the Notes. 

Section 11.13.
SEVERABILITY. 

If any provision of this Indenture or the Notes is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Indenture or the Notes will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 11.14. COUNTERPARTS. 

The parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy will be an original, and all of them together represent the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Indenture by facsimile, electronically in portable document format or in any other format will be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 

Section 11.15. TABLEOF CONTENTS, HEADINGS, ETC. 

The table of contents and the headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are
not to be considered a part of this Indenture and will in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions of this Indenture. 

- 94 - 

Section 11.16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 

Each Holder of a Note agrees, and each beneficial owner of an interest in a Global Note, by its acquisition of such interest, is deemed to
agree, that if the Company or other applicable withholding agent (including the Trustee) pays withholding taxes or backup withholding on behalf of such Holder or beneficial owner as a result of an adjustment or the
non-occurrence of an adjustment to the Conversion Rate, then the Company or such withholding agent, as applicable, may, at its option, set off such payments against payments of cash or the delivery of other
Conversion Consideration on such Note, any payments on the Class A Common Stock or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, such Holder or the beneficial owner of such Note. 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

- 95 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties to this Indenture have caused this Indenture to be
duly executed as of the date first written above. 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

By: 

/s/ Andrew Kang

Name: Andrew Kang

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[Insert
Global Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Restricted Note Legend, if applicable] 

[Insert Non-Affiliate Legend] 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

CUSIP No.: [___][Insert for a restricted CUSIP number: *] Certificate No. [___]

ISIN No.: [___][Insert for a restricted ISIN number: *] 

MicroStrategy Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, for value received, promises to pay to [Cede &
Co.], or its registered assigns, the principal sum of [___] dollars ($[___]) [(as revised by the attached Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note)] on March 1, 2030 and, to the
extent applicable, to pay Special Interest and Additional Interest thereon, as provided in the Indenture referred to below, until the principal and all accrued and unpaid interest are paid or duly provided for. 

Interest Payment Dates: March 1 and September 1 of each year.

Interest Record Dates: February 15 and August 15.

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this Note. 

[The Remainder of This Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows] 

* 

This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [___] and ISIN No. [___] from and after such time when
the Company delivers, pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the deemed removal of the Restricted Note Legend affixed to this Note. 

Insert bracketed language for Global Notes only. 

A-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MicroStrategy Incorporated has caused this instrument to be duly
executed as of the date set forth below. 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED

Date: _______________________ By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: _____________________ By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-3 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of MicroStrategy Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company),
designated as its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), all issued or to be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of February 21, 2025 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the
Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Capitalized terms used in this Note without definition have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Indenture. 

The Indenture sets forth the rights and obligations of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders and the terms of the Notes. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Note, to the extent that any provision of this Note conflicts with the provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture will control. 

1. Interest. This Note will not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of this Note will not accrete. Special Interest and
Additional Interest will accrue on this Note in the circumstances, at the rates, and be payable on the dates, and in the manner, set forth in Sections 2.05, 7.03 and 3.04 of the Indenture. 

2. Maturity. This Note will mature on March 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or Converted. 

3. Method of Payment. Cash amounts due on this Note will be paid in the manner set forth in Section 2.04 of the Indenture. 

4. Persons Deemed Owners. The Holder of this Note will be treated as the owner of this Note for all purposes. 

5. Denominations; Transfers and Exchanges. All Notes will be in registered form, without coupons, in principal amounts equal to any
Authorized Denominations. Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Holder of this Note may transfer or exchange this Note by presenting it to the Registrar and delivering any required documentation or other materials. 

6. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes Upon a Fundamental Change. If a Fundamental Change (other than an
Exempted Fundamental Change) occurs, then each Holder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set
forth in Section 4.02 of the Indenture. 

7. Right of Holders to Require the Company to Repurchase Notes on the Optional Repurchase
Date. Each Holder will have the right to require the Company to repurchase such Holders Notes (or any portion thereof in an Authorized Denomination) on the Optional Repurchase Date for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set
forth in Section 4.03 of the Indenture. 

A-4 

8. Right of the Company to Redeem the Notes. The Company will have the right to
redeem the Notes for cash in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 4.04 of the Indenture. 

9. Conversion.
The Holder of this Note may Convert this Note into Conversion Consideration in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Article 5 of the Indenture. 

10. When the Company May Merge, Etc. Article 6 of the Indenture places limited restrictions on the Companys ability to be a party
to a Business Combination Event. 

11. Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs, then the principal amount of, and all
accrued and unpaid Special Interest and Additional Interest, if any, on, all of the Notes then outstanding may (and, in certain circumstances, will automatically) become due and payable in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Article 7
of the Indenture. 

12. Amendments, Supplements and Waivers. The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or
the Notes or waive compliance with any provision of the Indenture or the Notes in the manner, and subject to the terms, set forth in Section 7.05 and Article 8 of the Indenture. 

13. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No past, present or future director, officer, employee,
incorporator or stockholder of the Company, as such, will have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Indenture or the Notes or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By
accepting any Note, each Holder waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes. 

14. Authentication. No Note will be valid until it is authenticated by the Trustee. A Note will be deemed to be duly authenticated only
when an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or a duly appointed authenticating agent) manually signs the certificate of authentication of such Note. 

15. Abbreviations. Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or its assignee, such as TEN COM (tenants in common),
TEN ENT (tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (custodian), and U/G/M/A (Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 

16. Governing Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

* * * 

A-5 

To request a copy of the Indenture, which the Company will provide to any Holder at no
charge, please send a written request to the following address: 

MicroStrategy Incorporated 

1850 Towers Crescent Plaza 

Tysons
Corner, Virginia 22182 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

A-6 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE*

INITIAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE: $[___] 

The following exchanges, transfers or cancellations of this Global Note have been made: 

Date 

Amount of Increase

(Decrease) in

Principal
Amount of

this Global Note 

Principal Amount of

this Global Note

After Such
Increase

(Decrease) 

Signature of

Authorized

Signatory of
Trustee

* 

Insert for Global Notes only. 

A-7 

CONVERSION NOTICE 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Conversion Notice, the undersigned Holder of
the Note identified below directs the Company to Convert (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate
principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. and
Certificate No.. 

The undersigned acknowledges that if the Conversion Date of a Note
to be Converted is after an Interest Record Date and before the next Interest Payment Date, then such Note, when surrendered for Conversion, must, in certain circumstances, be accompanied with an amount of cash equal to the Special Interest and
Additional Interest, if any, that would have accrued on such Note to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date. 

Date: ___________________ 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-8 

FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, the
undersigned Holder of the Note identified below is exercising its Fundamental Change Repurchase Right with respect to (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate
principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. and
Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that this Note, duly endorsed for
transfer, must be delivered to the Paying Agent before the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price will be paid. 

Date: ___________________ 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-9 

OPTIONAL REPURCHASE NOTICE 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, by executing and delivering this Optional Repurchase Notice, the undersigned
Holder of the Note identified below is exercising its Optional Repurchase Right with respect to (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$* aggregate
principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No.and
Certificate No. . 

The undersigned acknowledges that this Note, duly endorsed for
transfer, must be delivered to the Paying Agent before the Optional Repurchase Price will be paid. 

Date: ___________________ 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-10 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

MICROSTRATEGY INCORPORATED 

0%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

Subject to the terms of the Indenture, the undersigned Holder of the Note identified below assigns (check one): 

the entire principal amount of 

$*
aggregate principal amount of 

the Note identified by CUSIP No. 
and Certificate No. , and all rights thereunder, to: 

Name: 

Address: 

Social security or tax id. #: 

and irrevocably appoints: 

as agent to transfer the within Note on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him/her.

Date: ___________________ 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program

By: 

Authorized Signatory

* 

Must be an Authorized Denomination. 

A-11 

TRANSFEROR ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

If the within Note bears a Restricted Note Legend, the undersigned further certifies that (check one): 

1. 

Such Transfer is being made to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. 

2. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, a registration statement that is effective
under the Securities Act at the time of the Transfer. 

3. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and,
accordingly, the undersigned further certifies that the within Note is being transferred to a Person that the undersigned reasonably believes is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which such
Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a Person reasonably believed to be a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act in a transaction meeting
the requirements of Rule 144A. If this item is checked, then the transferee must complete and execute the acknowledgment contained on the next page. 

4. 

Such Transfer is being made pursuant to, and in accordance with, any other available exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act (including, if available, the exemption provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act). 

Dated: 

(Legal Name of Holder)

By: 

Name:

Title:

Signature Guaranteed:

(Participant in a Recognized Signature

Guarantee Medallion Program)

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-12 

TRANSFEREE ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

The undersigned represents that it is purchasing the within Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts with respect to which the undersigned
exercises sole investment discretion, and that and the undersigned and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The undersigned acknowledges that the transferor is
relying, in transferring the within Note, on the exemption from the registration and prospectus-delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Rule 144A and that the undersigned has received such information regarding
the Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A. 

Dated: 

(Name of Transferee)

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-13 

EXHIBIT B-1

FORM OF RESTRICTED NOTE LEGEND 

THE OFFER
AND SALE OF THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE OFFERED,
SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) 

REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT; AND 

(2) 

AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS NOTE OR ANY
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, EXCEPT ONLY: 

(A) 

TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF; 

(B) 

PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; 

(C) 

TO A PERSON REASONABLY BELIEVED TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT; 

(D) 

PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; OR 

(E) 

PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
SECURITIES ACT. 

BEFORE THE REGISTRATION OF ANY SALE OR TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH (2)(C), (D) OR (E) ABOVE, THE COMPANY, THE
TRUSTEE AND THE REGISTRAR RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH CERTIFICATES OR OTHER DOCUMENTATION OR EVIDENCE AS THEY MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.*

* 

This paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph will be deemed to be removed from the face of this Note
at such time when the Company delivers written notice to the Trustee of such deemed removal pursuant to Section 2.12 of the within-mentioned Indenture. 

B1-1 

EXHIBIT B-2

FORM OF GLOBAL NOTE LEGEND 

THIS IS A
GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, WHICH MAY BE TREATED BY THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND ANY AGENT THEREOF AS THE OWNER AND HOLDER OF
THIS NOTE FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) TO THE
COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREON
IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC, OR
TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE WILL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 2 OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO. 

B2-1 

EXHIBIT B-3

FORM OF NON-AFFILIATE LEGEND 

NO AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OF THE COMPANY OR PERSON THAT HAS BEEN AN AFFILIATE (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) OF THE COMPANY DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THREE MONTHS MAY PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE THIS NOTE OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

B3-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d851880dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Strategy Completes $2 Billion Offering of 0% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2030 

TYSONS CORNER, Va., February 24, 2025 Strategy (Nasdaq: MSTR) today announced that it completed its previously announced offering of its 0%
convertible senior notes due 2030 (the notes). The aggregate principal amount of the notes sold in the offering was $2 billion. The notes were sold in a private offering only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional
buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Strategy also granted to the initial purchasers of the notes an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of five business days
from, and including, the date on which the notes were first issued, up to an additional $300 million aggregate principal amount of notes. 

The notes are
senior, unsecured obligations of Strategy. The notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the notes does not accrete. The notes will mature on March 1, 2030, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before
December 3, 2029, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after December 3, 2029, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of
business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. Strategy will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its class A
common stock, at Strategys election. The initial conversion rate is 2.3072 shares of class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $433.43 per share of class A common
stock. The initial conversion price represents a premium of approximately 35% over the U.S. composite volume weighted average price of Strategys class A common stock from 1:30 p.m. through 4:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 19,
2025, which was $321.0514. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. 

The notes
will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations), for cash at Strategys option at any time, and from time to time, on or after March 5, 2027 and on or before the 20th scheduled trading day immediately before the
maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of Strategys class A common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price for a specified period of time and certain other conditions are satisfied. The redemption price will be
equal to the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

If a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture for the notes) occurs, then, subject to a limited exception, noteholders may require Strategy
to repurchase their notes for cash. The repurchase price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date.
Noteholders may require Strategy to repurchase their notes on March 1, 2028, at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special and additional interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the repurchase date. 

The net proceeds from the offering were approximately $1.99 billion, after deducting fees and estimated
expenses. Strategy intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of bitcoin and for working capital. 

The offer and sale of the notes and the shares of Strategys class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the notes, if any, have not been and will
not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and the notes and any such shares may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from such registration
requirements. Any offer of the notes was made only by means of a private offering memorandum. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell,
or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes, nor shall there be any sale of, the notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

About Strategy 

MicroStrategy Incorporated d/b/a Strategy
(Nasdaq: MSTR) is the worlds first and largest Bitcoin Treasury Company. We are a publicly traded company that has adopted Bitcoin as our primary treasury reserve asset. By using proceeds from equity and debt financings, as well as cash flows
from our operations, we strategically accumulate Bitcoin and advocate for its role as digital capital. Our treasury strategy is designed to provide investors varying degrees of economic exposure to Bitcoin by offering a range of securities,
including equity and fixed-income instruments. In addition, we provide industry-leading AI-powered enterprise analytics software, advancing our vision of Intelligence Everywhere. We leverage our development capabilities to explore innovation in
Bitcoin applications, integrating analytics expertise with our commitment to digital asset growth. We believe our combination of operational excellence, strategic Bitcoin reserve, and focus on technological innovation positions us as a leader in
both the digital asset and enterprise analytics sectors, offering a unique opportunity for long-term value creation. 

Strategy, MicroStrategy, and
Intelligence Everywhere are either trademarks or registered trademarks of MicroStrategy Incorporated in the United States and certain other countries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in this press
release about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could,
estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would, and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a
result of various 

important factors, including the uncertainties related to market conditions and the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of Strategys Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025 and the risks described in other filings that Strategy may make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release
speak only as of the date hereof, and Strategy specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Strategy 

Shirish Jajodia 

Corporate Treasurer 

ir@strategy.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mstr-20250221.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mstr-20250221_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mstr-20250221_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 
Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mstr-20250221_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045218.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045503.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045623.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045743.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045863.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g851880g0221222045984.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>g851880g0222234804157.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 21, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name MICROSTRATEGY Inc

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001050446

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 21, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-42509

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0323571

Entity Address, Address Line One 1850 Towers Crescent Plaza

Entity Address, City or Town Tysons Corner

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22182

City Area Code (703)

Local Phone Number 848-8600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol MSTR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol STRK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: mstr_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: mstr_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.microstrategy.com//20250221/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d851880d8k.htm 
mstr-20250221.xsd 
mstr-20250221_def.xml 
mstr-20250221_lab.xml 
mstr-20250221_pre.xml 

g851880g0222234804157.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-032800-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>d851880d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001050446 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

0001050446 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

0001050446 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-02-21 
2025-02-21 

MICROSTRATEGY Inc 
false 
0001050446 
8-K 
2025-02-21 
DE 
001-42509 
51-0323571 
1850 Towers Crescent Plaza 
Tysons Corner 
VA 
22182 
(703) 
848-8600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
MSTR 
NASDAQ 
8.00% Series A Perpetual Strike Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
STRK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>