<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-015683.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-015683.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250220161524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-015683
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250214
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				270863354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40439
		FILM NUMBER:		25645580

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(952) 426-1383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Original Source Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0231612-8ka1_neuroone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

true000150019800015001982025-02-142025-02-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):
February 14, 2025

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40439 27-0863354

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

7599 Anagram Dr., Eden Prairie, MN55344

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code)

952-426-1383

(Registrants telephone number including
area code)

(Registrants former name or former address,
if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share NMTC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE

This Current Report on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Original 8-K) that was filed by NeuroOne Medical Te hnologies Corporation (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025. The Company
is filing this Amendment only to include Item 5.02 to provide information about the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity
Incentive Plan, which was approved by the Companys stockholders at the annual meeting of the stockholders held on February 14,
2025, as disclosed in Item 5.07 of the Original 8-K, and to file the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
and NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Option Grant Agreement
as exhibits hereto. This Amendment amends and restates the Original 8-K in its entirety.

Item 5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 10, 2025, the Board
of Directors (the Board) of the Company adopted the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2025 Plan). On February 14, 2025, at the Annual Meeting (as defined below), the stockholders of the Company approved
the 2025 Plan.

Awards. The 2025 Plan provides for the
grant of incentive stock options (ISOs), nonstatutory stock options (NSOs), stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance awards and other forms of awards to employees, directors and consultants.

Authorized Shares. Initially, the maximum
number of shares of the Companys Common Stock (the Common Stock), that may be issued under the 2025 Plan may not
exceed (1) 3,000,000 and (2) any shares subject to outstanding stock awards under the NeuroOne Medical Technologies 2017 Equity Incentive
Plan that are forfeited or otherwise returned to the share reserve. The maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued on
the exercise of ISOs under the 2025 Plan is 3,000,000.

Shares subject to stock awards granted under the
2025 Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full or that are paid out in cash rather than in shares do not reduce the
number of shares available for issuance under the 2025 Plan. Shares withheld under a stock award to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase
price of a stock award or to satisfy a tax withholding obligation do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the
2025 Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a stock award are forfeited back to or repurchased or reacquired by the Company
(1) because of a failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares; (2) to satisfy the exercise, strike
or purchase price of an award; or (3) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award, the shares that are forfeited
or repurchased or reacquired will revert to and again become available for issuance under the 2025 Plan.

Plan Administration. The Board, or a duly
authorized committee of the Board, will administer the 2025 Plan and is referred to as the plan administrator. The Board
has determined that the Compensation Committee will be the plan administrator. The Board may also delegate to one or more of the Companys
officers the authority to: (1) designate employees (other than officers) to receive specified stock awards; and (2) determine the number
of shares subject to such stock awards. Under the 2025 Plan, the Board has the authority to determine award recipients, grant dates, the
numbers and types of stock awards to be granted, the applicable fair market value, and the provisions of each stock award, including the
period of exercisability and the vesting schedule applicable to a stock award.

Under the 2025 Plan, the Board also generally
has the authority to effect, with the consent of any materially adversely affected participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase,
or strike price of any outstanding option or stock appreciation right; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding option or stock appreciation
right and the grant in substitution therefore of other awards, cash, or other consideration; or (C) any other action that is treated as
a repricing under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Stock Options. ISOs and NSOs are granted
under stock option agreements adopted by the plan administrator. The plan administrator determines the exercise price for stock options,
within the terms and conditions of the 2025 Plan; provided that the exercise price of a stock option generally cannot be less than 100%
of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2025 Plan vest at the rate specified in the stock
option agreement as determined by the plan administrator.

1

The plan administrator determines the term of
stock options granted under the 2025 Plan, up to a maximum of 10 years. Unless the terms of an optionholders stock option agreement
provide otherwise, if an optionholders service relationship with the Company ceases for any reason other than disability, death,
or cause, the optionholder may generally exercise any vested options for a period of three months following the cessation of service.
This period may be extended in the event that exercise of the option is prohibited by applicable securities laws. If an optionholders
service relationship with the Company or any of its affiliates ceases due to death, or an optionholder dies within a certain period following
cessation of service, the optionholder or a beneficiary may generally exercise any vested options for a period of 18 months following
the date of death. If an optionholders service relationship with the Company ceases due to disability, the optionholder may generally
exercise any vested options for a period of 12 months following the cessation of service. In the event of a termination for cause, options
generally terminate upon the termination date. In no event may an option be exercised beyond the expiration of its term.

Acceptable consideration for the purchase of common
stock issued upon the exercise of a stock option will be determined by the plan administrator and may include: (1) cash, check, bank draft
or money order: (2) a broker-assisted cashless exercise; (3) the tender of shares of Common Stock previously owned by the optionholder;
(4) a net exercise of the option if it is an NSO; or (5) other legal consideration approved by the plan administrator. Unless the plan
administrator provides otherwise, options or stock appreciation rights generally are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent
and distribution. Subject to approval of the plan administrator or a duly authorized officer, an option may be transferred pursuant to
a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement, or other divorce or separation instrument.

Tax Limitations on ISOs. The aggregate
fair market value, determined at the time of grant, of Common Stock with respect to ISOs that are exercisable for the first time by an
award holder during any calendar year under all of the Companys stock plans may not exceed $100,000. Options or portions thereof
that exceed such limit will generally be treated as NSOs. No ISO may be granted to any person who, at the time of the grant, owns or is
deemed to own stock possessing more than 10% of the Company total combined voting power or that of any of its parent or subsidiary corporations
unless: (1) the option exercise price is at least 110% of the fair market value of the stock subject to the option on the date of grant;
and (2) the term of the ISO does not exceed five years from the date of grant.

Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Restricted
stock unit awards are granted under restricted stock unit awardagreements adopted by the plan administrator. Restricted stock
unit awards may be granted in consideration for anyform of legal consideration that may be acceptable to our Board and permissible
under applicable law. A restrictedstock unit award may be settled by cash, delivery of stock, a combination of cash and stock
as deemed appropriateby the plan administrator, or in any other form of consideration set forth in the restricted stock unit
award agreement.Additionally, dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares covered by a restricted stock unit
award.Except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, restricted stock unit awards that have not vested willbe
forfeited once the participants continuous service ends for any reason.

The foregoing description of the 2025 Plan does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2025 Plan. Copies of the 2025 Plan and
the 2025 Plan Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Option Grant Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively,
and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security
Holders.

At the Companys annual
meeting of the stockholders held on February 14, 2025 (the Annual Meeting), the Companys stockholders (i) elected
one Class II director to the Companys Board of Directors, to serve a three-year term until the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders,
(ii) ratified the appointment of Baker Tilly U.S., LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
year ending September 30, 2025, (iii) approved an amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse
stock split of the Companys outstanding common stock at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-15 to be determined by the Companys
Board of Directors, (iv) approved the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, and (v) authorized one or
more adjournments of the Annual Meeting to solicit additional proxies in the event there are insufficient votes to approve Proposal 3.
Proposals are described in detail in the Companys definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on January 21, 2025, as supplemented on February 5, 2025 and February 7, 2025.

2

A total of 18,117,638 shares
of the Companys common stock were present at the meeting in person or by proxy, which represents approximately 58.7% of the shares
of common stock outstanding as of the record date for the Annual Meeting.

The results of the voting are shown below:

Proposal 1Election of Directors

Class II Nominee Votes For Votes Withheld Broker Non-Votes

David Rosa 11,724,206 381,677 6,011,755

Proposal 2Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstain

18,080,780 7,381 29,477

Proposal 3Approval of an Amendment to the Companys
Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the Companys outstanding common stock at a ratio in the range of
1-for-2 to 1-for-15, to be determined at the discretion of the Companys Board of Directors

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstain

16,176,833 1,732,603 208,200

Proposal 4Approval of the NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstain Broker Non-Votes

10,595,402 1,473,888 38,111 6,010,237

Proposal 5Authorization of One or More Adjournments of
the Annual Meeting to solicit additional proxies in the event there are insufficient votes to approve Proposal 3

Votes For Votes Against Votes Abstain

16,811,725 1,270,013 35,899

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

10.2 NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement

10.3 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan Form of Option Grant Agreement

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with Inline
XBRL document). 

3

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

Dated: February 20, 2025 

By: /s/ David Rosa

David Rosa

Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023161201ex10-1_neuroone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

ADOPTED
BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: January 10, 2025

APPROVED BY THE STOCKHOLDERS: February 14, 2025

1.
GENERAL.

(a)
Successor to and Continuation of Prior Plans. The Plan is the successor to and continuation of the Prior Plans. As of the Effective
Date, (i) no additional awards may be granted under the Prior Plans; (ii) any Returning Shares will become available for issuance pursuant
to Awards granted under this Plan; and (iii) all outstanding awards granted under the Prior Plans will remain subject to the terms of
the Prior Plans (except to the extent such outstanding awards result in Returning Shares that become available for issuance pursuant
to Awards granted under this Plan). All Awards granted under this Plan will be subject to the terms of this Plan.

(b)
Plan Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants,
to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means
by which such persons may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards.

(c)
Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options; (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options;
(iii) SARs; (iv) Restricted Stock Awards; (v) RSU Awards; (vi) Performance Awards; and (vii) Other Awards.

(d)
Adoption Date; Effective Date. The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective
Date.

2.
SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

(a)
Share Reserve. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization
Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed the sum of (i) 3,000,000
shares, plus (ii) the number of Returning Shares, if any, as such shares become available from time to time.

(b)
Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments
as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant
to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is 3,000,000 shares.

(c)
Share Reserve Operation.

(i)
Limit Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards. For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common
Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at
all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy its obligations to issue shares pursuant to such Awards.
Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed
Company Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the
number of shares available for issuance under the Plan.

(ii)
Actions that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an
issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance
under the Plan: (1) the expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award
having been issued; (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash (i.e., the Participant receives cash rather than Common
Stock); (3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price
of an Award; or (4) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in
connection with an Award. 

(iii)
Reversion of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant
to an Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available
for issuance under the Plan: (1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency
or condition required for the vesting of such shares; (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike
or purchase price of an Award; and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection
with an Award.

3.
ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS.

(a)
Eligible Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.

(b)
Specific Award Limitations.

(i)
Limitations on Incentive Stock Option Recipients. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent
corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code).

(ii)
Incentive Stock Option $100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant)
of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar
year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise
does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to
the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding
any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).

(iii)
Limitations on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive
Stock Option unless (i) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option
and (ii) the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option.

(iv)
Limitations on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs. Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors
and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule
405) unless the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards
are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution
requirements of Section 409A.

(c)
Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b).

(d)
Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual
for service as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any fiscal year, including Awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to
such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed (i) $750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed
or elected to the Board during such fiscal year, $1,000,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based
on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. For avoidance of doubt, compensation will count
towards this limit for the fiscal year in which it was granted or earned, and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred.

2

4.
OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

Each
Option and SAR will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive
Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option at the time of grant; provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated, then such
Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The shares purchased upon exercise of each type of Option will be accounted for separately.
Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be
identical; provided, however, that each Option Agreement and SAR Agreement will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by
reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions:

(a)
Term. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Incentive Stock Options granted to Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will
be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.

(b)
Exercise or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each
Option or SAR will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such
Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to
a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code.

(c)
Exercise Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options. In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice
of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the
Company. The Board has the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict
the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment.
The exercise price of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more
of the following methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement:

(i)
by cash or check, wire, bank draft or money order (or an electronic equivalent thereof) payable to the Company;

(ii)
pursuant to a cashless exercise program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that,
prior to the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the
receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds;

(iii)
by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant
free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not
exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining balance of
the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such delivery
would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated shares are endorsed
or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the Participant for any minimum
period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery;

(iv)
by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise
price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance
of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; or

(v)
in any other form of consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law.

3

(d)
Exercise Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide
notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant
upon the exercise of a SAR will not be greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date
of exercise of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised
under such SAR, over (ii) the strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of
Common Stock or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified
in the SAR Agreement. 

(e)
Transferability. Options and SARs may not be transferred to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such
additional limitations on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination by the Board,
the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein,
neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration and provided, further, that if an Option is an Incentive Stock
Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer:

(i)
Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and
will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer
of an Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participants request, including
to a trust if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code
and applicable state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a
transfer and other agreements required by the Company.

(ii)
Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable
to the Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to
a domestic relations order.

(f)
Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting and/or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined
by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or
an Affiliate, vesting of Options and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(g)
Termination of Continuous Service for Cause. Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement
between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participants
Options and SARs will terminate and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be
prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous
Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject
to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award.

(h)
Post-Termination Exercise Period Following Termination of Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause. Subject to Section
4(i), if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his
or her Option or SAR to the extent vested, but only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time
provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however,
that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)):

(i)
three months following the date of such termination if such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination
due to the Participants Disability or death);

(ii)
12 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participants Disability;

(iii)
18 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participants death; or

(iv)
18 months following the date of the Participants death if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during
the period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above).

4

Following
the date of such termination, to the extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise
Period (or, if earlier, prior to the expiration of the maximum term of such Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate,
and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the terminated Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the
terminated Award, or any consideration in respect of the terminated Award. 

(i)
Restrictions on Exercise; Extension of Exercisability. A Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance
of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other
written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any
reason other than for Cause and, at any time during the last thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period: (i) the
exercise of the Participants Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such
exercise would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would violate
the Companys Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar
month that commences following the date the Award would otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the
last day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period,
generally without limitation as to the maximum permitted number of extensions; provided, however, that in no event may such Award be
exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)).

(j)
Non-Exempt Employees. No Option or SAR, whether or not vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of
the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, will be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months
following the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity
Act, any vested portion of such Award may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant of such Award in the event
of (i) such Participants death or Disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which such Award is not assumed, continued or substituted,
(iii) a Change in Control, or (iv) such Participants retirement (as such term may be defined in the Award Agreement or another
applicable agreement or, in the absence of any such definition, in accordance with the Companys then current employment policies
and guidelines). This Section 4(j) is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with
the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay.

(k)
Whole Shares. Options and SARs may be exercised only with respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents.

5.
AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

(a)
Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined
by the Board; provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation
of the provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions:

(i)
Form of Award.

(1)
RSAs. To the extent consistent with the Companys Bylaws, at the Boards election, shares of Common Stock subject to
a Restricted Stock Award may be (A) held in book entry form subject to the Companys instructions until such shares become vested
or any other restrictions lapse, or (B) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined
by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company
with respect to any shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award.

(2)
RSUs. An RSU Award represents a Participants right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that
is equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of an RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured
creditor of the Company with respect to the Companys unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement
of such Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or
be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other
person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award (unless
and until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award). 

5

(ii)
Consideration.

(1)
RSA. A Restricted Stock Award may be granted in consideration for (A) cash or check, wire, bank draft or money order payable to the
Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of consideration (including future services)as the Board
may determine and permissible under Applicable Law.

(2)
RSU. Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, an RSU Award will be granted in consideration for the Participants
services to the Company or an Affiliate, such that the Participant will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than
such services) with respect to the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the RSU
Award. If, at the time of grant, the Board determines that any consideration must be paid by the Participant (in a form other than the
Participants services to the Company or an Affiliate) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in settlement of the RSU
Award, such consideration may be paid in any form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law.

(iii)
Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined
by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or
an Affiliate, vesting of Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(iv)
Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant
and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (1) the Company may receive through
a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under their Restricted
Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and (2) any
portion of his or her RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further
right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in respect
of the RSU Award.

(v)
Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any
shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement.

(vi)
Settlement of RSU Awards. An RSU Award may be settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof)
or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board
may determine to impose such restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award.

(b)
Performance Awards. With respect to any Performance Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved
during the Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance
Goals have been attained will be determined by the Board.

(c)
Other Awards. Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the
appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market
Value at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding
provisions of this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete discretion to determine
the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash
equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards.

6

6.
ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK; OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a)
Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust:
(i) the class(es) and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan; (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that
may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(b); and (iii) the class(es) and number
of securities and exercise price, strike price or purchase price of the Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make
such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or
rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine
an appropriate equivalent benefit, if any, for any fractional shares or rights to fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments
referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section 6. 

(b)
Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of
the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture
condition or the Companys right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation,
and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Companys repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased
or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however,
that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or
forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but
contingent on its completion.

(c)
Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction, except as set forth
in Section 11, unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company
or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award.

(i)
Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring
corporations parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards
for Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders
of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of the
Common Stock issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successors parent
company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving or acquiring corporation (or its applicable parent) may
choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to
assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution will
be set by the Board.

(ii)
Awards Held by Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving or acquiring corporation (or
its parent company) does not assume or continue outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with
respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has
not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants),
the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will
be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the
Corporate Transaction) that the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days
prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction). Awards so accelerated will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or
prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect
to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance
Awards that (a) will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and (b) have multiple
vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or unless otherwise provided by
the Board, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100% of the target level upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction
in which the Awards are not assumed, continued or substituted for in accordance with Section 6(c)(i). With respect to the vesting
of cash-settled Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii), such cash
payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction or such later date as required by Section
409A of the Code.

7

(iii)
Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving or acquiring
corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding
Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current
Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction; provided,
however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue
to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction.

(iv)
Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior
to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not
exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time,
to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including,
at the discretion of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection
with such exercise.

(d)
Appointment of Stockholder Representative. As a condition to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed
to have agreed that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participants
behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

(e)
No Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions. The grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any
Award does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize
any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger
or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred
or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into
or exchangeable for the Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of
its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

7.
ADMINISTRATION.

(a)
Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a
Committee or Committees, as provided in subsection (c) below.

(b)
Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

(i)
To determine from time to time (1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards; (2) when and how each Award
will be granted; (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted; (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which need
not be identical), including the time or times when a person will be permitted to receive an issuance of the Common Stock or other payment
pursuant to an Award; (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted to each
such person; (6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not valued in whole
or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property that may
be earned and the timing of payment.

(ii)
To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award
Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.

(iii)
To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it.

(iv)
To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest,
notwithstanding the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it
will vest.

8

(v)
To prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation
of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than
normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price
of the Common Stock including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience. 

(vi)
To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations
under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant.

(vii)
To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable; provided, however, that stockholder approval will
be required for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before
amendment of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the
affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing.

(viii)
To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval.

(ix)
To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not
limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to
any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that, a Participants rights
under any Award will not be Materially Impaired by any such amendment unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant,
and (2) such Participant consents in writing.

(x)
Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests
of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.

(xi)
To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or
take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed
outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement
to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction).

(xii)
To effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such
action, (1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR; (2) the cancellation of any outstanding
Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award, under
the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock, (B) cash and/or (C)
other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board); or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted
accounting principles.

(c)
Delegation to Committee.

(i)
General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of
the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore
possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee
of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will
thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan,
as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with Committee
or subcommittee to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers
previously delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time,
revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.

(ii)
Rule 16b-3 Compliance. To the extent an Award is intended to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that
is available under Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of two
or more Non-Employee Directors, as determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) under the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing or
modifying the terms of the Award will be approved by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for such
exemption to remain available. 

9

(d)
Effect of Boards Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good
faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

(e)
Delegation to an Officer. The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the
following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law, other types of Awards) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares
of Common Stock to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by
the Board or any Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to
the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted
on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in
the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee
may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine
the Fair Market Value.

8.
TAX WITHHOLDING.

(a)
Withholding Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll
and any other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required
to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company
or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly,
a Participant may not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue
shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations are satisfied.

(b)
Satisfaction of Withholding Obligation. To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole
discretion, satisfy any U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award
by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding
shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award;
(iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant;
(v) by allowing a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated
by the Federal Reserve Board; or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.

(c)
No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes; No Liability to Claims. Except as required by Applicable Law the Company has no duty or
obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no
duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in
which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder
of such Award and will not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an
Award. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make any claim against the Company, or
any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation
and (ii) acknowledges that such Participant was advised to consult with their own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding
the tax consequences of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant
acknowledges any Option or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal
to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there
is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or
SAR granted under the Plan, each Participant agrees not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees
or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

10

(d)
Withholding Indemnification. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Companys
and/or its Affiliates withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the
Company and/or its Affiliates, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and/or its Affiliates harmless from any failure
by the Company and/or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount. 

9.
MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)
Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of Common Stock,
including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.

(b)
Use of Proceeds from Sales of the Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute
general funds of the Company.

(c)
Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant
will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument,
certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that
the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms
(e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant
documents as a result of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the
Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.

(d)
Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to,
any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of
the Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records
of the Company.

(e)
No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in
connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an
Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate
at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any Award (i) the employment
of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultants
agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate,
and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated,
as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with
any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions,
future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or benefit under
the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and/or Plan.

(f)
Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participants regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services
for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company
and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after
the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a
corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become
payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting
or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to
any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended.

(g)
Execution of Additional Documents. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional
documents or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrators sole discretion, to carry out the purposes
or intent of the Award, or facilitate compliance with securities and/or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrators
request.

11

(h)
Electronic Delivery and Participation. Any reference herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document
will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto)
or posted on the Companys intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access).
By accepting any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any
on-line electronic system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan Administrator.
The form of delivery of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by
the Company. 

(i)
Clawback/Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the
Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys
securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable
Law and any clawback policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition,
the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or
appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash
or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a
Participants right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive
termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company.

(j)
Securities Law Compliance. A Participant will not be issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered
under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act. Each Award also must comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such
shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law.

(k)
Transfer or Assignment of Awards; Issued Shares. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards
granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have been issued,
or in the case of Restricted Stock and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign,
hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with
the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law.

(l)
Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of any Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement,
shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participants benefits
under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company
expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Companys or any Affiliates employee benefit plans.

(m)
Deferrals. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common
Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also
establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals will be made in accordance with the requirements
of Section 409A.

(n)
Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to
the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent
not so exempt, in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt
from and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary
to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary
for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if
a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a specified employee
for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service
(as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six
months and one day following the date of such Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the
Participants death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and any amounts
so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original
schedule.

12

(o)
Choice of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of
any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 

10.
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

The
Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed to be necessary, having jurisdiction over the
Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards;
provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any
Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable
to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the
lawful issuance and sale of the Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and
sell the Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible
for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of the Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in
violation of any Applicable Law.

11.
ADDITIONAL RULES FOR AWARDS SUBJECT TO SECTION 409A.

(a)
Application. Unless the provisions of this Section 11 of the Plan are expressly superseded by the provisions in the form of
Award Agreement, the provisions of this Section 11 shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Award
Agreement for a Non-Exempt Award.

(b)
Non-Exempt Awards Subject to Non-Exempt Severance Arrangements. To the extent a Non-Exempt Award is subject to Section 409A due to
application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions of this subsection (b) apply.

(i)
If the Non-Exempt Award vests in the ordinary course during the Participants Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting
schedule set forth in the Award Agreement, and does not accelerate vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in
no event will the shares be issued in respect of such Non-Exempt Award any later than the later of: (i) December 31st of the
calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date, or (ii) the 60th day that follows the applicable vesting date.

(ii)
If vesting of the Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with the Participants
Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and,
therefore, are part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in settlement
of such Non-Exempt Award upon the Participants Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance
Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60th day that follows the date of the Participants Separation from Service.
However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued the Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in
Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not
be issued before the date that is six months following the date of such Participants Separation from Service, or, if earlier,
the date of the Participants death that occurs within such six month period.

(iii)
If vesting of a Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with a Participants
Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award
and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award on the date of grant, then such acceleration of vesting of the Non-Exempt
Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares, but the shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth
in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during the Participants Continuous Service, notwithstanding the
vesting acceleration of the Non-Exempt Award. Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified
date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 

13

(c)
Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Employees and Consultants. The provisions of this subsection (c)
shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of any Non-Exempt
Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction if the Participant was either an Employee or Consultant upon the applicable date of
grant of the Non-Exempt Award.

(i)
Vested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Vested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction:

(1)
If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute
the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the settlement of the Vested Non-Exempt Award will automatically
be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Alternatively, the Company may instead
provide that the Participant will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued
to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control.

(2)
If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue
or substitute each Vested Non-Exempt Award. The shares to be issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the
Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction
had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute
a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant
on such issuance dates, with the determination of the Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction.

(ii)
Unvested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Unvested Non-Exempt Award unless otherwise determined by
the Board pursuant to Section 11(e).

(1)
In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the Acquiring Entity shall assume, continue or substitute any Unvested Non-Exempt Award.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions
that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of any Unvested Non-Exempt Award
shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant
if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring
Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would
otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value of the shares made on the
date of the Corporate Transaction.

(2)
If the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue any Unvested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction,
then such Award shall automatically terminate and be forfeited upon the Corporate Transaction with no consideration payable to any Participant
in respect of such forfeited Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted and in compliance with
the requirements of Section 409A, the Board may in its discretion determine to elect to accelerate the vesting and settlement of the
Unvested Non-Exempt Award upon the Corporate Transaction, or instead substitute a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such
shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant, as further provided in subsection (e)(ii) below. In the absence of such discretionary
election by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be forfeited without payment of any consideration to the affected Participants
if the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue the Unvested Non-Exempt Awards in connection with the Corporate Transaction.

(3)
The foregoing treatment shall apply with respect to all Unvested Non-Exempt Awards upon any Corporate Transaction, and regardless
of whether or not such Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control.

(d)
Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Non-Employee Directors. The following provisions of this subsection
(d) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment
of a Non-Exempt Director Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction.

14

(i)
If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute
the Non-Exempt Director Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the vesting and settlement of any Non-Exempt Director Award will
automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued to the Participant in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award.
Alternatively, the Company may provide that the Participant will instead receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of
the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control pursuant to the preceding provision. 

(ii)
If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue
or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Non-Exempt Director Award will remain subject
to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be
issued in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that
the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entitys discretion,
in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal
to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination
of Fair Market Value made on the date of the Corporate Transaction.

(e)
If the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt Award, then the provisions in this Section 11(e) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary
that may be set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of such Non-Exempt Award:

(i)
Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of a Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the
scheduled issuance dates for the shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the shares upon the applicable
vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A.

(ii)
The Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier settle any Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the
requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix).

(iii)
To the extent the terms of any Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction,
to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event
triggering settlement must also constitute a Section 409A Change in Control. To the extent the terms of a Non-Exempt Award provides that
it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance
with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation From Service. However,
if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued to a Participant in connection with a separation from service such
Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as
defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date
of the Participants Separation From Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participants death that occurs within such
six month period.

(iv)
The provisions in this subsection (e) for delivery of the shares in respect of the settlement of an RSU Award that is a Non-Exempt
Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the shares to the Participant in respect of
such Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted.

12.
SEVERABILITY.

If
all or any part of the Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such
unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid.
Any Section of the Plan or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible,
be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while
remaining lawful and valid.

15

13.
TERMINATION OF THE PLAN.

The
Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier
of: (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the Companys stockholders. No Awards may be granted under
the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 

14.
DEFINITIONS.

As
used in the Plan, the following definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

(a)
Acquiring Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) in connection with a Corporate
Transaction.

(b)
Adoption Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee.

(c)
Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company
as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent
or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition.

(d)
Applicable Law means any applicable securities, federal, state, foreign, material local or municipal or other
law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial
decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority
of any Governmental Body (including under the authority of any applicable self-regulating organization such as the Nasdaq Stock Market,
New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(e)
Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the Plan (including an Incentive
Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, an RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award).

(f)
Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the
terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written
summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided, including through electronic means, to a Participant
along with the Grant Notice.

(g)
Board means the Board of Directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the
Board shall be a decision or determination that is made in the sole discretion of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination
shall be final and binding on all Participants.

(h)
Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the
Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company
through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash,
large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares,
change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion
of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.

(i)
Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between a Participant and the Company defining
such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following
events: (i) the Participants dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or any
current or prospective customers, suppliers, vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the Participants
commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the Participants
failure to perform the Participants assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure
continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the Participant by the Company; (iv) the Participants
gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; or (v) the Participants
material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the Participant and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation,
nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions. The determination that a termination of the Participants Continuous Service is
either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect to Participants who are executive officers of the Company and
by the Companys Chief Executive Officer with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination
by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards
held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for
any other purpose. 

16

(j)
Change in Control or Change of Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction
or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events; provided, however, to the extent necessary to avoid
adverse personal income tax consequences to the Participant in connection with an Award, also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control:

(i)
any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the
combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the
Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof
or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Companys securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the
primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the
level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person) exceeds the designated percentage
threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing
the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result
of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any
additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then
outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be
deemed to occur;

(ii)
there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately
after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto
do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting
power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting
power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same
proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;

(iii)
there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which
are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities
of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or

(iv)
individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board)
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election
(or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board
then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other
transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control
(or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the
foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control
or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply.

17

(k)
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance
thereunder.

(l)
Committee means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of one or more Directors to whom authority
has been delegated by the Board or Compensation Committee in accordance with the Plan.

(m)
Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company. 

(n)
Company means NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

(o)
Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

(p)
Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render
consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate
and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director
to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act
is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Companys securities to such person.

(q)
Continuous Service means that the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an
Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service
to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such
service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, will
not terminate a Participants Continuous Service; provided, however, that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering
services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participants Continuous Service will be considered
to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the
Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted
by law, the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in that partys sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous
Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including
sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may
be provided in the Companys leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable
to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section
409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed,
in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(r)
Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions,
of any one or more of the following events:

(i)
a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and
its Subsidiaries;

(ii)
a sale or other disposition of at least 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;

(iii)
a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or

(iv)
a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the
merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.

18

Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Corporate Transaction shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other
transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the definition of Corporate Transaction
(or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the
foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Corporate Transaction
or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply, and (C) with respect
to any nonqualified deferred compensation that becomes payable on account of the Corporate Transaction, the transaction or event described
in clause (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control if required in order for the payment not to violate
Section 409A of the Code. 

(s)
Director means a member of the Board.

(t)
determine or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or its
designee) in its sole discretion.

(u)
Disability means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has
lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and
will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.

(v)
Effective Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the date this Plan (as amended from time to time)
is approved by the Companys stockholders.

(w)
Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or
payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan.

(x)
Employer means the Company or the Affiliate of the Company that employs the Participant.

(y)
Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.

(z)
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(aa)
Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)
or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant
to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company
in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly,
of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities.

(bb)
Fair Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock
(as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows:

(i)
If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be
the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading
in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.

(ii)
If there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing
selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.

(iii)
In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined
by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.

19

(cc)
Fully Diluted Shares as of a date means an amount equal to the number of shares of Common Stock (i) outstanding
and (ii) issuable upon exercise, conversion or settlement of outstanding Awards under the Plan and any other outstanding options, warrants
or other securities of the Company that are (directly or indirectly) convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for shares of Common
Stock, in each case as of the close of business of the Company on such date and without regard to any vesting conditions or other limitations
on the immediate ability to convert, exchange or exercise such rights. For purposes of calculating the number of Fully Diluted Shares,
if the number of shares subject to an outstanding right to acquire shares is variable, then the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise, conversion, exchange or settlement of the right shall be the maximum number of shares that could be received under such
right.

(dd)
Governmental Body means any: (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district
or other jurisdiction of any nature; (ii) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; (iii) governmental or regulatory
body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission,
authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal,
and for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority; or (iv) self-regulatory organization
(including the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(ee)
Grant Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan
and which includes the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject
to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to
the Award.

(ff)
Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to
be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

(gg)
Materially Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participants
rights under the Award. A Participants rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment
if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not Materially Impair the Participants
rights. For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participants rights
under the Award: (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option or SAR that may be exercised;
(ii) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iii) to change the terms
of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive
Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with
or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A; or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws.

(hh)
Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or
an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as
a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (Regulation S-K)), does not possess an
interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a
business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered
a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

(ii)
Non-Exempt Award means any Award that is subject to, and not exempt from, Section 409A, including as the result
of (i) a deferral of the issuance of the shares subject to the Award which is elected by the Participant or imposed by the Company, or
(ii) the terms of any Non-Exempt Severance Agreement.

(jj)
Non-Exempt Director Award means a Non-Exempt Award granted to a Participant who was a Director but not an Employee
on the applicable grant date.

(kk)
Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement means a severance arrangement or other agreement between the Participant and
the Company that provides for acceleration of vesting of an Award and issuance of the shares in respect of such Award upon the Participants
termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard
to any alternative definition thereunder) (Separation from Service) and such severance benefit does not satisfy
the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9)
or otherwise.

20

(ll)
Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify
as an Incentive Stock Option.

(mm)
Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

(nn)
Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted
pursuant to the Plan.

(oo)
Option Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing
the terms and conditions of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Option and the agreement containing
the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided, including through electronic
means, to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(pp)
Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other
person who holds an outstanding Option.

(qq)
Other Award means an award valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock,
including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value at the time of grant) that is not an Incentive Stock Option, Nonstatutory Stock Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award,
RSU Award or Performance Award.

(rr)
Other Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing
the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(ss)
Own, Owned, Owner or Ownership
means that a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or
to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with
respect to such securities.

(tt)
Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if
applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award.

(uu)
Performance Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned
and paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms
and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable
Law and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance
Awards. Performance Awards that are settled in cash or other property are not required to be valued in whole or in part by reference
to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock.

(vv)
Performance Criteria means one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the
Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based
on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board: earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings);
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; total stockholder return;
return on equity or average stockholders equity; return on assets, investment, or capital employed; stock price; margin (including
gross margin); income (before or after taxes); operating income; operating income after taxes; pre-tax profit; operating cash flow; sales
or revenue targets; increases in revenue or product revenue; expenses and cost reduction goals; improvement in or attainment of working
capital levels; economic value added (or an equivalent metric); market share; cash flow; cash flow per share; share price performance;
debt reduction; customer satisfaction; stockholders equity; capital expenditures; debt levels; operating profit or net operating
profit; workforce diversity; growth of net income or operating income; billings; product development goals; financing; regulatory milestones,
including approval of a product; stockholder liquidity; corporate governance and compliance; product commercialization; intellectual
property; personnel matters; progress of internal research; progress of partnered programs; partner satisfaction; budget management;
data from clinical studies, partner or collaborator achievements; internal controls, including those related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002; investor relations, analysts and communication; manufacturing achievements (including obtaining particular yields from manufacturing
runs and other measurable objectives related to process development activities); employee retention; strategic partnerships or transactions
(including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property); establishing relationships with commercial entities with respect
to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Companys products; supply chain achievements; co-development, co-marketing, profit
sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements; individual performance goals; corporate development and planning goals; and other
measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee whether or not listed herein. 

21

(ww)
Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance
Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business
units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable
companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the
time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established,
the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period
as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the
effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate
tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined
under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume
that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period
following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason
of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange
of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude
the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Companys bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred
in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles;
and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting
principles. In addition, the Board may establish or provide for other adjustment items in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is
granted or in such other document setting for the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established. In addition, the
Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and
to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the
specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement
or the written terms of a Performance Award.

(xx)
Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance
Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participants right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods
may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board.

(yy)
Plan means this NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to
time.

(zz)
Plan Administrator means the person, persons, and/or third-party administrator designated by the Company to
administer the day to day operations of the Plan.

(aaa)
Post-Termination Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participants Continuous
Service within which an Option or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h).

(bbb)
Reserved.

(ccc)
Prior Plans means the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and the NeuroOne
Medical Technologies 2016 Equity Incentive Plan.

22

(ddd)
Prospectus means the document containing the Plan information specified in Section 10(a) of the Securities Act.

(eee)
Restricted Stock Award or RSA means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is
granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(fff)
Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of
a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement
includes the Grant Notice for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions
applicable to the Restricted Stock Award and which is provided, including by electronic means, to a Participant along with the Grant
Notice. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(ggg)
Returning Shares means shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plans and that following
the Effective Date: (A) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of
the shares covered by such stock award having been issued; (B) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof is settled
in cash; (C) are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for
the vesting of such shares; (D) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price; or (E) are withheld or
reacquired to satisfy a tax withholding obligation.

(hhh)
RSU Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the right
to receive an issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(iii)
RSU Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of an RSU Award
evidencing the terms and conditions of an RSU Award grant. The RSU Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the
agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided, including
by electronic means, to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan.

(jjj)
Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect
from time to time.

(kkk)
Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(lll)
SAR Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the
terms and conditions of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR and the agreement containing the written
summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided, including by electronic means, to a Participant
along with the Grant Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

23

(mmm)
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations
and other guidance thereunder.

(nnn)
Section 409A Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the
ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets, as provided in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(ooo)
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(ppp)
Share Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a).

(qqq)
Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on the
Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4.

(rrr)
Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50% of the outstanding
capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether,
at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening
of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company
or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or
capital contribution) of more than 50%.

(sss)
Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock
possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate.

(ttt)
Trading Policy means the Companys policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during
certain window periods and/or otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares,
as in effect from time to time.

(uuu)
Unvested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had not vested in accordance with its
terms upon or prior to the date of any Corporate Transaction.

(vvv)
Vested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had vested in accordance with its terms
upon or prior to the date of a Corporate Transaction.

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023161201ex10-2_neuroone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Standard
RSU Package

NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

RSU AWARD GRANT NOTICE

(2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN)

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company),
has awarded to you (the Participant) the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set
forth below in consideration of your services (the RSU Award). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms
and conditions as set forth herein and in the Companys 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) and the
Award Agreement (the Agreement), which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized
terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement.

Participant: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Restricted Stock Units: 

Vesting

Schedule: [ ]

Notwithstanding the foregoing, vesting shall terminate upon the Participants
termination of Continuous Service.

Issuance

Schedule: One share of Common Stock will be issued
for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Agreement.

Participant
Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you
understand and agree that:

The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award
Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), and the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, all of which are made
a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement (together, the RSU
Award Agreement) may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer
of the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the
provisions of the Plan, the RSU Award Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in the RSU
Award Agreement, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.

To the fullest extent permitted under the
Plan and applicable law, any withholding taxes applicable to the RSU Award will be satisfied through the sale of a number of the
shares issuable in settlement of the RSU Award as determined in accordance with Section 4 of the Agreement and the remittance
of the cash proceeds to the Company. Under the Agreement, the Company or, if different, your employer shall make payment from the
cash proceeds of this sale directly to the appropriate tax or social security authorities in an amount equal to the taxes required
to be remitted. The mandatory sale of shares to cover withholding taxes is imposed by the Company on you in connection with
your receipt of this RSU Award.

The RSU Award Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements,
promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of: (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, (ii) any
written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between
the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award, and (iii) any clawback policy
that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which
the Companys securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act or other Applicable Law.

THE
COMPANY:

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

PARTICIPANT:

By: 

Name: [Insert Name]

Title: 

Date: Date: 

Attachments:
RSU Award Agreement, 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

2

ATTACHMENT
I

NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

2025
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

AWARD
AGREEMENT (RSU AWARD)

As
reflected by your Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the Company) has granted you a RSU Award under the Companys 2025 Equity Incentive
Plan (the Plan) for the number of restricted stock units as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU
Award). The terms of your RSU Award as specified in this Award Agreement for your RSU Award (the Agreement)
and the Grant Notice constitute your RSU Award Agreement. Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement
but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable.

The
general terms applicable to your RSU Award are as follows:

1. Governing
Plan Document. Your RSU Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in:

(a) Section 6
of the Plan regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your RSU
Award;

(b) Section 9(e) of
the Plan regarding the Companys retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the RSU Award;
and

(c) Section 8
of the Plan regarding the tax consequences of your RSU Award.

Your
RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated
and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions
of the Plan shall control.

2. Grant
of the RSU Award. This RSU Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of the Companys
Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units indicated in the Grant Notice as modified to reflect any Capitalization
Adjustment and subject to your satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth therein (the Restricted Stock Units).
Any additional Restricted Stock Units that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to Capitalization Adjustments as set forth in the
Plan and the provisions of Section 3 below, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture
restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units covered
by your RSU Award.

3. Dividends.
You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your RSU Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution
that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan; provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply
with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your RSU Award after such shares have been delivered
to you.

4. Withholding
Obligations.

(a) You
acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, or if different, the Affiliate employing or engaging you (the Employer),
the ultimate liability for all income tax (including U.S. federal, state, and local taxes and/or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll
tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable
to you (the Tax-Related Items) is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually
withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations
or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSU Award, including, but not limited
to, the grant of the RSU Award, the vesting of the RSU Award, the issuance of shares in settlement of vesting of the RSU Award, the subsequent
sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the RSU Award and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalent; and (ii) do
not commit to and are under no obligation to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. Further, if you become subject
to taxation in more than one country, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be
required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country.

3

(b) On
each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares underlying your Restricted Stock Units, and at
any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with Applicable Law, you agree to make adequate provision for any
sums required to satisfy the withholding obligations of the Company, the Employer or any Affiliate in connection with any Tax-Related
Items that arise in connection with your RSU Award (the Withholding Taxes). The Company shall arrange a mandatory
sale (on your behalf pursuant to your authorization under this section and without further consent) of the shares of Common Stock issued
in settlement upon the vesting of your Restricted Stock Units in an amount necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and shall satisfy
the Withholding Taxes by withholding from the proceeds of such sale (the Mandatory Sell to Cover). You hereby
acknowledge and agree that the Company shall have the authority to administer the Mandatory Sell to Cover arrangement in its sole discretion
with a registered broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer)
as the Company may select as the agent (the Agent) who will sell on the open market at the then prevailing
market price(s), as soon as practicable on or after each date on which your Restricted Stock Units vest, the number (rounded up to the
next whole number) of the shares of Common Stock to be delivered to you in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units
sufficient to generate proceeds to cover (A) the Withholding Taxes that you are required to pay pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement
as a result of the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units (or shares being issued thereunder, as applicable) and (B) all applicable
fees and commissions due to, or required to be collected by, the Agent with respect thereto any remaining funds shall be remitted to
you.

(c) If,
for any reason, such Mandatory Sell to Cover does not result in sufficient proceeds to satisfy the Withholding Taxes, the Company or
an Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes relating to your RSU Award by any of the
following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company
or the Employer; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment (which may be in the form of a check, electronic wire transfer or other
method permitted by the Company); or (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise
issuable to you in connection with your Restricted Stock Units with a fair market value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock
are issued to you) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes; provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so
withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Companys required tax withholding obligations using the maximum statutory
withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable
income; and to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if
applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Companys Board or Compensation
Committee.

(d) Unless
the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate with respect to the Tax-Related Items are satisfied, the Company
shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock.

(e) In
the event the Companys obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the
delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Tax-Related Items withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld
by the Company or your Employer, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and your Employer harmless from any failure by the Company
or your Employer to withhold the proper amount.

(f) You
acknowledge that the Mandatory Sell to Cover is imposed by the Company on you pursuant to the terms of the RSU Award.

(g) The
Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts, or other applicable
withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates in your jurisdiction(s). If the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount
may be refunded to you in cash by the Company or Employer (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Common Stock), or if not
refunded, you may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. You must pay to the Company and/or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related
Items that the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that
cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.

4

5. Date
of Issuance.

(a) The
issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and
will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Withholding Obligation, if any, in the event
one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock
Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 4 above, and subject to
any different provisions in the Grant Notice). Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original
Issuance Date.

(b) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if (i) selling shares of the Companys Common Stock in the public market on the Original Issuance Date to
satisfy your tax withholding obligation in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement is prohibited for any reason, and
(ii) the Company elects not to instead satisfy its tax withholding obligations by withholding shares from your distribution, then
such shares shall not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and shall instead be delivered to you on the earliest of: (1) the
first date that you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Companys Common Stock in the open market, or (2) such
earlier date that the Company elects to satisfy its tax withholding obligation by withholding shares from your distribution; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the shares be delivered to you any later than: (A) December 31
of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of the taxable year in which the Original Issuance
Date occurs), or (B) if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4),
no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares
of Common Stock are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d).
Delivery of the shares is intended to comply with the requirements for the short-term deferral exemption available under Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such manner.

(c) In
addition and notwithstanding the foregoing, no shares of Common Stock issuable to you under this Section 5 as a result of
the vesting of one or more Restricted Stock Units will be delivered to you until any filings that may be required pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino
(HSR) Act in connection with the issuance of such shares have been filed and any required waiting period
under the HSR Act has expired or been terminated (any such filings and/or waiting period required pursuant to HSR, the HSR
Requirements). If the HSR Requirements apply to the issuance of any shares of Common Stock issuable to you under this
Section 5 upon vesting of one or more Restricted Stock Units, such shares of Common Stock will not be issued on the Original
Issuance Date and will instead be issued on the first business day on or following the date when all such HSR Requirements are satisfied
and when you are permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market, as determined by the Company
in accordance with the Companys then-effective policy on trading in Company securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the issuance
date for any shares of Common Stock delayed under this Section 5(c) shall in no event be later than December 31
of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance
Date occurs), unless a later issuance date is permitted without incurring adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code
or other Applicable Law.

(d) To
the extent the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt RSU Award, the provisions of Section 11 of the Plan shall apply.

6. Transferability.
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of
descent and distribution

7. Corporate
Transaction. Your RSU Award is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

5

8. No
Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the
Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the RSU Award or other Company
compensation and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors
regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.

9. Severability.
If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of
this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will
give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.

10. Other
Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated
under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

11. Questions.
If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary
of the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

*
* * *

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea023161201ex10-3_neuroone.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN FORM OF OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Standard Stock Option Grant Package

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE

(2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN)

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company), pursuant to its 2025 Equity
Incentive Plan (the Plan), has granted to you (Optionholder) an option to purchase
the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option). Your Option is subject to all of the
terms and conditions as set forth in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and in the Plan, the
Stock Option Agreement and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized
terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Stock Option Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan
or the Stock Option Agreement, as applicable.

Optionholder: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Shares of the Common Stock Subject to Option: 

Exercise Price (Per Share): 

Total Exercise Price: 

Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: [Incentive Stock Option] OR [Nonstatutory Stock Option]

Exercise and Vesting Schedule: Subject to the Optionholders Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the Option will vest as follows:1

Optionholder Acknowledgements:
By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that:

The Option is governed by the Grant Notice, and the provisions
of the Plan, the Stock Option Agreement and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided
in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Stock Option Agreement (together, the Option Agreement) may not be
modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

If the Option is designated an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options granted to you) cannot be first exercisable for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

You consent to receive this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement, the Plan and any other Plan-related documents (including the Prospectus) by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control.

The Option Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of, if applicable: (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law, and (iii) and any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this Option.

Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

1 Note to Draft: To insert applicable vesting schedule

THE COMPANY:

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

OPTIONHOLDER:

By: 

Name: [Insert Name]

Title: 

Date: Date: 

ATTACHMENTS: Stock Option Agreement, 2025
Equity Incentive Plan, Notice of Exercise

2

ATTACHMENT I

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

As reflected by your Stock
Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the Company) has granted you an option under its 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan)
to purchase a number of shares of the Common Stock at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option).
Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the meanings set forth
in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. The terms of your Option as specified in the Grant Notice and this Stock Option Agreement
constitute your Option Agreement.

The general terms and conditions
applicable to your Option are as follows:

1. Governing
Plan Document. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in:

(a) Section 6
regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your Option;

(b) Section 9(e) regarding
the Companys retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the Option; and

(c) Section 8
regarding the tax consequences of your Option.

Your Option is further subject
to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the
Plan. In the event of any conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control.

2. Vesting.

(a) The
provisions of this Section 2 shall not apply to your Option if you have entered into a written agreement with the Company
that contains terms related to a 280G Payment (as defined below).

(b) Your
Option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, subject to the provisions contained herein and the terms of the Plan. Vesting will
cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs and your Continuous
Service has not terminated as of immediately prior to such Change in Control, then the vesting and exercisability of your Option will
be accelerated in full upon such Change in Control.

(c) If
any payment or benefit you would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or other similar transaction
(a 280G Payment) would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G
of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise
Tax), then any such 280G Payment (a Payment) shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced
Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after
reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever
amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and
local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt,
on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise
Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause
(x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method) that results
in the greatest economic benefit for you. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so
reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method).

3

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to
Section 409A of the Code that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, then the Reduction
Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to
Section 409A of the Code as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible,
the greatest economic benefit for you as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent
on future events (e.g., being terminated without cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future
events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code.

Unless you and the Company
agree on an alternative accounting firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day
prior to the effective date of the change of control transaction triggering the Payment shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the
accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the change
of control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder.
The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. The Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations,
together with detailed supporting documentation, to you and the Company within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which
your right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by you or the Company) or such other time as
requested by you or the Company.

If you receive a Payment for
which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of the first paragraph of this Section 2(b) and
the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, you shall promptly return
to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of the first paragraph of this Section 2(b))
so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined
pursuant to clause (y) in the first paragraph of this Section 2(b), you shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence.

3. Exercise.

(a) You
may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of the Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery
of payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance
with the exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review Sections
4(i), 4(j) and 7(b)(v) of the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option
during certain periods.

(b) To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows:

(i) cash,
check, bank draft or money order;

(ii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described
in Section 4(c)(ii) of the Plan if at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded;

(iii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of the Common Stock as further described
in Section 4(c)(iii) of the Plan; or

(iv) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise
arrangement as further described in Section 4(c)(iv) of the Plan.

4

(c) By
accepting your Option, you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase
of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of the Common
Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date
of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will
request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rules or regulation (the Lock-Up
Period); provided, however, that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option,
if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably
requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto.
In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of the Common
Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of the Common Stock (or other securities) of the
Company held by you will be bound by this Section 3(c). The underwriters of the Companys stock are intended third
party beneficiaries of this Section 3(c) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof
as though they were a party hereto.

4. Term.
You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your Option commences
on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following:

(a) immediately
upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;

(b) three
months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death;

(c) 12
months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability;

(d) 18
months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service;

(e) immediately
upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction;

(f) the
Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or

(g) the
day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if you die during the period provided in Section 3(b) or 3(c) above, the term of your Option shall not
expire until the earlier of (i) 18 months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate
Transaction, (iii) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the
Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in Section 4(i) of
the Plan.

To obtain the federal income
tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the date of grant of your Option
and ending on the day three months before the date of your Options exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate,
except in the event of your death or Disability. If the Company provides for the extended exercisability of your Option under certain
circumstances for your benefit, your Option will not necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you exercise your Option more
than three months after the date your employment terminates.

5. Withholding
Obligations. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan: (a) you may not exercise your Option unless the
applicable tax withholding obligations are satisfied, and (b) at the time you exercise your Option, in whole or in part, or at any
time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise
agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation
T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state,
local and foreign tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your Option in accordance with the
withholding procedures established by the Company. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option is
vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of the Common Stock subject to your Option, unless and until such obligations
are satisfied. In the event that the amount of the Companys withholding obligation in connection with your Option was greater than
the amount actually withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold
the proper amount.

5

6. Incentive
Stock Option Disposition Requirement. If your Option is an Incentive Stock Option, you must notify the Company in writing within
15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your Option that occurs within
two years after the date of your Option grant or within one year after such shares of the Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of
your Option.

7. Transferability.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 4(e) of the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by
the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.

8. Corporate
Transaction. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

9. No
Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company,
or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Option or other Company compensation
and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the
tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge that
the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation
associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or
any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less
than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

10. Severability.
If any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of
this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which
will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and
valid

11. Other
Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated
under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge and agree to be subject to the Companys Trading
Policy, which such Trading Policy has been or will be made available to you.

12. Questions.
If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of the applicable
federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

* * * *

6

ATTACHMENT II

2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

7

ATTACHMENT III

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLIGES CORPORATION

(2025 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN)

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation

7599 Anagram Dr.,

Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344

Attention: Chief Executive Officer Date of Exercise: 

This constitutes notice to
NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company) that I elect to purchase the
below number of shares of the Common Stock of the Company (the Shares) by exercising my Option for the price
set forth below. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Notice of Exercise but defined in the Grant Notice, Option Agreement
or 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) shall have the meanings set forth therein, as applicable. Use of
certain payment methods is subject to Company and/or Committee consent and certain additional requirements set forth in the Option Agreement
and the Plan.

Type of option (check one): Incentive Nonstatutory 

Date of Grant: 

Number of Shares as to which Option is exercised: 

Certificates to be issued in name of: 

Total exercise price: $ 

Cash, check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: $ 

Value of Shares delivered herewith: $ 

Regulation T Program (cashless exercise) $ 

Value of Shares pursuant to net exercise: $ 

By this exercise, I
agree (i) to provide such additional documents as the Company may require pursuant to the terms of the Plan, (ii) to satisfy
the tax withholding obligations, if any, relating to the exercise of this Option as set forth in the Option Agreement, and (iii) if
this exercise relates to an incentive stock option, to notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition
of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option that occurs within two years after the Date of Grant or within one year after
such Shares are issued upon exercise of this Option.

I further agree that, if required
by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any
securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option
for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares
of the Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date
of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company shall
request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the Lock-Up
Period). I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or
the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the
foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions
until the end of such period.

Very truly yours,

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250214.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250214_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nmtc-20250214_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description This Current Report on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Original 8-K) that was filed by NeuroOne Medical Te hnologies Corporation (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025. The Company
is filing this Amendment only to include Item 5.02 to provide information about the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity
Incentive Plan, which was approved by the Companys stockholders at the annual meeting of the stockholders held on February 14,
2025, as disclosed in Item 5.07 of the Original 8-K, and to file the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
and NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Option Grant Agreement
as exhibits hereto. This Amendment amends and restates the Original 8-K in its entirety.

Document Period End Date Feb. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40439

Entity Registrant Name NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001500198

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-0863354

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 7599 Anagram Dr.

Entity Address, City or Town Eden Prairie

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55344

City Area Code 952

Local Phone Number 426-1383

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol NMTC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://n1mtc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0231612-8ka1_neuroone.htm 
nmtc-20250214.xsd 
nmtc-20250214_lab.xml 
nmtc-20250214_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-015683-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0231612-8ka1_neuroone_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001500198 

2025-02-14 
2025-02-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
0001500198 
8-K/A 
2025-02-14 
NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 
DE 
001-40439 
27-0863354 
7599 Anagram Dr. 
Eden Prairie 
MN 
55344 
952 
426-1383 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
NMTC 
NASDAQ 
false 
This Current Report on Form 8-K/A (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K (the Original 8-K) that was filed by NeuroOne Medical Te hnologies Corporation (the Company) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2025. The Company
is filing this Amendment only to include Item 5.02 to provide information about the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity
Incentive Plan, which was approved by the Companys stockholders at the annual meeting of the stockholders held on February 14,
2025, as disclosed in Item 5.07 of the Original 8-K, and to file the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan
and NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2025 Equity Incentive Plan Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Option Grant Agreement
as exhibits hereto. This Amendment amends and restates the Original 8-K in its entirety.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>