<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001396814-25-000017.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001396814-25-000017.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121080503
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001396814-25-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacira BioSciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396814
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				510619477
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35060
		FILM NUMBER:		25540483

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 WEST KENNEDY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 890
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33609
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-553-6680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5401 WEST KENNEDY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 890
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101029

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PACIRA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080318

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070418
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pcrx-20250116.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?pcrx-20250116

1/16/20250001396814false00013968142025-01-162025-01-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 16, 2025

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-35060 51-0619477

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

5401 West Kennedy Boulevard, Suite 890

Tampa, Florida33609

(Address and Zip Code of Principal Executive Offices)

(813) 553-6680

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share PCRX Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment of Brendan Teehan as Chief Commercial Officer

On January 16, 2025, Brendan Teehan was appointed Chief Commercial Officer of Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (the Company), effective January 21, 2025.

Change in Position - Daryl Gaugler

On January 16, 2025, Daryl Gaugler was named Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations, instead of his former title as Chief Operating Officer. In connection with Mr. Teehans appointment as Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Teehan has assumed responsibility for the Companys sales force and marketing, among other commercial functions, which Mr. Gaugler previously oversaw in his role as Chief Operating Officer.As Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations, Mr. Gaugler will maintain leadership for (i) commercial operations; (ii) market access; (iii) commercial insights and analytics and (iv) professional training and education, which supports the Companys commercial organization and strategic partnerships. There are no changes to Mr. Gauglers executive employment agreement and his compensation and benefits will remain the same.

Adoption of Pacira BioSciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan

The Companys board of directors (the Board) previously approved and adopted the Companys Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (the 2014 Inducement Plan), pursuant to which awards could be made to new employees under the 2014 Inducement Plan for up to 1,525,000 shares of the Companys common stock as a material inducement to such persons entering into employment with the Company, and, as of January 16, 2025, 75,907 shares remained available to be granted pursuant to the 2014 Inducement Plan.

On January 16, 2025, the Board, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, adopted the Pacira BioSciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (as amended and restated, the Inducement Plan) such that, among other things, an additional 785,000 shares of the Companys common stock, and 2,310,000 shares of the Companys common stock in total, were reserved for issuance under the Inducement Plan, and the term of the Inducement Plan was extended such that it will now expire on January 16, 2035.

The Inducement Plan was adopted by the Board without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In accordance with Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to an employee who has not previously been an employee or member of the Board or the board of directors or any parent or subsidiary, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or a parent or subsidiary, if he or she is granted such award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the Company or a subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or her entering into employment with the Company or such subsidiary.

The foregoing is a summary of the material terms of the Inducement Plan. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Inducement Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the leadership changes. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 furnished hereto shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 

Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan.

10.2 

Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan.

10.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan.

99.1 

Press Release dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

(REGISTRANT)

Dated: January 21, 2025 By: /s/ KRISTEN WILLIAMS

Kristen Williams

Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101-ar2014inducementplan.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 INDUCEMENT PLAN

1. 

Purpose

The purpose of this Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (the Plan) of Pacira BioSciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), is to advance the interests of the Companys stockholders by enhancing the Companys ability to attract persons who are expected to make important contributions to the Company, by providing such persons with equity ownership opportunities and performance-based incentives as an inducement material to such persons entering into employment with the Company and by providing such persons with a proprietary interest in the Company as an incentive for them to remain in such service, thereby aligning the interests of such persons with those of the Companys stockholders. Except where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include any of the Companys parent or subsidiary corporations as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations thereunder (the Code) at the time of grant and any other business venture (including, without limitation, joint venture or limited liability company) in which the Company has a controlling interest, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board).

2. 

Eligibility

New employees of the Company who were not previously an employee or director of the Company are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan. Each person who is granted an Award under the Plan is deemed a Participant. Award means Options (as defined in Section 5), SARs (as defined in Section 6), Restricted Stock (as defined in Section 7), Restricted Stock Units (as defined in Section 7) and Other Stock-Based Awards (as defined in Section 8). 

3. 

Administration

The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee), which shall be composed of two or more directors, each of whom is (a) independent as defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq) and (b) a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor definition adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Committee shall have authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the Plan as it shall deem advisable. The Committee may construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and any Award agreements entered into under the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner and to the extent it shall deem expedient and it shall be the sole and final judge of such expediency. All decisions by the Committee shall be made in the Committees sole discretion and shall be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award.

4. 

Stock Available for Awards

(a) Authorized Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 9, Awards may be made under the Plan for up to 2,310,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock). Shares issued under the Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares.

(b) Share Counting. For purposes of counting the number of shares available for the grant of Awards under the Plan: 

(1) all shares of Common Stock covered by SARs shall be counted against the number of shares available for the grant of Awards under the Plan; provided, however, that (i) SARs that may be settled only in cash shall not be so counted and (ii) if the Company grants an SAR in tandem with an Option for the same number of shares of Common Stock and provides that only one such Award may be exercised (a Tandem SAR), only the shares covered by the Option, and not the shares covered by the Tandem SAR, shall be so counted, and the expiration of one in connection with the others exercise will not restore shares to the Plan; 

(2) if any Award (i) expires or is terminated, surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised or is forfeited in whole or in part (including as the result of shares of Common Stock subject to such Award being repurchased by the Company at the original issuance price pursuant to a contractual repurchase right) or (ii) results in any Common Stock not being issued (including as a result of an SAR that was settleable either in cash or in stock actually being settled in cash), the unused Common Stock covered by such Award shall again be available for the grant of Awards; provided, however, that (1) in the case of the exercise of an SAR, the number of shares counted against the shares available under the Plan and against the sublimits listed in the first clause of this Section 4(b) shall be the full number of shares subject to the SAR multiplied by the percentage of the SAR actually exercised, regardless of the number of shares actually used to settle such SAR upon exercise and (2) the shares covered by a Tandem SAR shall not again become available for grant upon the expiration or termination of such Tandem SAR; and

(3) shares of Common Stock delivered (either by actual delivery, attestation, or net exercise) to the Company by a Participant to (i) purchase shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of an Award or (ii) satisfy tax withholding obligations (including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation) shall not be added back to the number of shares available for the future grant of Awards. 

5. 

Stock Options

(a) General. The Committee may grant nonstatutory stock options to purchase Common Stock, which are not intended to qualify as incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code (each, an Option) and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers necessary or advisable. 

(b) Exercise Price. The Committee shall establish the exercise price of each Option and specify the exercise price in the applicable Option agreement. The exercise price shall be not less than 100% of the fair market value per 

share of Common Stock as determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Committee (Fair Market Value) on the date the Option is granted; provided that if the Committee approves the grant of an Option with an exercise price to be determined on a future date, the exercise price shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on such future date.

(c) Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may specify in the applicable option agreement; provided, however, that no Option will be granted with a term in excess of 10 years.

(d) Exercise of Options. Options may be exercised by delivery to the Company of a notice of exercise in a form (which may be electronic) approved by the Company, together with payment in full (in the manner specified in Section 5(e)) of the exercise price for the number of shares for which the Option is exercised. Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option will be delivered by the Company as soon as practicable following exercise.

(e) Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

(1) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

(2) except as may otherwise be provided in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Committee, in its sole discretion, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and any required tax withholding;

(3) to the extent provided for in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Committee, in its sole discretion, by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value, provided (i) such method of payment is then permitted under applicable law, (ii) such Common Stock, if acquired directly from the Company, was owned by the Participant for such minimum period of time, if any, as may be established by the Committee in its discretion and (iii) such Common Stock is not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements;

(4) to the extent provided for in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Committee in its sole discretion, by delivery of a notice of net exercise to the Company, as a result of which the Participant would receive (i) the number of shares underlying the portion of the Option being exercised, less (ii) such number of shares as is equal to (A) the aggregate exercise price for the portion of the Option being exercised divided by (B) the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise;

(5) to the extent permitted by applicable law and provided for in the applicable Option agreement or approved by the Committee, in its sole discretion, by payment of such other lawful consideration as the Committee may determine; or

(6) by any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.

(f) Repricing. Unless such action is approved by the Companys stockholders, the Company may not (except as provided for under Section 9): (1) amend any outstanding Option granted under the Plan to provide an exercise price per share that is lower than the then-current exercise price per share of such outstanding Option, (2) cancel any outstanding option (whether or not granted under the Plan) and grant in substitution therefor new Awards under the Plan covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock and having an exercise price per share lower than the then-current exercise price per share of the cancelled option, (3) cancel in exchange for a cash payment any outstanding Option with an exercise price per share above the then-current Fair Market Value or (4) take any other action under the Plan that constitutes a repricing within the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq. 

6. 

Stock Appreciation Rights

(a) General. The Committee may grant Awards consisting of stock appreciation rights (SARs) entitling the holder, upon exercise, to receive an amount of Common Stock or cash or a combination thereof (such form to be determined by the Committee) determined by reference to appreciation, from and after the date of grant, in the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock over the measurement price established pursuant to Section 6(b). The date as of which such appreciation is determined shall be the exercise date. 

(b) Measurement Price. The Committee shall establish the measurement price of each SAR and specify it in the applicable SAR agreement. The measurement price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date the SAR is granted; provided that if the Committee approves the grant of an SAR effective as of a future date, the measurement price shall be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on such future date.

(c) Duration of SARs. Each SAR shall be exercisable at such times and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may specify in the applicable SAR agreement; provided, however, that no SAR will be granted with a term in excess of 10 years.

(d) Exercise of SARs. SARs may be exercised by delivery to the Company of a notice of exercise in a form (which may be electronic) approved by the Company, together with any other documents required by the Committee.

(e) Repricing. Unless such action is approved by the Companys stockholders, the Committee may not (except as permitted under Section 9) (1) amend any outstanding SAR granted under the Plan to provide a measurement price per share that is lower than the then-current measurement price per share of such outstanding SAR, (2) cancel any outstanding stock appreciation right (whether or not granted under the Plan) and grant in substitution therefor new Awards under the Plan covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock and having a measurement price per share lower than the then-current exercise price per share of the canceled stock appreciation right, (3) cancel in exchange for a cash payment any outstanding SAR with a measurement price per share above the then-current Fair Market Value or (4) take any other action under the Plan that constitutes a repricing within the meaning of the rules of the Nasdaq.

7. 

Restricted Stock; Restricted Stock Units

(a) General. The Committee may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire shares of Common Stock (Restricted Stock), subject to the right of the Company to repurchase all or part of such shares at their issue price 

or other stated or formula price (or to require forfeiture of such shares if issued at no cost) from the recipient in the event that conditions specified by the Committee in the applicable Award are not satisfied prior to the end of the applicable restriction period or periods established by the Committee for such Award. The Committee may also grant Awards entitling the recipient to receive shares of Common Stock or cash to be delivered at the time such Award vests (Restricted Stock Units) (Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units are each referred to herein as a Restricted Stock Award).

(b) Terms and Conditions for All Restricted Stock Awards. The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award, including the conditions for vesting and repurchase (or forfeiture) and the issue price, if any. 

(c) Additional Provisions Relating to Restricted Stock. 

(1) Dividends. Any dividends (whether paid in cash, stock or property) declared and paid by the Company with respect to shares of Restricted Stock (Accrued Dividends) shall be paid to the Participant only if and when such shares become free from the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability that apply to such shares. Each payment of Accrued Dividends will be made no later than the end of the calendar year in which the dividends are paid to stockholders of that class of stock or, if later, the 15th day of the third month following the lapsing of the restrictions on transferability and the forfeitability provisions applicable to the underlying shares of Restricted Stock. 

(2) Stock Certificates. The Company may require that any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, as well as dividends or distributions paid on such Restricted Stock, shall be deposited in escrow by the Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company (or its designee). At the expiration of the applicable restriction periods, the Company (or such designee) shall deliver the certificates no longer subject to such restrictions to the Participant or if the Participant has died, to his or her Designated Beneficiary. Designated Beneficiary means (i) the beneficiary designated, in a manner determined by the Committee, by a Participant to receive amounts due or exercise rights of the Participant in the event of the Participants death or (ii) in the absence of an effective designation by a Participant, the Participants estate.

(d) Additional Provisions Relating to Restricted Stock Units.

(1) Settlement. Upon the vesting of and/or lapsing of any other restrictions (i.e., settlement) with respect to each Restricted Stock Unit, the Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company one share of Common Stock or (if so provided in the applicable Award agreement) an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock. The Committee may, in its discretion, provide that settlement of Restricted Stock Units shall be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the election of the Participant in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code.

(2) Voting Rights. A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units.

8. 

Other Stock-Based Awards

(a) General. Other Awards of shares of Common Stock, and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, shares of Common Stock or other property, may be granted hereunder to Participants (Other Stock-Based-Awards). Such Other Stock-Based Awards shall also be available as 

a form of payment in the settlement of other Awards granted under the Plan or as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock-Based Awards may be paid in shares of Common Stock or cash, as the Committee shall determine. 

(b) Terms and Conditions. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock-Based Award, including any purchase price applicable thereto. 

9. 

Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

(a) Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization or event, or any dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock other than an ordinary cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under the Plan, (ii) the share counting rules and sublimit set forth in Section 4(b), (iii) the number and class of securities and exercise price per share of each outstanding Option, (iv) the share and per-share provisions and the measurement price of each outstanding SAR, (v) the number of shares subject to and the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding Restricted Stock Award and (vi) the share and per-share-related provisions and the purchase price, if any, of each outstanding Other Stock-Based Award, shall be equitably adjusted by the Company (or substituted Awards may be made, if applicable) in the manner determined by the Committee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the number of shares subject to an outstanding Option are adjusted as of the date of the distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option between the record date and the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive, on the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for such stock dividend. 

(b) Reorganization Events.

(1) Definition. A Reorganization Event shall mean: (a) any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result of which all of the Common Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged for the right to receive cash, securities or other property or is canceled, (b) any transfer or disposition of all of the Common Stock of the Company for cash, securities or other property pursuant to a share exchange or other transaction or (c) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

(2) Consequences of a Reorganization Event on Awards Other than Restricted Stock. 

(A) In connection with a Reorganization Event, the Committee may take any one or more of the following actions as to all or any (or any portion of) outstanding Awards other than Restricted Stock on such terms as the Committee determines (except to the extent specifically provided otherwise in an applicable Award agreement or another agreement between the Company and the Participant): (i) provide that such Awards shall be assumed, or substantially equivalent Awards shall be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), (ii) upon written notice to a Participant, provide that all of the Participants unexercised Awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Reorganization Event unless exercised by the Participant (to the extent then exercisable) within a specified period following the date of such notice, (iii) provide that outstanding Awards shall become exercisable, realizable, or deliverable, or restrictions applicable to an Award shall lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon such Reorganization Event, (iv) in the event of a Reorganization 

Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share surrendered in the Reorganization Event (the Acquisition Price), make or provide for a cash payment to Participants with respect to each Award held by a Participant equal to (A) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the Award (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting that occurs upon or immediately prior to such Reorganization Event) multiplied by (B) the excess, if any, of (I) the Acquisition Price over (II) the exercise, measurement or purchase price of such Award and any applicable tax withholdings, in exchange for the termination of such Award, (v) provide that, in connection with a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, Awards shall convert into the right to receive liquidation proceeds (if applicable, net of the exercise, measurement or purchase price thereof and any applicable tax withholdings) and (vi) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 9(b)(2), the Committee shall not be obligated by the Plan to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, or all Awards of the same type, identically. 

(B) Notwithstanding the terms of Section 9(b)(2)(A), in the case of outstanding Restricted Stock Units that are subject to Section 409A of the Code: (i) if the applicable Restricted Stock Unit agreement provides that the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled upon a change in control event within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i), and the Reorganization Event constitutes such a change in control event, then no assumption or substitution shall be permitted pursuant to Section 9(b)(2)(A)(i) and the Restricted Stock Units shall instead be settled in accordance with the terms of the applicable Restricted Stock Unit agreement; and (ii) the Committee may only undertake the actions set forth in clauses (iii), (iv) or (v) of Section 9(b)(2)(A) if the Reorganization Event constitutes a change in control event as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(i) and/or such action is permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code; if the Reorganization Event is not a change in control event as so defined or such action is not permitted or required by Section 409A of the Code, and the acquiring or succeeding corporation does not assume or substitute the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to clause (i) of Section 9(b)(2)(A), then the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event without any payment in exchange therefor.

(C) For purposes of Section 9(b)(2)(A)(i), an Award (other than Restricted Stock) shall be considered assumed if, following consummation of the Reorganization Event, such Award confers the right to purchase or receive pursuant to the terms of such Award, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Award immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event, the consideration (whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result of the Reorganization Event by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock held immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that if the consideration received as a result of the Reorganization Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the consent of the acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise or settlement of the Award to consist solely of such number of shares of common stock of the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) that the Committee determined to be equivalent in value (as of the date of such determination or another date specified by the Committee) to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock as a result of the Reorganization Event.

(3) Consequences of a Reorganization Event on Restricted Stock. Upon the occurrence of a Reorganization Event other than a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the repurchase and other rights of the Company with respect to outstanding Restricted Stock shall inure to the benefit of the Companys successor and shall, unless the Committee determines otherwise, apply to the cash, securities or other property which the Common Stock was converted into or exchanged for pursuant to such Reorganization Event in the same manner and to the 

same extent as they applied to such Restricted Stock; provided, however, that the Committee may provide for termination or deemed satisfaction of such repurchase or other rights under the instrument evidencing any Restricted Stock or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company, either initially or by amendment. Upon the occurrence of a Reorganization Event involving the liquidation or dissolution of the Company, except to the extent specifically provided to the contrary in the instrument evidencing any Restricted Stock or any other agreement between a Participant and the Company, all restrictions and conditions on all Restricted Stock then outstanding shall automatically be deemed terminated or satisfied.

10. 

General Provisions Applicable to Awards

(a) Transferability of Awards. Awards shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are granted, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or, other than in the case of Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be exercisable only by the Participant; provided, however, except with respect to Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, that the Committee may permit or provide in an Award for the gratuitous transfer of the Award by the Participant to or for the benefit of any immediate family member, family trust or other entity established for the benefit of the Participant and/or an immediate family member thereof if the Company would be eligible to use a Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the registration of the sale of the Common Stock subject to such Award to such proposed transferee; provided further, that the Company shall not be required to recognize any such permitted transfer until such time as such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Company confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Award. References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, shall include references to authorized transferees. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Section 10(a) shall be deemed to restrict a transfer to the Company.

(b) Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced in such form (written, electronic or otherwise) as the Committee shall determine. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

(c) Committee Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award need not be identical, and the Committee need not treat Participants uniformly. 

(d) Termination of Status. The Committee shall determine the effect on an Award of the disability, death, termination or other cessation of employment, authorized leave of absence or other change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, or the Participants legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary, may exercise rights under the Award.

(e) Withholding. The Participant must satisfy all applicable federal, state, and local or other income and employment tax withholding obligations before the Company will deliver stock certificates or otherwise recognize ownership of Common Stock under an Award. The Company may decide to satisfy the withholding obligations through additional withholding on salary or wages. If the Company elects not to or cannot withhold from other compensation, the Participant must pay the Company the full amount, if any, required for withholding or have a broker tender to the Company cash equal to the withholding obligations. Payment of withholding obligations is due before the Company will issue any shares on exercise, vesting or release from forfeiture of an Award or at the same time as payment of the exercise or purchase price, unless the Company determines otherwise. If provided for in an 

Award or approved by the Committee in its sole discretion, a Participant may satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value; provided, however, except as otherwise provided by the Committee, that the total tax withholding where stock is being used to satisfy such tax obligations cannot exceed the Companys minimum statutory withholding obligations (based on minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable income). Shares used to satisfy tax withholding requirements cannot be subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting or other similar requirements.

(f) Amendment of Award. Except as set forth in Sections 5(f) and 6(e) with respect to repricings, the Committee may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another Award of the same or a different type, and changing the date of exercise or realization. The Participants consent to such action shall be required unless (i) the Committee determines that the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participants rights under the Plan or (ii) the change is permitted under Section 9.

(g) Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove restrictions from shares previously issued or delivered under the Plan until (i) all conditions of the Award have been met or removed to the satisfaction of the Company, (ii) in the opinion of the Companys counsel, all other legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws and regulations and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.

(h) Acceleration. The Committee may at any time provide that any Award shall become immediately exercisable in whole or in part, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise realizable in whole or in part, as the case may be.

(i) Dividend Equivalents. An Award agreement may provide Participants with the right to receive an amount equal to any dividends or other distributions declared and paid on an equal number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (Dividend Equivalents). Dividend Equivalents may be settled in cash, shares of Common Stock or other property, as determined in the discretion of the Committee. Dividend Equivalents may have such other terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine; provided, however, that no such Dividend Equivalents may be granted in tandem with, linked to, contingent upon or otherwise payable on the exercise of, any Option or SAR; and, provided further, that, if dividends are declared during the period that an Award is outstanding, such Dividend Equivalents shall be accumulated but remain subject to performance and/or vesting requirement(s) to the same extent as the applicable Award and shall be paid only at the time or times such performance and/or vesting requirement(s) are satisfied.

11. 

Miscellaneous

(a) No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any claim or right to be granted an Award by virtue of the adoption of the Plan, and the grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the 

right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the applicable Award.

(b) No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the applicable Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed with respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.

(c) Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on the date the Plan is approved by the Board (the Effective Date). No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the expiration of 10 years from the Effective Date, but Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date.

(d) Amendment of Plan. The Board or the Committee may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time provided that no amendment that would require stockholder approval under the rules of the Nasdaq may be made effective unless and until the Companys stockholders approve such amendment. Unless otherwise specified in the amendment, any amendment to the Plan adopted in accordance with this Section 11(d) shall apply to, and be binding on the holders of, all Awards outstanding under the Plan at the time the amendment is adopted, provided the Board or the Committee determines that such amendment, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Participants under the Plan. 

(e) Authorization of Sub-Plans (including for Grants to non-U.S. Employees). The Committee may from time to time establish one or more sub-plans under the Plan for purposes of satisfying applicable securities, tax or other laws of various jurisdictions. The Committee shall establish such sub-plans by adopting supplements to the Plan containing (i) such limitations on the Committees discretion under the Plan as the Committee deems necessary or desirable or (ii) such additional terms and conditions not otherwise inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall deem necessary or desirable. All supplements adopted by the Committee shall be deemed to be part of the Plan, but each supplement shall apply only to Participants within the affected jurisdiction and the Company shall not be required to provide copies of any supplement to Participants in any jurisdiction which is not the subject of such supplement. 

(f) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Except as provided in individual Award agreements initially or by amendment, if and to the extent (i) any portion of any payment, compensation or other benefit provided to a Participant pursuant to the Plan in connection with his or her employment termination constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and (ii) the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, in each case as determined by the Company in accordance with its procedures, by which determinations the Participant (through accepting the Award) agrees thathe or she is bound, such portion of the payment, compensation or other benefit shall not be paid before the day that is six months plus one day after the date of separation from service (as determined under Section 409A of the Code) (the New Payment Date), except as Section 409A of the Code may then permit. The aggregate of any payments that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant during the period between the date of separation from service and the New Payment Date shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum on such New Payment Date, and any remaining payments will be paid on their original schedule.

The Company makes no representations or warranty and shall have no liability to the Participant or any other person if any provisions of or payments, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not to satisfy the conditions of that section.

(g) Limitations on Liability.Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individualacting as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument he or she executes in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, employee or agent of the Company to whom any duty or power relating to the administration or interpretation of the Plan has been or will be delegated, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Committees approval) arising out of any act or omission to act concerning the Plan unless arising out of such persons own fraud or bad faith.

(h) Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding choice-of-law principles of the law of such state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex102-ar2014inducementplan.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.2

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement

Granted Under Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan

1.Grant of Option.

This agreement evidences the grant by Pacira BioSciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), on [GRANT DATE](the Grant Date) to [PARTICIPANT NAME], (the Participant), of an option to purchase, in whole or in part, on the terms provided herein and in the Companys Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (the Plan), a total of [NUMBER OF AWARDS GRANTED] shares (the Shares) of common stock, $0.001par value per share, of the Company (Common Stock) at $[GRANT PRICE] per Share. Unless earlier terminated, this option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on [EXPIRATION DATE](the Final Exercise Date).

It is intended that the option evidenced by this agreement shall not be an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the Code). Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the term Participant, as used in this option, shall be deemed to include any person who acquires the right to exercise this option validly under its terms.

2.Vesting Schedule.

The option shares vest as follows: 25% of the option shares vest upon the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date and 6.25% of the option shares vest every three-months thereafter.

The right of exercise shall be cumulative so that to the extent the option is not exercised in any period to the maximum extent permissible it shall continue to be exercisable, in whole or in part, with respect to all Shares for which it is vested until the earlier of the Final Exercise Date or the termination of this option under Section 3 hereof or the Plan.

3.Exercise of Option.

a.Form of Exercise. Each election to exercise this option shall be in writing, signed by the Participant, and received by the Company at its principal office, accompanied by this agreement, and payment in full in the manner provided in the Plan. The Participant may purchase less than the number of Shares covered hereby, provided that no partial exercise of this option may be for any fractional share or for the lesser of (i) fifty (50) whole shares or (ii) the amount of unexercised option shares remaining under this option.

b.Continuous Relationship with the Company Required. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, this option may not be exercised unless the Participant, at the time he or she exercises this option, is, and has been at all times since the Grant Date, an employee, officer or director of, or consultant or advisor to, the Company or any other entity the employees, officers, directors, consultants, or 

advisors of which are eligible to receive option grants under the Plan (an Eligible Participant).

c.Termination of Relationship with the Company. If the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Participant for any reason, then, except as provided in paragraphs (d) and (e) below, the right to exercise this option shall terminatethree months after such cessation (but in no event after the Final Exercise Date), providedthat this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such cessation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the Final Exercise Date, violates the non-competition or confidentiality provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon such violation.

d.Exercise Period Upon Death or Disability. If the Participant dies or becomes disabled (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) prior to the Final Exercise Date while he or she is an Eligible Participant and the Company has not terminated such relationship for cause as specified in paragraph (e) below, this option shall be exercisable, within the period of three years following the date of death or disability of the Participant, by the Participant (or in the case of death by an authorized transferee), providedthat this option shall be exercisable only to the extent that this option was exercisable by the Participant on the date of his or her death or disability, and further provided that this option shall not be exercisable after the Final Exercise Date.

e.Termination for Cause. If, prior to the Final Exercise Date, the Participants employment or other relationship with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined below), the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship. If, prior to the Final Exercise Date, the Participant is given notice by the Company of the termination of his or her employment or other relationship by the Company for Cause, and the effective date of such employment or other termination is subsequent to the date of the delivery of such notice, the right to exercise this option shall be suspended from the time of the delivery of such notice until the earlier of (i) such time as it is determined or otherwise agreed that the Participants employment or other relationship shall not be terminated for Cause as provided in such notice or (ii) the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship (in which case the right to exercise this option shall, pursuant to the preceding sentence, terminate upon the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship). If the Participant is party to an employment, consulting or severance agreement with the Company that contains a definition of cause for termination of employment or other relationship, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in such agreement. Otherwise, Cause shall mean willful misconduct by the Participant or willful failure by the Participant to perform his or her responsibilities to the Company (including, without limitation, breach by the Participant of any provision of any employment, consulting, advisory, nondisclosure or other similar 

agreement between the Participant and the Company), as determined by the Company, which determination shall be conclusive. The Participants employment or other relationship shall be considered to have been terminated for Cause if the Company determines, within 30 days after the Participants resignation, that termination for Cause was warranted.

4.Withholding.

No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this option unless and until the Participant pays to the Company, or makes provision satisfactory to the Company for payment of, any federal, state or local withholding taxes required by law to be withheld in respect of this option.

5.Transfer Restrictions.

This option may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the Participant, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and, during the lifetime of the Participant, this option shall be exercisable only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Participant may transfer this option gratuitously to or for the benefit of any immediate family member of the Participant, family trust or other entity established for the benefit of the Participant and/or an immediate family member of the Participant if the Company would be eligible to use a Form S-8 under the Securities Act for the registration of the sale of the Shares to such proposed transferee; provided further, that the Company will not be required to recognize any such permitted transfer until such time as such permitted transferee, as a condition to such transfer, delivers to the Company a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Company confirming that such transferee will be bound by all the terms and conditions of this option.

6.Provisions of the Plan; Entire Agreement.

This option is subject to the provisions of the Plan (including the provisions relating to amendments to the Plan), a copy of which is furnished to the Participant with this option. As of the Grant Date, this agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the option and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the subject, with the exception of the Executive Employment Agreement between Participant and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as of December 20, 2023. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this option to be executed under its corporate seal by its duly authorized officer. This option shall take effect as a sealed instrument.

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

By: _______________________

Name: _____________________

Title: ______________________

The undersigned hereby accepts the foregoing option and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof. The undersigned hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Companys Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan.

PARTICIPANT

By: _______________________

Name: _____________________
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex103-ar2014inducementplan.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.3

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD NOTICE

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 INDUCEMENT PLAN

Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (the "Company") hereby grants to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the "Award"). The Award is subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (the "Award Notice") and in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Pacira BioSciences, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (the "Plan"), which are incorporated into the Award Notice in their entirety.

Participant: [PARTICIPANT NAME]

Grant Date: [GRANT DATE]

Number of Restricted Stock Units: [SHARES GRANTED]

Vesting Schedule: The Restricted Stock Units will vest in four equal annual installments. Please refer to the Appendix at the end of this document to view the vesting schedule.

Additional Terms/Acknowledgement: The undersigned Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, the Award Notice, the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Plan Summary for the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Grant Date, the Award Notice, the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the Award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the subject, with the exception of the Executive Employment Agreement between Participant and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as of December 20, 2023.

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC. PARTICIPANT

[ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE]

[ACCEPTANCE DATE]

By: _________________________________ By: _________________________________

Name: ______________________________ Name: ______________________________

Title: _______________________________ 

PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 INDUCEMENT PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Pursuant to your Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (the "Award Notice") and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this "Agreement"), Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (the "Company") has granted you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the "Award") under its Amended and Restated 2014 Inducement Plan (the "Plan") for the number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in your Award Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan.

The details of the Award are as follows:

1. Vesting

The Award will vest according to the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Notice (the "Vesting Schedule").One share of the Company's Common Stock will be issuable for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests. Restricted Stock Units that have vested and are no longer subject to forfeiture according to the Vesting Schedule are referred to herein as "Vested Units." Restricted Stock Units that have not vested and remain subject to forfeiture under the Vesting Schedule are referred to herein as "Unvested Units." The Unvested Units will vest (and to the extent so vested cease to be Unvested Units remaining subject to forfeiture) in accordance with the Vesting Schedule (the Unvested and Vested Units are collectively referred to herein as the "Units"). As soon as practicable, but in any event within 60 days, after Unvested Units become Vested Units, the Company will settle the Vested Units by issuing to you one share of the Company's Common Stock for each Vested Unit. The Award will terminate and the Unvested Units will be subject to forfeiture upon your Termination of Service as set forth in Section 2.

2. Termination of Service

If you cease to be an employee, officer, or director of, or consultant or advisor to, the Company for any reason, any portion of the Award that has not vested will immediately terminate and all Unvested Units shall immediately be forfeited without payment of any further consideration to you.

3. Securities Law Compliance

3.1 You represent and warrant that you (a) have been furnished with a copy of the prospectus for the Plan and all information which you deem necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of receipt of the Award, (b) have had the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the information received about the Award and the Company, and (c) have been given the opportunity to obtain any additional information you deem necessary to verify the accuracy of any information obtained concerning the Award and the Company.

3.2 You hereby agree that you will in no event sell or distribute all or any part of the shares of the Company's Common Stock that you receive pursuant to settlement of this Award (the "Shares") unless (a) there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws covering any such transaction involving the Shares or (b) the Company receives an opinion of your legal counsel (concurred in by legal counsel for the Company) stating that such transaction is exempt from registration or the Company otherwise satisfies itself that such transaction is exempt from registration. You understand that the Company has no obligation to you to maintain any registration of the Shares with the Securities 

and Exchange Commission and has not represented to you that it will so maintain registration of the Shares.

3.3 You confirm that you have been advised, prior to your receipt of the Shares, that neither the offering of the Shares nor any offering materials have been reviewed by any administrator under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities act (the "Acts") and that the Shares cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Acts or unless an exemption from such registration is available.

3.4 You hereby agree to indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from and against any loss, claim or liability, including attorneys' fees or legal expenses, incurred by the Company as a result of any breach by you of, or any inaccuracy in, any representation, warranty or statement made by you in this Agreement or the breach by you of any terms or conditions of this Agreement.

4. Transfer Restrictions

Units shall not be sold, transferred, assigned, encumbered, pledged or otherwise disposed of, whether voluntarily or by operation of law; provided, however, that you may transfer Units gratuitously to or for the benefit of any of your immediate family members, a family trust or other entity established for your benefit and/or for the benefit of your immediate family members if the Company would be eligible to use a Form S-8 under the Securities Act for the registration of the sale of the Shares to such proposed transferee; provided further, that the Company will not be required to recognize any such permitted transfer until such time as such permitted transferee, as a condition to such transfer, delivers to the Company a written instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Company confirming that such transferee will be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Award.

5. No Rights as Stockholder

You shall not have voting or other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Units.

6. Independent Tax Advice

You acknowledge that determining the actual tax consequences to you of receiving or disposing of the Units and Shares may be complicated. These tax consequences will depend, in part, on your specific situation and may also depend on the resolution of currently uncertain tax law and other variables not within the control of the Company. You are aware that you should consult a competent and independent tax advisor for a full understanding of the specific tax consequences to you of receiving the Units and receiving or disposing of the Shares. Prior to executing the Award Notice, you either have consulted with a competent tax advisor independent of the Company to obtain tax advice concerning the receipt of the Units and the receipt or disposition of the Shares in light of your specific situation or you have had the opportunity to consult with such a tax advisor but chose not to do so.

7. Book Entry Registration of the Shares

The Company will issue the Shares by registering the Shares in book entry form with the Company's transfer agent in your name and the applicable restrictions will be noted in the records of the Company's transfer agent and in the book entry system.

8. Withholding

8.1 You are ultimately responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Award (e.g., at grant, vesting and/or upon receipt of the Shares), including any federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company in connection with the Award, including FICA or any other tax obligation (the "Tax Withholding Obligation"), regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any such Tax Withholding Obligation. The Company makes no representation or undertaking regarding the adequacy of any tax withholding made in connection with the Award. The Company has no obligation to deliver Shares pursuant to the Award until you have satisfied the Tax Withholding Obligation.

8.2 You must satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligations by either of the following means: (a) entering into a plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a 10b5-1 Plan), with any brokerage firm acceptable to the Company, to sell a number of Shares necessary to cover the amount of any Tax Withholding Obligation and all applicable fees or commissions due or (b) tendering a cash payment to the Company in a manner acceptable to the Company no later than 10 business days prior to a vest date. You understand that if you enter into a 10b5-1 Plan and subsequently choose to revoke it, you will be required to satisfy any Tax Withholding Obligations by tendering a cash payment to the Company as provided in this Section 8.2. You also understand that, if you do not have an effective 10b5-1 Plan in place prior to a vest date or you have not tendered a cash payment to the Company as provided in this Section 8.2, the Award shall immediately be forfeited without payment of any further consideration to you. 

8.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company has the right to retain without notice from Shares issuable under the Award or from salary or other amounts payable to you, a number of whole Shares or cash having a value sufficient to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation, and you hereby authorize the Company to do so (which Shares may be withheld up to the applicable minimum required tax withholding rate or such other applicable rate to avoid adverse treatment for financial accounting purposes). 

8.4 Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Company (i) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Withholding Obligations or tax treatment in connection with any aspect of the Award, including but not limited to, the grant, vesting, the issuance of Shares upon vesting, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the Award and the receipt of any dividends, and (ii) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax Withholding Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Withholding Obligations in more than one jurisdiction.

9. General Provisions

9.1Assignment. The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement at any time, whether or not such rights are then exercisable, to any person or entity selected by the Company's Board of Directors.

9.2 No Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be valid unless in writing and signed by the person against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced, nor will 

failure to enforce any right hereunder constitute a continuing waiver of the same or a waiver of any other right hereunder.

9.3 Undertaking. You hereby agree to take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either you or the Units pursuant to the express provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Agreement Is Entire Contract. This Agreement, the Award Notice and the Plan constitute the entire contract between the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof, with the exception of the Executive Employment Agreement between Participant and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated as of December 20, 2023. This Agreement is made pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and will in all respects be construed in conformity with the express terms and provisions of the Plan.

9.5 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding on, the Company and its successors and assigns and you and your legal representatives, heirs, legatees, distributees, assigns and transferees by operation of law, whether or not any such person will have become a party to this Agreement and agreed in writing to join herein and be bound by the terms and conditions hereof.

9.6 No Employment or Service Contract. Nothing in this Agreement will affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a related corporation, to terminate your employment or services on behalf of the Company, for any reason, with or without Cause.

9.7 Section 409A Compliance. Payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan are intended to qualify for an exception from or comply with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, the Plan Administrator reserves the right, but shall not be required to, unilaterally amend or modify the terms of this Agreement and/or the Plan as it determines necessary or appropriate, in its sole discretion, to avoid the imposition of interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code; provided, however, that the Company makes no representation that that the Award shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to the Award. No provision of this Agreement or the Award Notice shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with Section 409A of the Code from you or any other individual to the Company. By executing the Award Notice, you agree that you shall be deemed to have waived any claim against the Company with respect to any such tax consequences.

9.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but which, upon execution, will constitute one and the same instrument.

Appendix Vesting Schedule
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pcrx-newccopressreleasejan.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

NEWS RELEASE

Pacira BioSciences Strengthens Executive Leadership Team with Two Key Appointments 

-- Brendan Teehan named Chief Commercial Officer and Krys Corbett named Chief Business Officer --

-- Key additions expected to support companys 5x30 path to becoming an innovative biopharmaceutical organization --

Parsippany, NJ, Jan. 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE)-- Pacira BioSciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: PCRX), the industry leader in its commitment to deliver innovative, non-opioid pain therapies to transform the lives of patients, today announced two key appointments to its executive leadership team. Brendan Teehan has been named Chief Commercial Officer and Krys Corbett, Esq. has been named Chief Business Officer.

We are pleased to welcome Brendan and Krys, and their accomplished track records to Pacira, said Frank D. Lee, chief executive officer of Pacira BioSciences. Their extensive experience will further strengthen our executive team at an important stage in our business progression as we transition into an innovative biopharmaceutical organization. Brendans experience maximizing pharmaceutical brands, coupled with Krys portfolio management and deep partnering expertise, will enhance our ability to seamlessly execute our 5x30 strategy to grow our strong commercial base business and advance a robust pipeline to enhance growth and value creation. 

Mr. Teehan is an accomplished biopharmaceutical executive with a 30-year track record of successfully building and leading commercial teams. He brings extensive expertise in both privately and publicly held companies across multiple large and rare disease therapeutic categories and development stages. Prior to joining Pacira, Mr. Teehan held various commercial leadership positions at Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Inc., most recently as Chief Operating Officer and Head of Commercial where he was responsible for all commercial functions. Prior to Acadia, he served in a variety of commercial leadership roles at Tesaro, Inc., Raintree Oncology Services, Amgen, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Teehan holds a B.A. in Government and Political Science from the University of Notre Dame and an M.B.A. from Carnegie Mellon University. 

Ms. Corbett brings more than 25 years of industry experience across business development, strategic transactions, alliance management, and product portfolio management to Pacira. Prior to joining Pacira, she led portfolio and product strategy for clinical and preclinical-stage programs at Lyell Immunopharma. Before that, Ms. Corbett was Head of Business Development, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary for Oric Pharmaceuticals. Earlier in her career, she served in alliance and asset management leadership roles at Roche and Genentech. Ms. Corbett began her career at the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich and Rosati. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from Brigham Young University and a J.D. from Duke University.

About Pacira

Pacira delivers innovative, non-opioid pain therapies to transform the lives of patients. Pacira has three commercial-stage non-opioid treatments: EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension), a long-acting local analgesic currently approved for infiltration, fascial plane block, and as an interscalene brachial plexus nerve block, an adductor canal nerve block, and a sciatic nerve block in the popliteal fossa for postsurgical pain management; ZILRETTA (triamcinolone acetonide extended-release injectable suspension), an extended-release, intra-articular injection indicated for the management of osteoarthritis knee pain; and iovera, a novel, handheld device for delivering immediate, long-acting, drug-free pain control using precise, controlled doses of cold temperature to a targeted nerve. The company is also advancing the development of PCRX-201, a novel locally administered gene therapy with the potential to treat large prevalent diseases like osteoarthritis. To learn more about Pacira, visit www.pacira.com.

About EXPAREL (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension)

EXPAREL is indicated to produce postsurgical local analgesia via infiltration in patients aged 6 years and older, and postsurgical regional analgesia via an interscalene brachial plexus block in adults, a sciatic nerve block in the popliteal fossa in adults, and an adductor canal block in adults. The safety and effectiveness of EXPAREL have not been established to produce postsurgical regional analgesia via other nerve blocks besides an interscalene brachial plexus nerve block, a sciatic nerve block in the popliteal fossa, or an adductor canal block. The product combines bupivacaine with multivesicular liposomes, a proven product delivery technology that delivers medication over a desired time period. EXPAREL represents the first and only multivesicular liposome local anesthetic that can be utilized in the peri- or postsurgical setting. By utilizing the multivesicular liposome platform, a single dose of EXPAREL delivers bupivacaine over time, providing significant reductions in cumulative pain scores with up to a 78 percent decrease in opioid consumption; the clinical benefit of the opioid reduction was not demonstrated. Additional information is available at www.EXPAREL.com.

Important Safety Information about EXPAREL for Patients

EXPAREL should not be used in obstetrical paracervical block anesthesia. In studies in adults where EXPAREL was injected into a wound, the most common side effects were nausea, constipation, and vomiting. In studies in adults where EXPAREL was injected near a nerve, the most common side effects were nausea, fever, and constipation. In the study where EXPAREL was given to children, the most common side effects were nausea, vomiting, constipation, low blood pressure, low number of red blood cells, muscle twitching, blurred vision, itching, and rapid heartbeat. EXPAREL can cause a temporary loss of feeling and/or loss of muscle movement. How much and how long the loss of feeling and/or muscle movement depends on where and how much of EXPAREL was injected and may last for up to 5 days. EXPAREL is not recommended to be used in patients younger than 6 years old for injection into the wound, for patients younger than 18 years old, for injection near a nerve, and/or in pregnant women. Tell your health care provider if you or your child has liver disease, since this may affect how the active ingredient (bupivacaine) in EXPAREL is eliminated from the body. EXPAREL should not be injected into the spine, joints, or veins. The active ingredient in EXPAREL can affect the nervous system and the cardiovascular system; may cause an allergic reaction; may cause damage if injected into the joints; and can cause a rare blood disorder.

About ZILRETTA (triamcinolone acetonide extended-release injectable suspension)

On October 6, 2017, ZILRETTA was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as the first and only extended-release intra-articular therapy for patients confronting osteoarthritis (OA)- related knee pain. ZILRETTA employs proprietary microsphere technology combining triamcinolone acetonidea commonly administered, short-acting corticosteroidwith a poly lactic-co-glycolic acid (PLGA) matrix to provide extended pain relief. The pivotal Phase 3 trial on which the approval of ZILRETTA was based showed that ZILRETTA significantly reduced OA knee pain for 12 weeks, with some people experiencing pain relief through Week 16. Learn more at www.zilretta.com.

Indication and Select Important Safety Information for ZILRETTA

Indication: ZILRETTA is indicated as an intra-articular injection for the management of OA pain of the knee. Limitation of Use: The efficacy and safety of repeat administration of ZILRETTA have not been demonstrated.

Contraindication: ZILRETTA is contraindicated in patients who are hypersensitive to triamcinolone acetonide, corticosteroids or any components of the product.

Warnings and Precautions:

Intra-articular Use Only: ZILRETTA has not been evaluated and should not be administered by epidural, intrathecal, intravenous, intraocular, intramuscular, intradermal, or subcutaneous routes. ZILRETTA should not be considered safe for epidural or intrathecal administration.

Serious Neurologic Adverse Reactions with Epidural and Intrathecal Administration: Serious neurologic events have been reported following epidural or intrathecal corticosteroid administration. Corticosteroids are not approved for this use.

Hypersensitivity reactions: Serious reactions have been reported with triamcinolone acetonide injection. Institute appropriate care if an anaphylactic reaction occurs.

Joint infection and damage: A marked increase in joint pain, joint swelling, restricted motion, fever and malaise may suggest septic arthritis. If this occurs, conduct appropriate evaluation and if confirmed, institute appropriate antimicrobial treatment.

Adverse Reactions: The most commonly reported adverse reactions (incidence 1%) in clinical studies included sinusitis, cough, and contusions.

Please see ZILRETTALabel.com for full Prescribing Information.

About iovera

The iovera system is used to destroy tissue during surgical procedures by applying freezing cold. It can also be used to produce lesions in peripheral nervous tissue by the application of cold to the selected site for the blocking of pain. It is also indicated for the relief of pain and symptoms associated with osteoarthritis of the knee for up to 90 days. In one study, the majority of the patients suffering from osteoarthritis of the knee experienced pain and system relief beyond 150 days. When stimulation compatible components are used, the iovera system can also facilitate targeting nerve location by 

conducting electrical nerve stimulation from a compatible 3rd party nerve stimulator. The iovera system is not indicated for treatment of central nervous system tissue.

Indication and Select Important Safety Information for iovera

Indication: iovera applies freezing cold to peripheral nerve tissue to block and/or relieve pain for up to 90 days. It should not be used to treat central nervous system tissue.

Important Safety Information

Do not receive treatment with iovera if you experience hypersensitivity to cold or have open and/or infected wounds near the treatment site. 

You may experience bruising, swelling, inflammation and/or redness, local pain and/or tenderness, and altered feeling at the site of application. 

In treatment area(s), you may experience damage to the skin, skin darkening or lightening, and dimples in the skin.

You may experience a temporary loss of your ability to use your muscles normally outside of the treatment area.

Talk to your doctor before receiving treatment with iovera. 

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements in this press release about Paciras future expectations, plans, trends, outlook, projections and prospects, and other statements containing the words believes, anticipates, plans, estimates, expects, intends, may, will, would, could, can and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, statements related to 5x30, our growth and business strategy, our future outlook, contributions of new executives, our intellectual property and patent terms, our future operating results and trends, our strategy, plans, objectives, expectations (financial or otherwise) and intentions, future financial results and growth potential, including our plans with respect to the repayment of our indebtedness, anticipated product portfolio, development programs, development of products, strategic alliances, plans with respect to the Non-Opioids Prevent Addiction in the Nation (NOPAIN) Act and other statements that are not historical facts. For this purpose, any statement that is not a statement of historical fact should be considered a forward-looking statement. We cannot assure you that our estimates, assumptions and expectations will prove to have been correct. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including risks relating to, among others: risks associated with acquisitions, such as the risk that the acquired businesses will not be integrated successfully, that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the transaction will not occur; our manufacturing and supply chain, global and U.S. economic conditions (including inflation and rising interest rates), and our business, including our revenues, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations; the success of our sales and manufacturing efforts in support of the commercialization of EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera; the rate and degree of market acceptance of EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera; the size and growth of the potential markets for EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera and our ability to serve those markets; our plans to expand the use of EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera to additional indications and opportunities, and the timing 

and success of any related clinical trials for EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera; the commercial success of EXPAREL, ZILRETTA and iovera; the related timing and success of U.S. Food and Drug Administration supplemental New Drug Applications and premarket notification 510(k)s; the related timing and success of European Medicines Agency Marketing Authorization Applications; our plans to evaluate, develop and pursue additional product candidates utilizing our proprietary multivesicular liposome (pMVL) drug delivery technology; the approval of the commercialization of our products in other jurisdictions; clinical trials in support of an existing or potential pMVL-based product; our commercialization and marketing capabilities; our ability to successfully complete capital projects; the outcome of any litigation; the ability to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our existing business; the recoverability of our deferred tax assets; assumptions associated with contingent consideration payments; assumptions used for estimated future cash flows associated with determining the fair value of the Company; the anticipated funding or benefits of our share repurchase program; and factors discussed in the Risk Factors of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings that we periodically make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

In addition, the forward-looking statements included in this press release represent our views as of the date of this press release. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking statements, and as such we anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and readers should not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.

###

Investor Contact:

Susan Mesco, (973) 451-4030

susan.mesco@pacira.com 

Media Contact:

Sara Marino, (973) 370-5430

sara.marino@pacira.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pcrx-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pcrx-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Document Period Start Date 
Document Period Start Date 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover page. 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pcrx-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>paciralogo2025a.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>PACIRA BIOSCIENCES LOGO
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Jan. 16, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Entity Registrant Name PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-35060

Entity Tax Identification Number 51-0619477

Entity Address, Address Line One 5401 West Kennedy Boulevard, Suite 890

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33609

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 553-6680

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol PCRX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001396814

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.pacira.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pcrx-20250116.htm 
pcrx-20250116.xsd 
pcrx-20250116_lab.xml 
pcrx-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001396814-25-000017-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>pcrx-20250116_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001396814 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

2025-01-16 
0001396814 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
PACIRA BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
DE 
001-35060 
51-0619477 
5401 West Kennedy Boulevard, Suite 890 
Tampa 
FL 
33609 
813 
553-6680 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
PCRX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>