<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-004788.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-004788.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415160530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-004788
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OpenLocker Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924396
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				043021770
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24520
		FILM NUMBER:		25839503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-351-9195

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 PALM BEACH LAKES BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 820
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Descrypto Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	W Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Winning Edge International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061030
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000092439600009243962025-04-092025-04-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 9, 2025

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 000-24520 04-3021770

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (305)351-9195

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of Each Class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of Each Exchange on Which Registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 9, 2025, OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with the five purchasers signatory thereto (collectively, the Buyers), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and
sell to the Buyers a total of 426,501,851 shares of common stock (the Shares) for a total purchase price of $400,000 (the
Transaction). The Shares issued to the Buyers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement constitute 80% of the shares of common
stock of the Company outstanding on a fully diluted basis immediately following the closing.

As
a condition to closing, the parties agreed that all persons who were holders of 5% or more of the Companys common stock immediately
prior the closing must enter into a lock-up agreement with the Company, pursuant to which such persons agreed that they will not sell
or transfer (subject to certain customary exceptions) any shares of the Companys common stock for a period of 12 months following
the closing. The Form of Lock-Up Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this
Item 1.01 by reference.

In
addition, at the closing, (i) Laura Anthony resigned from her positions as a director and officer of the Company, (ii) Howard Gostfrand
and Brian Klatsky resigned from their positions as officers of the Company, and (iii) Renger van den Heuvel was appointed as the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Companys Board of Directors. In addition, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
Messrs. Gostfrand and Klatsky will resign from their positions as directors, effective ten days following the filing of an information
statement on Schedule 14f-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and the transmission of such information
statement to the Companys stockholders of record.

The
Purchase Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of the Company that are customary for a transaction of this nature.
The Purchase Agreement also contains indemnification obligations of the parties thereto. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of
which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.

Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Shares
are being offered and sold by the Company to the Buyers under the Purchase Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act.

Item
5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

Prior
to the closing of the Transaction, the existing officers and directors collectively owned 61.4% of the Companys outstanding common
stock and controlled the Company.

On
April 9, 2025, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which 426,501,851 shares of the Companys common stock,
representing 80% of the Companys outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis on that date, were issued to the Buyers pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement. The Transaction resulted in a change in control of the Company with the Buyers collectively owning
80% of the Companys outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis.

There
are presently no significant changes anticipated in the business or product lines of the Company.

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
April 9, 2025, 2025, (i) Laura Anthony resigned from her positions as a director and officer of the Company, (ii) Howard Gostfrand and
Brian Klatsky resigned from their positions as officers of the Company, and (iii) Renger van den Heuvel was appointed as the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and as a member of the Companys Board of Directors.

The
biography of Mr. Van den Heuvel is as follows:

Renger
van den Heuvel (age 61) has served as the Chief Strategist of Jakota Capital AG, an investment services and advisory firm headquartered
in Zurich, since January 2025. From May 2024 to January 2025, Mr. van den Heuvel served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the
Board of Directors of Youngtimers AG, a private equity firm specializing in small and mid-cap public companies, turnaround, roll-up strategies
and special situations. Since September 2021, Mr. van den Heuvel has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Van + Van GmbH, an
event and project management company. From January 2021 to September 2023, Mr. van den Heuvel served as the Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director of Spark Art GmbH, an international art fair. From February 2020 to November 2022, Mr. van den Heuvel served as the
Chief Operating Officer at Blockchain.art, a blockchain-supported marketplace and e-commerce solution for galleries, museums and artists.
Mr. van den Heuvel graduated from Radboud University of Nijmegen in 1989 with a Masters in Dutch Law.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in
this report are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as believe,
intend, expect, anticipate, plan, potential, continue,
will, would or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties, and
there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These factors, risks and uncertainties are discussed in the registrants filings with the SEC. Investors should not
place any undue reliance on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown, uncertainties and other factors which are,
in some cases, beyond the registrants control which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements. Any forward-looking statement reflects the registrants current views with respect to future events
and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to operations, results of operations, growth strategy
and liquidity. The registrant assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or
to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new
information becomes available in the future, except as required by U.S. federal securities laws.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2025, by and between OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. and Jakota Capital AG, et al.*

10.2 Form of Lock-Up Agreement.

104
Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Certain
schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish
supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules or exhibits upon request by the SEC.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

Dated:
April 15, 2025 By: /s/
Renger van den Heuvel

Name: Renger
van den Heuvel

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Stock
Purchase Agreement

By
and Between

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

and

The
Other Parties as set Forth Herein

Table
of Contents

Article
I. Definitions
and Interpretation 1

Section
1.01 Definitions 1

Section
1.02 Interpretive
Provisions. 2

Article
II. Purchase
and Sale 3

Section
2.01 Purchase;
Closing. 3

Section
2.02 Lock-Up
Agreements. 3

Section
2.03 Call
Agreements. 3

Section
2.04 Deliverables
at the Closing. 4

Section
2.05 Distribution
of Purchase Price. 5

Section
2.06 Directors
and Officers; Cooperation. 5

Article
III. Representations
and Warranties of the Company 6

Section
3.01 Organization
and Standing. 6

Section
3.02 Authorization
of Transactions. 6

Section
3.03 Capitalization;
Valid Issuance. 6

Section
3.04 Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention. 7

Section
3.05 Compliance
with Laws. 7

Section
3.06 Brokers. 7

Section
3.07 Financial
Statements; Accounts Payable; No Undisclosed Liabilities. 7

Section
3.08 SEC
Reporting and Compliance. 8

Section
3.09 Litigation. 8

Article
IV. Representations
and Warranties of Each Buyer 9

Section
4.01 Authorization
of Transactions. 9

Section
4.02 Governmental
Approvals; Non-contravention. 9

Section
4.03 Investment
Representations. 9

Section
4.04 Brokers. 11

Article
V. Covenants
and Additional Agreements 11

Section
5.01 Confidentiality. 11

Section
5.02 Further
Assurances. 15

Article
VI. Indemnification 15

Section
6.01 Indemnification
Generally. 15

Section
6.02 Procedures
for Indemnification. 15

Section
6.03 Payment. 16

Section
6.04 Effect
of Knowledge on Indemnification. 17

Article
VII. Miscellaneous 17

Section
7.01 Notices. 17

Section
7.02 Attorneys
Fees. 17

Section
7.03 Buyers
Representative. 18

Section
7.04 Amendments;
No Waivers. 18

Section
7.05 No
Consequential or Punitive Damages. 19

Section
7.06 Expenses. 19

Section
7.07 Successors
and Assigns; Benefit. 19

Section
7.08 Third-Party
Beneficiaries. 19

Section
7.09 Governing
Law; Etc. 19

Section
7.10 Specific
Performance. 20

Section
7.11 Survival. 20

Section
7.12 Independent
Nature of Buyers Obligations and Rights. 21

Section
7.13 Severability. 21

Section
7.14 Entire
Agreement. 21

Section
7.15 Counterparts. 21

Schedule
1 Schedule
of Buyers

Exhibit
A Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

Exhibit
B Form
of Call Agreement

i

Stock
Purchase Agreement

This
Stock Purchase Agreement (together with all exhibits and schedules hereto, this Agreement) is entered into as of April
9, 2025 (the Closing Date), by and between (i) OpenLocker Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
(ii) the persons or entities as set forth on the signature pages hereunder below the heading Buyers (each, a Buyer
and collectively the Buyers) and (iii) JAKOTA Capital AG, a Swiss corporation, as the representative of the Buyers (the
Buyers Representative). The Company, the Buyers and the Buyers Representative may be referred to herein together
as the Parties and individually as a Party.

WHEREAS,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company desires to issue and sell to Buyers certain shares of common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), and Buyers desire to acquire from the Company such
securities;

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

Article
I. Definitions
and Interpretation

Section
1.01 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms, as used herein, have the
following meanings:

(a) Action
means any legal action, suit, claim, investigation, hearing or proceeding, including any
audit, claim or assessment for taxes or otherwise.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls,
is Controlled by or is under common Control with, the specified Person.

(c) Business
Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any legal holiday or a day on which
banking institutions in Delaware generally are authorized or required by Law or other governmental
actions to close.

(d) Control
means (a) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 10% or more of the
securities or other equity interests of a Person having ordinary voting power, (b) the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, by contractor otherwise, or (c) being a director, officer, executor,
trustee or fiduciary (or their equivalents) of a Person or a Person that controls such Person.

(e) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulation
promulgated thereunder.

(f) Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, municipal, local or foreign government and any
court, tribunal, arbitral body, administrative agency, department, subdivision, entity, commission
or other governmental, government appointed, quasi-governmental or regulatory authority,
reporting entity or agency, domestic, foreign or supranational.

(g) Law
means any applicable foreign, federal, state or local law (including common law), statute,
treaty, rule, directive, regulation, ordinances and similar provisions having the force or
effect of law or an Order of any Governmental Authority.

1

(h) Liabilities
means liabilities, obligations or responsibilities of any nature whatsoever, whether direct
or indirect, matured or un-matured, fixed or unfixed, known or unknown, asserted or unasserted,
choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, absolute, contingent
or otherwise, including any direct or indirect indebtedness, guaranty, endorsement, claim,
loss, damage, deficiency, cost or expense.

(i) Losses
means any losses, damages, deficiencies, Liabilities, assessments, fines, penalties, judgments,
actions, claims, costs, disbursements, fees, expenses or settlements of any kind or nature,
including legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses.

(j) Order
means any judgment, writ, decree, determination, award, compliance agreement, settlement
agreement, injunction, ruling, charge, judicial or administrative order, determination or
other restriction of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator.

(k) Person
means a natural person, a corporation, a limited liability company, a partnership, an association,
a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision
or any agency or instrumentality thereof.

(l) Representative
means, with respect to any Person, any and all directors, officers, employees, consultants,
financial advisors, counsel, accountants and other agents of such Person.

(m) Securities
Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulation promulgated thereunder.

(n) Transaction
Documents means this Agreement and any other agreement, document, certificate or writing
delivered or to be delivered in connection with this Agreement and any other document related
to the Transactions related to the forgoing, including, without limitations, those delivered
at the Closing.

(o) Transactions
means the purchase and sale of the Shares and the other transactions contemplated under the
Transaction Documents.

Section
1.02 Interpretive Provisions. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and
will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning
when used in the plural, and vice versa; the terms Dollars and $ mean United States Dollars. Reference in
this Agreement to gender shall include all genders, and words imparting the singular number only shall include the plural and vice versa.
The use of the terms hereunder, hereof, hereto and words of similar import shall refer to this
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or clause of or Exhibit, Annex or Schedule to this Agreement. The use
of the terms including or include shall in all cases herein mean including, without limitation
or include, without limitation, respectively. With respect to the determination of any period of time, the word from
means from and including and the words to and until each means to but excluding.
Reference to any Person includes such Persons predecessors, successors and assigns to the extent, in the case of successors and
assigns, such successors and assigns are permitted by the terms of any applicable agreement however, that nothing contained herein is
intended to authorize any assignment or transfer not otherwise permitted by this Agreement. Reference to a Person in a particular capacity
excludes such Person in any other capacity or individually. Reference to any agreement (including this Agreement), document or instrument
means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof
and, if applicable, the terms hereof. Reference to any Law means such Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or re-enacted, in
whole or in part, including rules, regulations, enforcement procedures and any interpretations promulgated thereunder. Underscored references
to Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules shall refer to those portions of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between language
or amounts contained in the body of this Agreement and language or amounts contained in the Exhibits attached hereto, the language or
amounts in the body of the Agreement shall control.

2

Article
II. Purchase
and Sale

Section
2.01 Purchase; Closing.

(a) Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, subject to the provisions of Section
2.01(b), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyers, collectively, 426,501,851 shares
of Common Stock (the Shares) for a price of $0.000937862 per Share, for a resulting
total purchase price of $400,000 (Purchase Price). Subject to the terms and
conditions herein, the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares (the Closing)
shall occur on the Closing Date, immediately following the execution of this Agreement, via
the exchange of documents electronically, as agreed to by the Parties, as set forth below.

(b) The
Parties acknowledge and agree that the number of Shares to be sold to the Buyers, collectively,
as set forth in Section 2.01(a) has been determined based on the Company having 44,442,924
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and an additional 62,182,539 shares of Common
Stock issuable on the exercise of options and warrants, and conversion of outstanding convertible
preferred stock, and therefore having a total of 106,625,463 shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of the Closing Date, and therefore the Shares
to be issued and sold to the Buyers, collectively, will constitute 80% of the shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of immediately following the Closing.

(c) At
the Closing, each Buyer shall acquire the number of Shares as set forth opposite such Buyers
name on Schedule 1 attached hereto (the Schedule of Buyers) in exchange for
the portion of the Purchase Price as set forth on the Schedule of Buyers (such amount as
to each Buyer, the Buyer Purchase Price).

Section
2.02 Lock-Up Agreements. At the Closing, the Company and any holders of greater than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
will execute and deliver lock-up agreements, each in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-Up Agreements).

Section
2.03 Call Agreements. At the Closing, the Company on the one hand, and each of Leone Group, LLC, American Capital Ventures, Inc.,
and Brian Klatsky on the other hand, will execute and deliver a Call Agreement, each in the form as attached hereto as Exhibit B (the
Call Agreements).

3

Section
2.04 Deliverables at the Closing.

(a) At
the Closing:

(i) Each
Buyer shall deliver the applicable Buyer Purchase Price for such Buyer to Anthony, Linder
& Cacomanolis, PLLC, counsel to the Company (Company Counsel), which payments
shall be placed in Company Counsels escrow account, and shall be further distributed
as set forth in Section 2.05;

(ii) the
Buyers Representative shall deliver to the Company a certificate from Buyers
Representative, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, (1) attaching
and certifying copies of the resolutions of the boards of director or other governing bodies
of each Buyer authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the
other Transaction Documents and the Transactions; and (2) certifying the name, title and
true signature of each officer of each Buyer executing or authorized to execute this Agreement,
the Transaction Documents, and such other documents, instruments and certifications required
or contemplated hereby or thereby;

(iii) the
Buyers Representative shall deliver to the Company the Call Agreements, each duly
executed by an authorized officer of the Buyers Representative; and

(iv) the
Buyers Representative and the Buyers shall deliver to the Company such other documents
as the Company may reasonably request for the purpose of evidencing the accuracy of the Buyers
representations and warranties; evidencing the performance by the Buyers of, or the compliance
by the Buyers with, any covenant or obligation required to be performed or complied with
by the Buyers hereunder, or otherwise facilitating the consummation or performance of the
Closing.

(b) At
the Closing the Company shall:

(i) issue
to each Buyer the number of Shares as applicable for such Buyer as set forth on the Schedule
of Buyers, in each via book entry in the books and records of the Company, and the Parties
acknowledge that the Shares shall not be certificated;

(ii) deliver
to the Buyers Representative on behalf of the Buyers a certificate in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to Buyer (1) attaching and certifying copies of the resolutions of
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the Transactions;
and (2) certifying the name, title and true signature of each officer of the Company executing
or authorized to execute this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, and such other documents,
instruments and certifications required or contemplated hereby or thereby;

(iii) deliver
to the Buyers Representative the Lock-Up Agreements, duly executed by the Company
and each applicable counterparty thereto;

(iv) deliver
to the Buyers Representative the resignations of (1) Laura Anthony from her positions
as a director and officer of the Company and (2) Howard Gostfrand and Brian Klatsky from
their positions as officers of the Company, in form and substance acceptable to the Buyers
Representative, to be effective as of the Closing;

4

(v) deliver
to the Buyers Representative the resignations of Howard Gostfrand and Brian Klatsky
from their positions as directors of the Company, in form and substance acceptable to the
Buyers Representative, to be effective ten (10) days following the filing by the Company
of the Schedule 14F-1 described in Section 2.06;

(vi) deliver
to the Buyers Representative a legal opinion of Company Counsel, directed to the Buyers,
in form and substance acceptable to the Buyers Representative, opining on (1) the
due incorporation, existence and good standing of the Company, (2) the corporate power and
authority of the Company to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, the other Transaction
Documents and the Transactions, (3) the validity and enforceability of this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party, and (4) the fact that the
Company SEC Documents (as defined herein) have been prepared in accordance with applicable
laws and regulations in all material respects and do not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
contained therein not misleading, provided that Company Counsel shall not provide any opinion
on the financial statements as included in the SEC Documents.

(vii) deliver
to the Buyers Representative the Call Agreements, duly executed by each counterparty
thereto other than the Buyers Representative; and

(viii) deliver
to Buyers Representative such other documents as the Buyers Representative
may reasonably request for the purpose of evidencing the accuracy of the Companys
representations and warranties; evidencing the performance by the Company of, or the compliance
by the Company with, any covenant or obligation required to be performed or complied with
by the Company hereunder, or otherwise facilitating the consummation or performance of the
Closing.

Section
2.05 Distribution of Purchase Price. At the Closing, Company Counsel shall distribute the Purchase Price from its escrow account
to repay the then-current operating payables and other debt of the Company, as set forth in Section 3.07(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedules (as defined below), and shall provide evidence to the Buyers Representative that such payments have been made, and thereafter
any remaining portion of the Purchase Price shall be paid to the Company.

Section
2.06 Directors and Officers; Cooperation. At the Closing, (i) Laura Anthony shall resign as a director of the Company and from
all positions she may hold as an officer of the Company; (ii) Howard Gostfrand shall resign from all positions he may hold as an officer
of the Company; (iii) Brian Klatsky shall resign from all positions he may hold as an officer of the Company; and (iv) Renger van den
Heuvel shall have been named as a director of the Company and as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company by the current full Board
of Directors. The Parties agree that following the Closing, the Company shall undertake the filing of a Schedule 14F-1 with the SEC to
provide notice of the change in the composition of the Board of Directors in accordance with applicable securities laws and regulations
shall take all actions necessary to ensure compliance with the filing and related obligations, which Schedule 14F-1 shall disclose that,
10 days after the filing of the Schedule 14F-1, Howard Gostfrand and Brian Klatsky shall resign as directors of the Company. Additionally,
the Company shall cooperate with the Buyers efforts to change the corporate name of the Company in Delaware, if required, and
take all necessary actions to effect such name change promptly following the Closing. Following the Closing, the prior directors and
officers of the Company shall reasonably cooperate with the Company, at the cost of the Company with the completion by the Company of
the Schedule 14F-1 and of an application expected to be made by the Company with the OTC Markets as a result of the replacement of the
OTC Pink level of the OTC Markets with the OTCID level of the OTC Markets.

5

Article
III. Representations and Warranties of the Company

Except
as set forth in the disclosure schedules delivered by the Company on the Closing Date (the Company Disclosure Schedules),
the section numbers of which are numbered to correspond to the section numbers of this Agreement to which they refer, the Company represents
and warrants to Buyers that the following representations and warranties contained in this Article III are true and correct as of
the Closing Date:

Section
3.01 Organization and Standing. The Company is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware. A complete and correct copy of its certificate of incorporation and by-laws as now in effect are included in the Company
SEC Documents (as defined below). The Company has full corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted
and as now proposed to be conducted and to own or lease its properties and assets. Other than as set forth in the Company SEC Documents,
the Company has no subsidiaries or direct or indirect interest (by way of stock ownership or otherwise) in any firm, corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or business.

Section
3.02 Authorization of Transactions. The Company is a corporation duly authorized and in good standing in the State of Delaware.
The Company has the requisite power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party and
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the applicable Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of the Company.
The Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company. Each Transaction
Document to which the Company is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms and conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency or other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable
remedies.

Section
3.03 Capitalization; Valid Issuance.

(a) All
of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company have been duly authorized for
issuance without violation of any preemptive or similar rights and, when issued in accordance
with the terms and conditions herein, will be validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable.
Prior to the Closing, the Company has converted all of the issued and outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series
A Stock) into shares of Common Stock, and there are no issued and outstanding shares
of Series A Stock as of the Closing.

6

(b) None
of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company were issued in violation of
any agreement, arrangement or commitment to which the Company is a party or is subject to
or in violation of any preemptive or similar rights of any Person. There are no outstanding
rights, options, warrants, convertible securities, conversion rights, exchange rights or
other agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character relating to the equity interests
of the Company or Company to issue or sell any shares (or securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for, or any other interest in, any shares). The Company is not
obligated to redeem or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding shares. There are no voting
trusts, stockholder agreements, proxies, or other agreements or understandings in effect
with respect to the voting or transfer of any shares of the Company. Upon the consummation
of the Transactions, Buyer shall own, directly or indirectly, all of the Shares, free and
clear of all liens (other than restrictions under applicable state and federal securities
Laws).

Section
3.04 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Authority or Person is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance
by the Company of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Company is
a party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents to which
the Company is a party, and the consummation by the Company of the Transactions, do not (i)
violate any Laws or Orders to which the Company is subject or (ii) violate, breach or conflict
with any provision of the Companys organizational documents.

Section
3.05 Compliance with Laws. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it. During the past
three (3) years, the Company has not received any written notice from any Governmental Authority that asserts a failure to comply with
any applicable Laws or governmental orders, and no claims have been filed against the Company, alleging any violation of any Law, except
as set forth on Section 3.05 of the Company Disclosure Schedules.

Section
3.06 Brokers. The Company has not engaged, or caused to be incurred any Liability or obligation to, any investment banker, finder,
broker or sales agent or any other Person in connection with the origin, negotiation, execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction
Documents to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Section
3.07 Financial Statements; Accounts Payable; No Undisclosed Liabilities.

(a) The
audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and supporting schedules of the
Company contained in the Company SEC Documents (i) are in accordance with the books and records
of the Company, (ii) present fairly in all material respects the financial condition of the
Company at the dates therein specified and the results of its operations and changes in financial
position for the periods therein specified and (iii) have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis consistent with prior accounting
periods.

(b) The
debt and accounts payable of the Company as of the Closing Date, and which shall be repaid
with a portion of the Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2.05, are as set forth in Section
3.07(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, and, following payment of such amounts, the
Company shall have no debts or amounts payable other than a de minimis amount of all such
liabilities less than $5,000.

7

(c) The
Company has no Liabilities except (i) to the extent adequately reflected or reserved for
in the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and supporting schedules
of the Company contained in the Company SEC Documents or (ii) those which have been incurred
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and which are not, individually
or in the aggregate, material in amount.

Section
3.08 SEC Reporting and Compliance.

(a) The
Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
all registration statements, proxy statements, information statements and reports required
to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has not filed with the Commission a
certificate on Form 15 pursuant to Rule 12h-3 under the Exchange Act.

(b) True
and complete copies of the registration statements, information statements and other reports
(collectively, the Company SEC Documents) filed by Company with the Commission
are available on the EDGAR system. None of the Company SEC Documents, as of their respective
dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not misleading.

(c) The
Company has not filed, and nothing has occurred with respect to which the Company would be
required to file, any report on Form 8-K since December 31, 2024, other than those filings
which have been made with the Commission, and other than such filings as may be required
with respect to this Agreement and the Transactions.

(d) The
Company is not an investment company within the meaning of Section 3 of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended.

(e) The
shares of Company Common Stock are quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace under the symbol OLKR,
and the Company is in compliance in all material respects with all rules and regulations
of the OTC Markets Group applicable to it and the Common Stock.

(f) To
the knowledge of the Company, the Company has otherwise complied with the Securities Act,
Exchange Act and all other applicable federal and state securities laws, in all material
respects.

Section
3.09 Litigation. There is no legal action, suit, arbitration or other legal, administrative or other governmental proceeding pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or its properties, assets or business. To the knowledge
of the Company, the Company is not in default with respect to any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of
any court or any governmental agency or instrumentality or arbitration authority.

8

Article
IV. Representations
and Warranties of Each Buyer

Each
Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that the following statements contained in this Article IV are true and correct as
of the Closing Date, with any reference in this Article IV to a Buyer being a reference to the Buyer making the following
representations and warranties:

Section
4.01 Authorization of Transactions. Buyer is a natural person or is an entity duly authorized and in good standing in the jurisdiction
of its organization and has the requisite power and capacity to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents, to which it is a party
and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of the applicable Transaction
Documents and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite action on the part of Buyer.
The Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party have been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer. Each Transaction Document
to which Buyer is a party constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with
its terms and conditions, except to the extent enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies.

Section
4.02 Governmental Approvals; Non-contravention.

(a) No
consent, Order, action or non-action of, or filing, notification, declaration or registration
with, any Governmental Authority is necessary for the execution, delivery or performance
by Buyer of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which Buyer is a party.

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of the Transaction Documents to which Buyer
is a party, and the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions, do not (i) violate any Laws
or Orders to which Buyer is subject or (ii) violate, breach or conflict with any provision
of Buyers organizational documents.

Section
4.03 Investment Representations.

(a) Buyer
understands and agrees that the consummation of this Agreement including the delivery to
Buyer of such Buyers portion of Shares set forth on the Schedule of Buyers (as to
such Buyer, the Buyer Shares) constitutes the offer and sale of securities
under the Securities Act and applicable state statutes and that the Buyer Shares are being
acquired for Buyers own account and not with a present view towards the public sale
or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration
under the Securities Act.

(b) Buyer
is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act (an Accredited Investor).

(c) Buyer
understands that the Buyer Shares are being offered and sold to Buyer in reliance upon specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities
Laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and Buyers compliance
with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of
Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the
eligibility of Buyer to acquire the Buyer Shares.

(d) Buyer
and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the Company
and its business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer
and sale of the Buyer Shares which have been requested by Buyer or its advisors. Buyer and
its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company.
Buyer understands that its investment in the Buyer Shares involves a significant degree of
risk.

9

(e) At
no time was Buyer presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or magazine article,
radio or television advertisement, or any other form of general advertising or solicited
or invited to attend a promotional meeting otherwise than in connection and concurrently
with such communicated offer. Buyer is not purchasing the Buyer Shares acquired by Buyer
hereunder as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising,
as such terms are defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act, which includes, but is
not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Buyer
Shares acquired by Buyer hereunder published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media
or on the internet or broadcast over television, radio or the internet or presented at any
seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Buyer
is acquiring the Buyer Shares for its own account as principal, not as a nominee or agent,
for investment purposes only, and not with a view to, or for, resale, distribution or fractionalization
thereof in whole or in part and no other person has a direct or indirect beneficial interest
in the Buyer Shares. Further, Buyer does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or
arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to
any third person, with respect to the Buyer Shares.

(g) Buyer
understands that (i) the sale or re-sale of the Buyer Shares has not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Buyer Shares may not
be transferred unless (1) the Buyer Shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act; (2) Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the
cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Buyer Shares to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration,
which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (3) the Buyer Shares are sold or transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
(or a successor rule) (Rule 144) of Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer
the Buyer Shares only in accordance with this Section 4.03 to a Person who is an Accredited
Investor; (4) the Buyer Shares are sold pursuant to Rule 144; (5) the Buyer Shares are sold
pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation
S); or (6) the Buyer Shares are sold pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded
under Section 4(a)(1) or Section 4(a)(7) of the Securities Act, and Buyer shall have delivered
to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion
shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of Buyer Shares made in reliance on Rule
144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule
is not applicable, any re-sale of Buyer Shares under circumstances in which the seller (or
the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term
is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under
the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder; and (iii) neither
the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Buyer Shares under
the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions
of any exemption thereunder (in each case).

10

(h) Buyer,
either alone or together with its Representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and
experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of the prospective investment in the Buyer Shares, and has so evaluated the merits
and risks of such investment. Buyer is able to bear the economic risk of its investment in
the Buyer Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(i) Buyer
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other governmental or state
agency has passed on or made recommendations or endorsement of the Buyer Shares or the suitability
of the investment in the Buyer Shares nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the
merits of the Transactions set forth herein.

(j) Any
legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable
to the Buyer Shares represented by the certificate so legended shall be included on any certificates
representing the Buyer Shares. Buyer also understands that the Buyer Shares may bear the
following or a substantially similar legend:

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, NOR REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED
UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER SALE, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED
UNLESS QUALIFIED AND REGISTERED UNDER APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY, SUCH QUALIFICATION AND REGISTRATION ARE NOT REQUIRED. ANY TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
IS FURTHER SUBJECT TO OTHER RESTRICTIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS WHICH ARE NOT SET FORTH HEREIN.

Section
4.04 Brokers. Buyer has not engaged any investment banker, finder, broker or sales agent or any other Person in connection with
the origin, negotiation, execution, delivery or performance of any Transaction Document to which it is a party, or the Transactions.

Article
V. Covenants and Additional Agreements

Section
5.01 Confidentiality.

(a) Confidential
Information. For purposes of this Agreement, and except as provided below, Confidential
Information shall mean any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information,
data or know-how which relates to the business, research, services, products, customers,
suppliers, employees, or financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries and Affiliates,
including, but not limited to, the Diligence Items, product or service specifications, designs,
drawings, prototypes, computer programs, models, business plans, marketing plans, financial
data, financial statements, financial forecasts and statistical information, in each case
that is marked as confidential, proprietary or secret, or with an alternate legend or marking
indicating the confidentiality thereof or which, from the nature thereof should reasonably
be expected to be confidential or proprietary, and any other Material Non-Public Information
(as defined below), in each case which is disclosed by the Company or on its behalf, after
the date hereof, to any Buyer or the Buyers Representative either in writing, orally,
by inspection or in any other form or medium. Any technical or business information of a
third person furnished or disclosed shall be deemed Confidential Information
of the Company unless otherwise specifically indicated in writing to the contrary.

11

(b) Material
Non-Public Information. For purposes of this Agreement Material Non-Public Information
shall mean any information obtained by any Buyer or the Buyers Representative, whether
otherwise constituting Confidential Information or not, with respect to which there is a
substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider such information important
or valuable in making any of his, her or its investment decisions or recommendations to others
with respect to the Company or any of its equity securities or debt, or any derivatives thereof,
or information that is reasonably certain to have an effect on the price, value or trading
price of the Companys equity securities or debt, or any derivatives thereof, whether
positive or negative.

(c) Restrictions.

(i) Each
Buyer and the Buyers Representative agree to use the Confidential Information only
for the purpose of furthering and consummating the Transactions (the Purpose)
and shall use reasonable care not to disclose Confidential Information to any non-Affiliated
third party, such care to be at least equal to the care exercised by such Buyer or Buyer
Representative, as applicable, as to its own Confidential Information, which standard of
care shall not be less than the current industry standard in effect as of the date of such
receipt. Each Buyer and the Buyers Representative agrees that it shall make disclosure
of any such Confidential Information only to its Affiliates and their respective Representatives,
to whom disclosure is reasonably necessary for the Purpose. Each Buyer and the Buyers
Representative shall appropriately notify such Representatives that the disclosure is made
in confidence and shall be kept in confidence in accordance with this Agreement. Each Buyer
and the Buyers Representative shall be responsible for the failure of its Representatives
to comply with the terms of this Agreement. Without the prior consent of the Company, no
Buyer shall, and the Buyers Representative shall not, remove any proprietary, copyright,
trade secret or other protective legend from the Confidential Information.

(ii) Each
Buyer and the Buyers Representative acknowledges that the Confidential Information
disclosed hereunder may constitute Technical Data and may be subject to the
export laws and regulations of the United States. Each Buyer and the Buyers Representative
agrees it will not knowingly export, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information
or any direct product incorporating any Confidential Information, whether or not otherwise
permitted under this Agreement, to any countries, agencies, groups or companies prohibited
by the United States Government unless proper authorization is obtained.

(iii) Nothing
herein shall be construed as granting to any Buyer, the Buyers Representative or their
respective Affiliates any right or license to use or practice any of the information defined
herein as Confidential Information and which is subject to this Agreement as well as any
trade secrets, know-how, copyrights, inventions, patents or other intellectual property rights
now or hereafter owned or controlled by the Company. Except as allowed by applicable law,
none of any Buyer or the Buyers Representative shall use any trade name, service mark
or trademark of the Company or refer to the Company in any promotional or sales activity
or materials without first obtaining the prior written consent of the Company.

12

(d) Exceptions.
The obligations imposed in Section 5.01(c) shall not apply to any Confidential Information
that (i) was already in the possession of the applicable Buyer or the Buyers Representative
at the time of disclosure without restrictions on its use or is independently developed by
the applicable Buyer or the Buyers Representative after the Closing Date, provided
that the person or persons developing same have not used such information received from the
Company, or is rightfully obtained from a source other than from the Company; (ii) is in
the public domain at the time of disclosure or subsequently becomes available to the general
public through no fault of the applicable Buyer or the Buyers Representative; (iii)
is obtained by the applicable Buyer or the Buyers Representative from a third person
who is under no obligation of confidence to the Company; or (iv) is disclosed without restriction
by the Company.

(e) Return
of Confidential Information. Upon request by the Company made at any time, all Confidential
Information, together with any copies of same as may be authorized herein, shall be returned
to the Company, or destroyed and certified as such by an officer of each Buyer or the Buyers
Representative, as applicable, at each Buyers or the Buyers Representatives
option, as applicable. Each Buyer and the Buyers Representative may retain one copy
of all written Confidential Information for its files for reference in the event of a dispute
hereunder or as is necessary to comply with its document retention policies.

(f) Ownership
of Confidential Information. As between the Company and each Buyer and the Buyers
Representative, the Confidential Information and any Derivative thereof (as defined below),
whether created by the Company or a Buyer or the Buyers Representative, will remain
the property of the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Derivative shall
mean: (i) for copyrightable or copyrighted material, any translation, abridgement, revision
or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted, and which
constitutes a derivative work under the Copyright laws of the United States; (ii) for patentable
or patented material, any improvement thereon; and (iii) for material which is protected
by trade secret, any new material derived from such existing trade secret material, including
new material which may be protected by copyright, patent and/or trade secret.

(g) No
Rights or Obligations. Except for the restrictions on use and disclosure of Confidential
Information imposed in this Agreement, and other than as specifically set forth herein, no
obligation of any kind is assumed or implied against any Party or their Affiliates by virtue
of meetings or conversations between the Parties with respect to the subject matter stated
above or with respect to the exchange of Confidential Information. Each Party further acknowledges
that, other than as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement and any meetings and communications
of the Parties and their Affiliates relating to the same subject matter shall not (i) constitute
an offer, request, invitation or contract with the other Party to engage in any research,
development or other work; or (ii) constitute an offer, request, invitation or contract involving
a buyer-seller relationship, joint venture, teaming or partnership relationship between the
Parties and their Affiliates; or (iii) constitute a representation, warranty, assurance,
guarantee or inducement with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any Confidential
Information or the non-infringement of the rights of third persons.

13

(h) Acknowledgement.
Each Buyer and the Buyers Representative acknowledges and agrees that, with respect
to any information provided by the Company, its Affiliates, and their respective stockholders,
members, partners, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, advisors, and other
representatives, the Company and its Affiliates make no representations or warranties beyond
those expressly set forth in this Agreement. Each Buyer and the Buyers Representative
further acknowledges and agrees that such information may include certain statements, estimates
and projections provided by the Company with respect to anticipated future performance (forward
looking statements). Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement
that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance or achievements,
and may contain the words estimate, project, intend,
forecast, anticipate, plan, planning,
expect, believe, will likely, should,
could, would, may or words or expressions of similar
meaning. These forward-looking statements are based on significant assumptions and subjective
judgments by management of the Company. These assumptions and judgments may or may not prove
to be correct and there can be no assurance that any projected result will be attainable
or will be realized. As events and circumstances frequently do not occur as expected, there
will usually be differences between anticipated and actual future performance, and those
variances may be material. None of the Company or its Affiliates or any of their respective
stockholders, members, partners, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, advisors,
or other representatives makes any representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness
of such forward-looking statements except as may be set forth herein.

(i) Request
for Confidential Information Pursuant to Court or Other Proceeding. If any Buyer or the
Buyers Representative is requested or required (by oral questions, deposition, interrogatories,
subpoena, civil investigative demand or other similar non-criminal process) to disclose any
Confidential Information supplied to such Buyer or the Buyers Representative under
this Agreement, such Buyer or the Buyers Representative will provide the Company with
prompt written notice of such request(s) so that the Company may, at the Companys
option, (a) seek an appropriate protective order; (b) consult with such Buyer or the Buyers
Representative on the advisability of taking steps to resist or narrow such request or requirement;
or (c) waive in writing such Buyers or the Buyers Representatives compliance
with the provisions of this Agreement for the sole purpose of complying with the request.
If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a written waiver hereunder, such
Buyer or the Buyers Representative is nonetheless, in the reasonable opinion of its
counsel, compelled to disclose Confidential Information to any governmental tribunal or else
stand liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty, such Buyer or the Buyers
Representative will cooperate with the Company at the Companys expense in any attempt
that the Company may make to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be provided by such tribunal for all or designated portions of such Confidential
Information disclosed by the Company.

(j) No
License. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting any right or license
to the any Buyer or the Buyers Representative or any other Party, by implication or
otherwise, with respect to any Confidential Information, except for the limited purposes
set forth above.

14

Section
5.02 Further Assurances. At and following the Closing Date, each Party shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates to, execute
and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required
to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the Transactions.

Article
VI. Indemnification

Section
6.01 Indemnification Generally. Each Party (the Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
each other Party and such other Partys Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, managers, partners, employees,
agents, equity holders, successors and assigns (each, an Indemnified Party), from and against any and all Losses incurred
or suffered by any Indemnified Party arising out of, based upon or resulting from any breach of any representations or warranties of
the Indemnifying Party herein or breach by the Indemnifying Party of, or any failure the Indemnifying Party to perform, any of the covenants,
agreements or obligations contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement by the Indemnifying Party.

Section
6.02 Procedures for Indemnification. The following shall apply with respect to all claims by any Indemnified Party for indemnification
hereunder:

(a) Third-Party
Claims. If any Indemnified Party receives notice of the assertion or commencement of
any Action made or brought by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate
of a party to this Agreement or a Representative of the foregoing (a Third-Party Claim)
against such Indemnified Party with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated
to provide indemnification under this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying
Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any event not later than thirty (30)
calendar days after receipt of such notice of such Third-Party Claim. The failure to give
such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or
defenses by reason of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the
Third-Party Claim in reasonable detail, shall include copies of all material written evidence
thereof and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that
has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have
the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party, to assume
the defense of any Third-Party Claim at the Indemnifying Partys expense and by the
Indemnifying Partys own counsel, and the Indemnified Party shall cooperate in good
faith in such defense. In the event that the Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of any
Third-Party Claim, subject to Section 6.02(b), it shall have the right to take such
action as it deems necessary to avoid, dispute, defend, appeal or make counterclaims pertaining
to any such Third-Party Claim in the name and on behalf of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified
Party shall have the right to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim with counsel
selected by it subject to the Indemnifying Partys right to control the defense thereof,
provided that the fees and disbursements of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnified
Party.

15

(b) Settlement
of Third-Party Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Indemnifying
Party shall not enter into settlement of any Third-Party Claim without the prior written
consent of the Indemnified Party, except as provided in this Section 6.02(b). If a firm
offer is made to settle a Third-Party Claim without leading to liability or the creation
of a financial or other obligation on the part of the Indemnified Party and provides, in
customary form, for the unconditional release of each Indemnified Party from all liabilities
and obligations in connection with such Third-Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party desires
to accept and agree to such offer, the Indemnifying Party shall give written notice to that
effect to the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party consents to such firm offer the
Indemnifying Party may settle the Third-Party Claim upon the terms set forth in such firm
offer to settle such Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnified Party objects to such offer, or
does not provide a response to such firm offer within ten days after its receipt of such
notice (in which case the Indemnified Party shall be deemed to not have consented to such
offer), the Indemnified Party shall thereafter assume the defense of such Third-Party Claim
and shall continue to contest or defend such Third-Party Claim and in such event the maximum
liability of the Indemnifying Party as to such Third-Party Claim shall not exceed the amount
of such settlement offer. If the Indemnified Party has assumed the defense pursuant to this
Section 6.02(b), the Indemnified Party shall not agree to any settlement without the
written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed).

(c) Direct
Claims. Any Action by an Indemnified Party on account of a Loss which does not result
from a Third-Party Claim (a Direct Claim) shall be asserted by the Indemnified
Party giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written notice thereof, but in any
event not later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Indemnified Party becomes aware
of such Direct Claim. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however,
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the
extent that the Indemnifying Party forfeits rights or defenses by reason of such failure.
Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail,
shall include copies of all material written evidence thereof and shall indicate the estimated
amount, if reasonably practicable, of the Loss that has been or may be sustained by the Indemnified
Party. The Indemnifying Party shall have thirty (30) calendar days after its receipt of such
notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim. The Indemnified Party shall allow the
Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance
alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and to what extent any amount is payable
in respect of the Direct Claim and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying Partys
investigation by giving such information and assistance as the Indemnifying Party or any
of its professional advisors may reasonably request. If the Indemnifying Party does not so
respond within such thirty (30) calendar day period, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed
to have accepted liability for such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free
to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified Party on the terms and subject
to the provisions of this Agreement.

(a) Cooperation.
Upon a reasonable request made by the Indemnifying Party, each Indemnified Party seeking
indemnification hereunder in respect of any Direct Claim, hereby agrees to consult with the
Indemnifying Party and act reasonably to take actions reasonably requested by the Indemnifying
Party in order to attempt to reduce the amount of Losses in respect of such Direct Claim.
Any costs or expenses associated with taking such actions shall be included as Losses hereunder.

Section
6.03 Payment. Upon a determination of liability under this Article VI, the Indemnifying Party shall pay or cause to be paid
to the Indemnified Party the amount so determined within five (5) Business Days after the date of such determination. If there should
be a dispute as to the amount or manner of determination of any indemnity obligation owed under this Agreement, the Indemnifying Party
shall nevertheless pay when due such portion, if any, of the obligation that is not subject to dispute. Upon the payment in full of any
amounts due under this Article VI with respect to any claim, the Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to the rights of the Indemnified
Party against any Person with respect to the subject matter of such claim.

16

Section
6.04 Effect of Knowledge on Indemnification. The right to indemnification, reimbursement or other remedy based upon any representations,
warranties, covenants and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not be affected by any investigation conducted with respect to,
or any knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with any such representation, warranty, covenant or obligation. The waiver
of any condition based upon the accuracy of any representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with any covenant
or obligation, shall not affect the right to indemnification, reimbursement or other remedy based upon such representations, warranties,
covenants or obligations.

Article
VII. Miscellaneous

Section
7.01 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other
Party, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by email with return receipt requested and received
or nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such Party shall have furnished
to the other in writing in accordance herewith. All notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be deemed to have been
duly given (i) when delivered by hand, if personally delivered, (ii) when delivered by courier or overnight mail, if delivered by commercial
courier service or overnight mail, and (iii) on receipt of confirmed delivery, if sent by email. Subject to the foregoing, notice shall
be sent as follows:

If
to the Company, to:

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

Attn:
Howard Gostfrand

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West
Palm Beach, FL 33401

Email:

If
to any Buyer or to the Buyers Representative, to the Buyers Representative for further distribution to the applicable Buyer(s),
to:

JAKOTA
Capital AG

Attn:

Im
Grafenstein 30

8408
Winterthur

Switzerland

Email:

Section
7.02 Attorneys Fees. In the event that any Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure relief
from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered therein.

17

Section
7.03 Buyers Representative.

(a) Each
Buyer constitutes and appoints the Buyers Representative as its representative and
its true and lawful attorney in fact, with full power and authority in its name and on its
behalf:

(i) to
act on such Buyers behalf in the absolute discretion of Buyers Representative
with respect to all matters relating to this Agreement, including execution and delivery
of any amendment, supplement, or modification of this Agreement and any waiver of any claim
or right arising out of this Agreement or the provision of any consent or agreement hereunder;
and

(ii) in
general, to do all things and to perform all acts, including executing and delivering all
agreements, certificates, receipts, instructions, and other instruments contemplated by or
deemed advisable to effectuate the provisions of this Section 7.03.

(b) This
appointment and grant of power and authority is coupled with an interest and is in consideration
of the mutual covenants made in this Agreement and is irrevocable and will not be terminated
by any act of any Buyer or by operation of law, whether by the death or incapacity of any
Buyer or by the occurrence of any other event. Each Buyer hereby consents to the taking of
any and all actions and the making of any decisions required or permitted to be taken or
made by Buyers Representative pursuant to this Section 7.03. Each Buyer agrees
that Buyers Representative shall have no obligation or liability to any Person for
any action taken or omitted by Buyers Representative in good faith, even if taken
or omitted negligently, and each Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless Buyers Representative
from, and shall pay to Buyers Representative the amount of, or reimburse Buyers
Representative for, any loss that Buyers Representative may suffer, sustain, or become
subject to as a result of any claim made or threatened against Buyers Representative
in his capacity as such.

(c) The
Company shall be entitled to rely upon any document or other paper delivered by Buyers
Representative as being authorized by Buyers, and the Company shall not be liable to any
Buyer for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Company based on such reliance.

Section
7.04 Amendments; No Waivers.

(a) Other
than as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded,
terminated or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or
conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the Company and
the Buyers Representative on behalf of the Buyers.

(b) Every
right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no
waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by another Party shall be construed
as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or
existing.

18

(c) Neither
any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction
of any condition herein nor any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent
any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any condition.
No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party
or impairs any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any
right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement.
No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with
respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any
other breach.

Section
7.05 No Consequential or Punitive Damages.Notwithstanding anything else contained herein,
no Party shall seek, nor shall any Party be liable for, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, under any tort, contract, equity,
or other legal theory, with respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or any provision hereof or any matter otherwise
relating hereto or arising in connection herewith, other than for any punitive damages actually ordered by a Governmental Authority and
thereafter finally paid.

Section
7.06 Expenses. Unless otherwise contemplated or stipulated by this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement shall be paid by the Party incurring such cost or expense.

Section
7.07 Successors and Assigns; Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this
Agreement, or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim for
damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of this
Agreement, or any right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, in each case whether
by operation of the law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Parties and any such purported assignment in contravention
of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect.

Section
7.08 Third-Party Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Parties and, except as specifically provided herein, including
in Article VI, no director, officer, stockholder, employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to
be a third-Party beneficiary of this Agreement. Any Indemnified Party is an intended third party beneficiary of the provisions of Article
VI and may enforce such provisions, and such other provisions of this Agreement as required to give effect thereto, to the same extent
as though a party hereto.

Section
7.09 Governing Law; Etc.

(a) This
Agreement, and all matters based upon, arising out of or relating in any way to the Transactions
or the Transaction Documents, including all disputes, claims or causes of action arising
out of or relating to the Transactions or the Transaction Documents as well as the interpretation,
construction, performance and enforcement of the Transaction Documents, shall be governed
by the laws of the United States and the State of Delaware, without regard to any jurisdictions
conflict-of-laws principles and as applied to contracts to be wholly performed within the
State of Delaware.

19

(b) ANY
LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS OR THE CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE INSTITUTED SOLELY IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE
COURTS OR THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES WITH JURISDICTION IN DELAWARE AND EACH
PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION
OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING
OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE
NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

(c) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 7.09(c).

Section
7.10 Specific Performance. Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that each Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance of the terms hereof in addition
to any other remedy at law or in equity.

Section
7.11 Survival. The representations and warranties in Article IV and Article V of this Agreement shall survive the Closing for
a period of twelve (12) months from the Closing, and no claim for indemnification may be made after such time. All covenants and agreements
in this Agreement will survive until fully performed; provided, however, that, nothing herein shall prevent a Party from making any claim
hereunder, or relieve any other Party from any liability hereunder, after such time for any breach thereof.

20

Section
7.12 Independent Nature of Buyers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Buyer under the Transaction Documents
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Buyer, and no Buyer shall be responsible in any way for the performance of
the obligations of any other Buyer under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and
no action taken by any Buyer pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Buyers as, and the Company acknowledges that
the Buyers do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of group or entity, or create a presumption
that the Buyers are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity, and the Company shall not assert any such claim with respect
to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or any matters, and the Company acknowledges that the
Buyers are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The decision of each Buyer to purchase Shares pursuant to the Transaction
Documents has been made by such Buyer independently of any other Buyer. Each Buyer acknowledges that no other Buyer has acted as agent
for such Buyer in connection with such Buyer making its investment hereunder and that no other Buyer will be acting as agent of such
Buyer in connection with monitoring such Buyers investment in the Shares or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents.
The Company and each Buyer confirms that each Buyer has independently participated with the Company in the negotiation of the transaction
contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Buyer shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce
its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of any other Transaction Documents, and it
shall not be necessary for any other Buyer to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of a single
agreement to effectuate the purchase and sale of the Shares contemplated hereby was done solely for the convenience of the Company and
the Buyers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document
is between the Company and a Buyer, solely, and not between the Company and the Buyers collectively and not between and among the Buyers.

Section
7.13 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as
to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the Transactions are fulfilled
to the extent possible.

Section
7.14 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written,
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

Section
7.15 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all
of which taken together shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf
or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and
any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Signature
page follows]

21

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed effective as of the Closing Date.

OpenLocker Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name: Howard Gostfrand

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Buyers Representative: JAKOTA Capital AG

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Buyers:

Buyer name: Her Clique Inc.

By: 

Name: Izabela Depczyk

Title: President

Buyer name: Jakota Capital AG

By: 

Name: Ariane Gschwind

Title: 

Buyer name: Partum AG

By: 

Name: Arbra Ilijazi

Title: 

Buyer name: IndexAtlas AG

By: 

Name: Christian Eich

Title: 

Buyer name: Van + Van GmbH

By: 

Name: Renger van den Heuvel, Geschftsfhrung

Title: 

22

Schedule
1

Schedule
of Buyers

Buyer Shares Buyers
Purchase Price 

Her Clique
Inc. 40,188,456 $ 37,691.24 

Jakota Capital AG 251,177,851 $ 235,570.23 

Partum AG 50,235,570 $ 47,114.05 

IndexAtlas AG 60,282,684 $ 56,536.86 

Van + Van GmbH 24,617,290 $ 23,087.63 

Totals: 426,501,851 $ 400,000.00 

Exhibit
A

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

(Attached)

Exhibit
B

Form
of Call Agreement

(Attached)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Lock-Up
Agreement

Dated
as of [__________], 2025

Holder:
[___________________]

This
Lock-Up Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of the date first set forth above (the Effective Date), and
is entered into by and between OpenLocker Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) and the person or entity
as named above (the Holder). The Company and the Holder may be referred to herein collectively as the Parties
and individually as a Party.

WHEREAS,
the Company and JAKOTA Capital AG are the parties to that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date (the SPA),
and the closing of the transactions as set forth in the SPA is occurring as of the Effective Date,

WHEREAS,
the Holder is the holder of [_______________] shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common
Stock) as of the Effective Date (the Shares) and acknowledges and agrees that the consummation of the transactions
as set forth in the SPA is occurring as of the Effective Date will be a of a benefit to the Holder; and

WHEREAS,
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Holder is required as a condition to the closing of the transactions as set forth
in the SPA;

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section
1. Representations and Warranties. The Holder hereby represents and warrants that the Holder has full power and authority to
enter into this Agreement.

Section
2. Lock-Up. For a period from the date hereof until the 180 day anniversary of the Effective Date (the Lock-Up Period,
provided, however, that the Company may determine to shorten the Lock-Up Period in its sole discretion), and subject to the provisions
of Section 3, Holder will not, directly or indirectly:

(a) offer
for sale, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, or enter into any transaction or device that
is designed to, or could be expected to, result in the disposition by any person at any time
in the future (each, a Transfer) any of the Shares, including, without limitation,
Shares that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder in accordance with the rules
and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Shares that may be issued
upon exercise of any options or warrants, or securities convertible into or exercisable or
exchangeable for Shares;

(b) enter
into any swap or other derivatives transaction that transfers to another, in whole or in
part, any of the economic benefits or risks of ownership of Shares, whether any such transaction
is to be settled by delivery of Shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise; or

(c) publicly
disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.

Section
3. Leak-Out and Release of Shares.

(a) Following
the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, in each three month period following such expiration,
the Holder may Transfer a number of Shares equal to 20% of the Shares held by Holder as of
the Effective Date. Any Shares which are included within such 20% amount but which are not
sold within one three month period shall not be carried over to any subsequent three month
period. Any Shares which are not available to be sold pursuant to the provisions of this
Section 3(a) shall remain subject to the Transfer restrictions as set forth in Section
2.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, Holder may, directly or indirectly, Transfer all, or any
part, of any Shares to any person or entity (an Assignee) in a transaction
which does not need to be reported on principal securities exchange or market on which the
Common Stock is then traded, without complying with (or otherwise limited by) the restrictions
set forth in this Agreement; provided, that as a condition to any such sale or transfer an
authorized signatory of the Company and such Assignee shall duly execute and deliver a leak-out
agreement in the form of this Agreement (an Assignee Agreement, and each such
transfer a Permitted Transfer) and, subsequent to a Permitted Transfer, sales
of Holders and Holders Affiliates (as defined below) and all Assignees (other
than any such sales that constitute Permitted Transfers) shall be aggregated for all purposes
of this Agreement and Assignee Agreements.

(c) For
purposes herein and Affiliate of a Person means any other Person that directly
or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person, and the term control (including the terms
controlled by and under common control with) means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

Section
4. Exclusions. The provisions of Section 2, and the limitations in Section 3(a), shall not apply to: (i) transfers
of Shares as a bona fide gift; (ii) transfers of Shares to any trust, partnership, limited liability company or other entity for the
direct or indirect benefit of the Holder or the immediate family of the Holder; (iii) transfers of Shares to any beneficiary of the Holder
pursuant to a will, trust instrument or other testamentary document or applicable laws of descent; (iv) transfers of Shares to the Company
by way of repurchase or redemption; (v) transfers of Shares to any Affiliate of the Holder; or (vi) transfers of Shares by the Holder
pursuant to an underwritten secondary offering provided that, in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to clause (i), (ii),
(iii), or (v) or (vi) above, each donee, distributee or transferee shall sign and deliver to the Company, prior to such transfer, a lock-up
agreement substantially in the form of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, immediate family shall mean any
relationship by blood, marriage, domestic partnership or adoption, not more remote than first cousin.

2

Section
5. Right to Decline Transfer. The Company and its transfer agent on its behalf are hereby authorized (a) to decline to register
any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or breach of this Agreement and (b) to imprint on any certificate
representing Shares a legend describing the restrictions contained herein. Holder hereby authorizes the Company and its transfer agent,
during the Lock-Up Period, to place stop-transfer restrictions on the stock register and other records relating to the Shares.

Section
6. Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other
Party, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by email with return receipt requested and received
or nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as either Party shall have
furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. All notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be deemed to
have been duly given (i) when delivered by hand, if personally delivered, (ii) when delivered by courier or overnight mail, if delivered
by commercial courier service or overnight mail, and (iii) on receipt of confirmed delivery, if sent by email. Subject to the foregoing,
notice shall be sent as follows:

If
to the Company:

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

Attn:
[______________]

1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820

West
Palm Beach, FL 33401

E-mail:
[____________________]

If
to Holder, to:

[____________________]

[____________________]

[____________________]

Email:
[____________________]

Section
7. Attorneys Fees. In the event that either Party institutes any action or suit to enforce this Agreement or to secure
relief from any default hereunder or breach hereof, the prevailing Party shall be reimbursed by the losing Party for all costs,
including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred in connection therewith and in enforcing or collecting any judgment rendered
therein.

Section
8. Amendments; No Waivers.

(a) Other
than as specifically set forth herein, this Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded,
terminated or cancelled, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or
conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by the Parties.

(b) Every
right and remedy provided herein shall be cumulative with every other right and remedy, whether
conferred herein, at law, or in equity, and may be enforced concurrently herewith, and no
waiver by any Party of the performance of any obligation by another Party shall be construed
as a waiver of the same or any other default then, theretofore, or thereafter occurring or
existing.

3

(c) Neither
any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy hereunder or in requiring satisfaction
of any condition herein nor any course of dealing shall constitute a waiver of or prevent
any Party from enforcing any right or remedy or from requiring satisfaction of any condition.
No notice to or demand on a Party waives or otherwise affects any obligation of that Party
or impairs any right of the Party giving such notice or making such demand, including any
right to take any action without notice or demand not otherwise required by this Agreement.
No exercise of any right or remedy with respect to a breach of this Agreement shall preclude
exercise of any other right or remedy, as appropriate to make the aggrieved Party whole with
respect to such breach, or subsequent exercise of any right or remedy with respect to any
other breach.

Section 9. No
Consequential or Punitive Damages.Notwithstanding anything else contained herein, no
Party shall seek, nor shall any Party be liable for, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, under any tort, contract, equity,
or other legal theory, with respect to any breach (or alleged breach) of this Agreement or any provision hereof or any matter
otherwise relating hereto or arising in connection herewith, other than for any punitive damages actually ordered by a Governmental
Authority and thereafter finally paid. 

Section 10. Expenses.
Unless otherwise contemplated or stipulated by this Agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
shall be paid by the Party incurring such cost or expense. 

Section 11. Successors
and Assigns; Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No Party shall have any power or any right to assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this
Agreement, or any of its rights or any of its obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, any right to pursue any claim
for damages pursuant to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, or to pursue any claim for any breach or default of
this Agreement, or any right arising from the purported assignors due performance of its obligations hereunder, in each case
whether by operation of the law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Party and any such purported assignment
in contravention of the provisions herein shall be null and void and of no force or effect.

Section 12. Third-Party
Beneficiaries. This contract is strictly between the Parties and, except as specifically provided herein, no director, officer,
stockholder, employee, agent, independent contractor or any other Person shall be deemed to be a third-Party beneficiary of this
Agreement.

Section
13. Governing Law; Etc.

(a) This
Agreement, and all matters based upon, arising out of or relating in any way to the transactions
contemplated herein, including all disputes, claims or causes of action arising out of or
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, as well as the interpretation,
construction, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the United States and the State of Delaware, without regard to any jurisdictions
conflict-of-laws principles and as applied to contracts to be wholly performed within the
State of Delaware.

4

(b) ANY
LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS OR THE CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS SHALL BE INSTITUTED SOLELY IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE
COURTS OR THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES WITH JURISDICTION IN DELAWARE AND EACH
PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION
OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING
OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE
NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

(c) EACH
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS, THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE FINANCINGS
CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK
TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS Section 13(c).

Section
14. Specific Performance. Each Party agrees that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed
in accordance with the terms hereof and that each Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance of the terms hereof in addition
to any other remedy at law or in equity.

Section
15. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated herein is not affected in any manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination
that any provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement
so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated
herein are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 16. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof.

Section 17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall be but a single instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any
counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all
purposes.

[Signatures
appear on following page]

5

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Holder and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Effective Date.

OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

By: 

Name:
Howard
Gostfrand

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer

[_____________________]

By:

Name: 

Title: 

(if
applicable)

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>olkr-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>olkr-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>olkr-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 000-24520

Entity Registrant Name OpenLocker
Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000924396

Entity Tax Identification Number 04-3021770

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 1700
Palm Beach Lakes Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 820

Entity Address, City or Town West Palm Beach

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33401

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 351-9195

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://openlockerholdings.io/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
olkr-20250409.xsd 
olkr-20250409_lab.xml 
olkr-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-004788-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000924396 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000924396 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
OpenLocker Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
000-24520 
04-3021770 
1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd. 
Suite 820 
West Palm Beach 
FL 
33401 
(305) 
351-9195 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>