<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-026112.txt : 20250213
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-026112.hdr.sgml : 20250213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213163616
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-026112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250207
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			26North BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001950976
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01665
		FILM NUMBER:		25620927

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 MADISON AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-224-0620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 MADISON AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d816495d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000195097600019509762025-02-072025-02-07

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 7, 2025

26North BDC, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 000-56594 93-2305832

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

600 Madison Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY, 10022

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212)224-0626

Not Applicable

(Former name or address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Amendment No. 4 to Asset-Based Facility

On February 7, 2025, 26N DL Funding 1 LLC (Financing SPV), a wholly owned subsidiary of 26North BDC, Inc. (the Company), entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment No. 4) to that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2023 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of July 3, 2024, Amendment No. 2 dated as of September 30, 2024 and Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 15, 2024 and as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Asset-Based Facility), by and among Financing SPV, as borrower, the Company, as the parent and a pledgor, 26N DL SPV LLC, as a pledgor, 26North Direct Lending LP as portfolio manager, the lenders party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. Amendment No. 4 amended certain terms of the Asset-Based Facility, including, but not limited to, amendments to (i) remove unfunded Capital Commitments from the loan collateral under the facility and adjust the borrowing base in connection with such removal, (ii) remove the Company and 26N DL SPV LLC as pledgors under the agreement, and (iii) modify the interest charged on borrowings under the Asset-Based Facility to a rate based on SOFR, SONIA, SARON, EURIBOR or CORRA, as applicable (or, if SOFR is not available, a benchmark replacement or a base rate (which is the greater of the prime rate and the federal funds rate plus 0.50%), as applicable), plus a margin of 2.30% per annum. The other material terms of the Asset-Based Facility remain unchanged. Borrowings under the Asset-Based Facility are subject to various covenants under the related agreements as well as the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). 

Subscription Facility

On February 7, 2025, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, 26North Direct Lending LP, as portfolio manager, the lenders Party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Subscription Facility), providing for a senior secured revolving credit facility to the Company of $250 million. The size of the Subscription Facility may be increased to up to $750 million subject to the satisfaction of various conditions, including availability under the borrowing base, which is based on unfunded Capital Commitments of the investors in the Company. 26North Direct Lending LP serves as the portfolio manager under the Subscription Facility. Proceeds from borrowings under the Subscription Facility are to be used to, among other things, facilitate investments and for the timely payment of the Companys expenses. 

The Subscription Facility is a revolving credit facility with a scheduled maturity date of February 6, 2026 (or upon the occurrence of certain events as specified therein). Advances under the Subscription Facility are available in U.S. dollars and other permitted currencies. The interest charged on borrowings under the Subscription Facility is based on SOFR, SONIA, SARON, EURIBOR or CORRA, as applicable (or, if SOFR is not available, a benchmark replacement or a base rate (which is the greater of the prime rate and the federal funds rate plus 0.50%), as applicable), plus a margin of 2.30% per annum. Under the Subscription Facility, the Company will pay an undrawn fee of 0.50% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments; provided that at any time the aggregate outstanding amount of Advances under the Subscription Facility is greater than or equal to the Minimum Funding Amount, the Company will pay an undrawn fee of 0.30% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments. 

The obligations of the Company to the lenders under the Subscription Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in the unfunded Capital Commitments to the Company. 

In connection with the Subscription Facility, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Subscription Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of the Company occurs. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, the lenders under the Subscription Facility may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Subscription Facility immediately due and payable. Borrowings under the Subscription Facility are subject to various covenants under the related agreements as well as the leverage restrictions contained in the 1940 Act. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Item 1.01 shall have the meanings given to them in the Asset-Based Facility and Subscription Facility, as applicable. 

The description above is only a summary of the material provisions of Amendment No. 4 and the Subscription Facility and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this current report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 Amendment No. 4 to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among 26N DL Funding 1 LLC, as Borrower, 26North BDC, Inc., as Parent, 26North Direct Lending LP, as Portfolio Manager, the Lenders party thereto, the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent.

10.2 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2025, by and among 26N DL Funding 1 LLC, as Borrower, 26North BDC, Inc., as Parent and Pledgor, 26N DL SPV LLC, as Pledgor, 26North Direct Lending LP, as Portfolio Manager, the Lenders party thereto, the Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

26North BDC, Inc.

Date: February 13, 2025 By: 

/s/ Jonathan Landsberg

Jonathan Landsberg

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d816495dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

AMENDMENT NO.
4 TO 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

AMENDMENT NO. 4 (this Fourth Amendment) dated as of February 7, 2025 to the Loan and Security Agreement dated as of
October 18, 2023 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of July 3, 2024, by Amendment No. 2 dated September 30, 2024 and Amendment No. 3 dated November 15, 2024 and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan and Security Agreement), among 26N DL Funding 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Company); 26North BDC, Inc., a Maryland
corporation (the Parent), 26N DL SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 26North Direct Lending LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Portfolio Manager and together with the Company and the Parent, the
26N Parties); the Lenders party thereto; U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, in its capacity as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent); as collateral administrator (in such
capacity, the Collateral Administrator) and as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders
hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

WHEREAS, the parties hereto have agreed to amend the Loan and
Security Agreement as set forth below. 

Accordingly, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the
Loan and Security Agreement as amended by this Fourth Amendment. 

ARTICLE II 

AMENDMENTS TO THE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Section 2.01 Amendments to Loan and Security Agreement. Each of the parties hereto agrees that, effective on the Fourth
Amendment Effective Date, the Loan and Security Agreement shall be amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
stricken text) and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the pages
of the Loan and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto and Annex A to the Loan and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto. 

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.01 Representations and Warranties. To induce the other parties hereto to enter into this Fourth Amendment, the
26N Parties represent and warrant to each other party hereto solely with respect to itself that on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date, the following statements are true and correct in all material respects: 

(a) it is duly organized or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Fourth Amendment and to consummate the transactions herein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Fourth Amendment, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly authorized by it and this Fourth Amendment constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law; 

(c) the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.01 of the Loan and Security Agreement or any
other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, are true and correct) in each case on and as of the Fourth Amendment
Effective Date (except to the extent expressly limited therein to a specific date, in which case on and as of such date); and 

(d) no
Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately before or immediately after giving effect to this Fourth Amendment. 

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 

Section 4.01 Fourth Amendment Effective Date. This Fourth Amendment shall become effective as of the first date (the
Fourth Amendment Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 

(a)Execution and Delivery of this Fourth Amendment. The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart signature page of this Fourth Amendment duly executed by each of the Company, the Lenders, SPV, Portfolio Manager and Parent. 

(b)Payment of Fees and Expenses. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the
Securities Intermediary shall have received payment of all fees and expenses due and payable as of the date hereof, including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, as set forth in Section 10.04 of the Loan and Security Agreement. 

(c)Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties contained in Article III above shall be true and
correct, and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company to such effect. 

(d)Corporate
Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of any directors or officers of the Company as the Administrative Agent may
reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each director or officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Fourth Amendment and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request relating to the organization, formation, registration or incorporation, existence and good standing of the Company and any other legal matters relating to the Company, this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby,
all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

2 

(e)Opinion of Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received favorable
opinions of counsel to the Company and the Parent, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
Agent. 

(f)No Market Value Event; No Default or Event of Default. No Market Value Event shall have occurred and no
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Fourth Amendment Effective Date.

Section 4.02 Effects of this Fourth Amendment.

(a) Except as expressly set forth herein, this Fourth Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or
otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agents under the existing Loan and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations,
covenants or agreements contained in the existing Loan and Security Agreement or any other provision of the existing Loan and Security Agreement or of any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue
in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing herein shall be deemed to be a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Loan and
Security Agreement or any other Loan Document in similar or different circumstances. 

(b) From and after the Fourth Amendment Effective
Date, each reference in the Loan and Security Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference to the Loan and Security Agreement in any other Loan
Document shall be deemed a reference to the Loan and Security Agreement as amended hereby. This Fourth Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Loan and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE V 

REAFFIRMATION

Section 5.01 Reaffirmation. 

(a) Notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Fourth Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, each 26N Party acknowledges and
agrees that each Loan Document to which it is a party is hereby confirmed and ratified and shall remain in full force and effect according to its respective terms (in the case of the Loan and Security Agreement, as amended hereby). 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, the Liens and security interests granted by the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement and
the other Loan Documents are in all respects continuing and in full force and effect and are reaffirmed hereby. The Company ratifies its authorization for the Collateral Agent to file in any relevant jurisdictions any financing statements or
other instrument relating to all or any part of the Collateral filed prior to the date hereof including the financing statement described on Exhibit C hereto (the Existing Financing Statement). The Company hereby
acknowledges, confirms, and agrees that the Existing Financing Statement is and shall continue to be in full force and effect with respect to the Collateral under this Agreement and does and shall perfect the Liens and security interests granted by
the Company to the Collateral Agent under this Fourth Amendment.

3 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.01 Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS
AMENDMENT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Section 6.02 Costs and Expenses. The Company agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary for its invoiced reasonable costs and expenses in connection with this Fourth Amendment to the extent required pursuant to Section 10.04 of the Loan and Security Agreement. 

Section 6.03 Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when
so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized
individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any Signature Law, in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or
photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon,
and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity
thereof. 

Section 6.04 Headings. Article and Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference
only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

Section 6.05
Direction. The parties hereto hereby direct (i) the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator to execute this Fourth Amendment to be duly executed and delivered and (ii) the Collateral Agent
to execute the Amended and Restated Deposit Account Control Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the A&R Control Agreement) among 26North BDC, Inc., the Administrative Agent and The Bank of New York Mellon as account bank
and acknowledge and agree that the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator will be fully protected in relying upon the foregoing direction. In entering into this Fourth Amendment and the A&R Control Agreement
and the performance of duties under the Fourth Amendment, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to all of their rights, benefits, protections, immunities set forth in the Loan Documents.

[Signature Pages Follow] 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fourth Amendment to be duly executed
and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

[The remainder of this page
intentionally left blank] 

5 

26N DL FUNDING 1 LLC, as Company

By /s/ Jonathan Landsberg

Name: Jonathan Landsberg

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

26NORTH BDC, INC., as Parent

By /s/ Jonathan Landsberg

Name: Jonathan Landsberg

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

26N DL SPV LLC

By /s/ Evan Zemsky

Name: Evan Zemsky

Title: Authorized Person

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 4] 

26NORTH DIRECT LENDING, LP, as Portfolio Manager

By 

/s/ Andrew Rabinowitz

Name: Andrew Rabinowitz

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 4] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By /s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By /s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 4] 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By /s/ Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature Page to
Amendment No. 4] 

Exhibit A 

[Amendments to Loan and Security Agreement attached] 

[Exhibit C] 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

October 18,
2023,

as amended by
Amendment No. 1 dated as of July 3, 2024,

as amended by Amendment No. 2 dated as of September 30, 2024
and

as amended by
Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 15, 2024

as amended by Amendment No. 4 dated as of February 7, 2025

among 

26N DL Funding
1 LLC, as Company 

26North BDC, Inc., as Parent and a
Pledgor

26N DL SPV LLC, as a Pledgor 

The Lenders Party Hereto 

The
Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent 

and 

26North Direct Lending LP, 

as
Portfolio Manager 

Table of Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. 

Purchases of Portfolio Investments 3940 

SECTION 1.02. 

Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 3940 

SECTION 1.03. 

Conditions to Purchases 4041 

SECTION 1.04. 

Sales of Portfolio Investments 4041 

SECTION 1.05. 

Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 4344 

SECTION 1.06. 

Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments 4344 

SECTION 1.07. 

Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 4344 

SECTION 1.08. 

Currency Equivalents Generally 4444 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01. 

Financing Commitments 4445 

SECTION 2.02. 

[Reserved] 4445 

SECTION 2.03. 

Advances; Use of Proceeds 4445 

SECTION 2.04. 

Conditions to Effective Date 4647 

SECTION 2.05. 

Conditions to Advances 4748 

SECTION 2.06. 

Financing Commitment Increase Option 4849 

SECTION 2.07. 

Financing Commitment
Scheduled Increase 50 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. 

The Advances 5051 

SECTION 3.02. 

[Reserved] 5657 

SECTION 3.03. 

Taxes 5657 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. 

Interest Proceeds 5960 

SECTION 4.02. 

Principal Proceeds 6061 

SECTION 4.03. 

Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 6161 

SECTION 4.04. 

MV Cure Account 6263 

SECTION 4.05. 

Priority of Payments 6363 

SECTION 4.06. 

Payments Generally 6464 

SECTION 4.07. 

Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 6565 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION 5.01. 

Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 6566 

SECTION 5.02. 

Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. 6667 

SECTION 5.03. 

Indemnification 6667 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. 

Representations and Warranties 6768 

SECTION 6.02. 

Covenants 7172 

SECTION 6.03. 

Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. 8080 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01. 

Events of Default 8081 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. 

The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 8383 

SECTION 8.02. 

Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 8586 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01. 

Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 8990 

SECTION 9.02. 

Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 9395 

SECTION 9.03. 

Acknowledgements of the Lenders 9498 

SECTION 9.04. 

Notices 9599 

SECTION 9.05. 

Certain ERISA Matters 96100 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. 

Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 98101 

SECTION 10.02. 

Notices 98102 

SECTION 10.03. 

No Waiver 99102 

SECTION 10.04. 

Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 99103 

SECTION 10.05. 

Amendments 100104 

SECTION 10.06. 

Successors; Assignments 100104 

SECTION 10.07. 

Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 102106 

SECTION 10.08. 

Interest Rate Limitation 103107 

SECTION 10.09. 

PATRIOT Act 103107 

SECTION 10.10. 

Counterparts 103107 

SECTION 10.11. 

Headings 103108 

SECTION 10.12. 

Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 103108 

SECTION 10.13. 

Confidentiality 105109 

2 

Schedules 

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 GICS Industry Classifications

Schedule 7 PIK Portfolio Investment Notice Form

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of October 18, 2023 (this
Agreement) among 26N DL Funding 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Company); 26NORTH26NORTH BDC, INCINC., a Maryland corporation (the Parent), 26N DL SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, (the SPV and, together with Parent, the Pledgors and each, a Pledgor),; 26NORTH DIRECT LENDING LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as collateral agent
(in such capacity, the Collateral Agent); U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator); U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary) and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the
Administrative Agent). 

The Portfolio Manager and the Company wish for the Company to acquire and finance
certain corporate loans (the Portfolio Investments), all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

Furthermore, the Company intends to enter into a Sale and Contribution Agreement (as amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Contribution Agreement), dated on or about the date hereof between the Company and the Parent (in such capacity, the Contributor), pursuant to which the Company shall from time to time
acquire Portfolio Investments from the Contributor. 

On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
National Association (JPMCB), each other lender party hereto from time to time and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the
Company (Advances) hereunder to the extent specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule). 

Accordingly, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Certain Defined Terms 

Account Bank means The Bank of New York Mellon, or any successor thereto. 

Account Control Agreement means, (a) for each Collateral Account that is a deposit account, a deposit account control
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) for each Collateral Account that is a securities account, a securities account control agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, in each case executed by (i) the Company or a Pledgor, as applicable,
(ii) the Collateral Agent and (iii) the financial institution maintaining such Collateral Account. 

Additional
Distribution Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05. 

Adjusted Applicable Margin means the
stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule with respect to the applicable currency plus 2% per annum. 

Adjusted Term CORRA means a per annum rate equal to Term CORRA plus the Term CORRA Adjustment; provided,
further, that, in the event that the Adjusted Term CORRA is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory
section of this Agreement. 

Advances has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental
investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, such former Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Company, include the obligors under any Portfolio Investment. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to
vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise. 

Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Agent Business Day means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which
the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Boston, Massachusetts). 

Agreed
Currency means U.S. Dollars and each Permitted Non-USD Currency. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph hereto. 

Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company from time to time
concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Borrowing Base means on any date of determination
the lesser of (i) the Hybrid Borrowing Base and (ii) the Capped Borrowing Base, in each case, as of such date. 

Applicable Law means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final
income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or
orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

Applicable Margin means, as of any date, the applicable margin for Advances as set forth on the Transaction Schedule for
such date. 

Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap means, as of any date, (a) with respect to any Advances denominated in
EUR, 30%, (b) with respect to any Advances denominated in CAD, 20%, (c) with respect to any Advances denominated in GBP, 10% and (d) with respect to any Advances denominated in CHF, 5%. 

- 2 - 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage
of the total Financing Commitments represented by such Lenders Financing Commitment. If the Financing Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Financing Commitments most recently in
effect, giving effect to any assignments at the time of determination. 

AR means 60%.

ARR Portfolio Investment means any Portfolio Investment that is underwritten on multiples of annual recurring revenue of
the Portfolio Investment Obligor as determined by the Administrative Agent in its good faith discretion. 

Asset Advance Rate means, on any date of determination, the applicable percentage set forth below: 

Number of
unique Portfolio Investment Obligors

included in the calculation of the Net Asset Value Asset Advance Rate 

Less than 5 40 %

5 to 10 50 %

More than 10 60 %

Asset Borrowing Base means on any date of determination, the
product of (i) the Asset Advance Rate and (ii) the Net Asset Value as of such date.

Asset LTV Cap means 66.7%.

Asset Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed
Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of a
Calculation Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (vi) of
Section 3.01(h). 

Bank has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a
voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its
business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any
order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental
Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

- 3 - 

Base Rate means, for any day, with respect to (i) Advances
denominated in U.S., Dollars, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Calculation Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication
time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology), (ii) Advances denominated in CAD, the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) with respect to Advances denominated
in GBP, EUR or CHF, the applicable Reference Bank Base Rate. Any change in the applicable Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Reference Bank Base Rate,
respectively, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.01(h) (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark
Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 3.01(h)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. In the event that the
applicable Base Rate is below zero at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero until it exceeds zero again. 

Base Rate Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, the applicable Reference Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such applicable Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to
the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 3.01(h). 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set
forth in (2) below: 

(1) in the case of any Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars, the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and
(b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by
the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism
for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated or bilateral credit
facilities denominated in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark
Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

- 4 - 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement
of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or
recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable
Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated or bilateral credit facilities denominated in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark
Advance, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Daily Simple SOFR, the definition of U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of Request for Advances or
prepayment or conversion notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent
decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of
Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving
rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to
all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

- 5 - 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the
occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of
information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such
Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in accordance with Section 3.01(h) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section
3.01(h). 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Borrowing Base Default means an event that shall have occurred
if on any date of determination the Borrowing Base Ratio is greater than 120%.

- 6 - 

Borrowing Base Ratio means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of (a) the Net Advances to (b) the Applicable Borrowing Base, in each case, as of such date; as verified by the Administrative Agent in writing to the Company upon request therefor, which the Administrative Agent hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable
efforts to do so within one (1) Business Day thereafter).

Borrowing Base Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if Net Advances are less than or equal to the Applicable Borrowing Base, as calculated by the Administrative Agent. the following is true:

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for
business in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located; provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be, (i) in relation to Term Benchmark Advances
denominated in U.S. Dollars and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark Advances or any other dealings of such Term Benchmark Advances, any such day that is only a U.S. Government
Securities Business Day, (ii) in relation to Advances denominated in GBP, Business Day shall mean any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, England and the city in which the
corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located, (iii) in relation to Advances denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR Rate, Business Day shall mean any day which is a TARGET Day
and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located (iv) in relation to Advances denominated in CAD, Business Day shall mean any day (other than a Saturday or a
Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Toronto, Canada and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located and (v) in relation to any RFR Advances and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements,
settlements or payments of any such RFR Advance, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Advance, Business Day shall mean any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and on which banks are open for business
in the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located. 

CAD means Canadian dollars. 

Calculation Period means, with respect to any Advance, the quarterly period from and including the date on which such
Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding
Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including the related Calculation Period
Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date). 

Calculation Period Start Date means the first calendar day of
February, May, August and November of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in February, 2024. 

Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the
rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate published by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by such service, as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day and (ii) Adjusted Term CORRA for thirty (30) days, plus 1% per annum; provided that if any of the above rates shall be less than zero,
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN
Index or Term CORRA, respectively. 

- 7 - 

Capital Call means a call by any Pledgorthe
Parent upon all or any Investors for payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital Commitments. 

Capital Call Confirmation Package means, with respect to any Market Value Trigger Event or Event of Default, as applicable,
the following documents, agreements and notices: 

(i) a fully executed equity commitment letter, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Administrative Agent, evidencing the commitment of the applicable PledgorParent to contribute cash (or any other assets agreed to by the
Administrative Agent) to the Company no later than the date that is twelve (12) Business Days following the date on which the Portfolio Manager
receivedreceives
notice from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event or Event of
Default; and

(ii) a written notice from the Parent and/or the SPV, as
applicable, (A) containing representations and covenants by the Parent and/or the SPV, as
applicable, that (1) it has called capital or directed the fund administrator to call capital, as applicable, from its Investors in the aggregate amount specified therein, to be funded
no later than the tenth Business Day following delivery of such Capital Call; (2) the Parent and/or the SPV, as applicable, will, as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the conclusion of the applicable Extended Cure Period, fund directly into the MV Cure Account the amount of such capital contribution and (3) such
Capital Calls have been made in compliance with the applicable
PledgorFund Constituent Documents (including that
each such Investor has Unfunded Capital Commitments at least equal to the amount of Capital Call made on such Investor, which are available for the purpose contemplated hereby); (B) containing covenants by the Parent and/or the SPV, as applicable, (i) not to rescind or modify such Capital Calls, (ii) not to permit any
lien on such Capital Calls or the proceeds thereof other than Liens under the Loan Documents and Permitted Liens set forth in clause (e) in the definition thereof, (iii) not to use the proceeds of such Capital Calls for any purpose other
than being deposited into the MV Cure Account in accordance herewith, (iv) to direct payment of proceeds of such Capital Calls to an account designated by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default under clauses (d) or (e) of Article VII hereof (so long as such direction of payment does not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) and
(v) to immediately inform the Administrative Agent if the Parent and/or the SPV has received
written notice that the relevant Capital Commitments will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of a representative Capital Call Notice issued to an Investor and containing the aggregate amount of capital called from all
Investors;
and.

(iii) a copy of the most recent financial statements for the
Parent, together with a representation from a Responsible Officer of the Parent that such financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of the Parent.

Capital Call Notice means any Drawdown Notice (or
substantially similar term) as defined in the
PledgorFund Constituent Documents of the applicable Pledgor, or any
other notice sent to an Investor for the purpose of making a Capital Call. 

Capital Commitment means the capital
commitment of the Investors to the applicable
PledgorParent in the amount set forth in the
PledgorFund Constituent Documents or the applicable Subscription Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, Capital Commitment, as such term is defined in the PledgorFund Constituent Documents. 

- 8 - 

Capital Contribution means, in respect of any Investor, any capital
contribution or other funding made by such Investor in a
Pledgorthe Parent in response to a Capital Call.

Capped Borrowing
Base means on any date of determination: (i) prior to the Transition Date, the sum of (a) the lesser of (x) the UCC Borrowing Base as of such date and (y) the product of (1) 25% and (2) the Financing Commitment as of such date and (b) the
product of (x) the Asset LTV Cap and (y) the Net Asset Value as of such date and (ii) thereafter, the product of (a) the Asset LTV Cap and (b) the Net Asset Value as of such date. 

Cash Equivalents means, any of the following: (i) marketable
securities (a) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit
of the United States, in each case maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in
each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than
three months from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit or bankers
acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at
least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market
mutual fund that (a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) at the time of
acquisition thereof, has the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moodys; and (vi) such other similar instruments to the extent Permitted Non-USD Currencies are invested therein. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any
United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for
International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless
of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which
(A) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority
of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management policies and decisions of the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of
the Equity Interests of the Company, (B) the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Parent and not be replaced by an entity satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion or
(C) the Subject Person shall cease to be involved in the business of managing the Portfolio Manager in the same or substantially similar capacity as he is as of the Effective Date. 

- 9 - 

Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

CHF means Swiss Francs. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Collateral Accounts means the Company
Collateral Accounts and the Pledgor Collateral Accountshas the meaning set forth in Section
8.01(a). 

Collateral Administrator has the meaning set
forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory
section of this Agreement. 

Collateral Principal Amount means on any date of determination (A) the aggregate
principal balance of the Portfolio, limited to, in the case of any Revolving Loan and any Delayed Funding Term Loan, the funded principal balance thereof, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account
(including cash and Eligible Investments) as of such date plus (C) the amounts on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts (in each case, including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date minus (D) the aggregate principal balance of all Ineligible Investments as of
such date. 

Collection Account means the account(s) established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and
set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Commitment
Fee Rate means 0.75% per annum, provided that, during the Ramp-UpConcentration Extension Period, the Commitment Fee Rate shall be
0.50% per annum. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Concentration
Extension Period means the period commencing on and including the Fourth Amendment Effective Date and ending on and excluding the six-month anniversary thereof.

Company Collateral has the meaning set forth in
Section 8.02(a).

Company Collateral
Accountshas the meaning set forth
in Section 8.01(a).

Concentration Limitation Excess means, on any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the
principal amount of any Portfolio Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the Portfolio Manager shall select in its sole discretion which Portfolio
Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess; provided further that with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the Portfolio Manager shall select any term Portfolio Investment from the same
Portfolio Investment Obligor and/or any funded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan before selecting 

- 10 - 

any unfunded portion of such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan; provided further that if the Portfolio Manager does not so select any Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable
portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative Agent shall make up the Concentration Limitation Excess. 

Concentration Limitations has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4. 

Concentration Limitations Transition
Date means the date that is the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Constituent Document Material Amendment has the meaning set
forth in Section 6.02(ii).

Contribution Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Contributor has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor
administrator). 

Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor
(including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Credit Risk Party has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Currency Shortfall has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06(c). 

Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day), (1) with respect to any Advance
denominated in GBP, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five Business Days prior to (i) if such RFR Interest Day is a Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is
not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (b) 0%. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR
without notice to the Company and (2) with respect to any Advance denominated in CHF, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SARON for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an
RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (b) 0%. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate
Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website.
Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. 

- 11 - 

Daily Simple SOFR Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate
determined by reference to the Daily Simple SOFR. 

Default has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Delayed Funding Term Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to
the Portfolio Investment Obligor under the underlying instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount
previously repaid by the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such future advances to the Portfolio
Investment Obligor thereon expire or are terminated or reduced to zero. 

Deliver (and its correlative forms) means the
taking of the following steps by the Company, any Pledgor or the Portfolio Manager: 

(1) except as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and
amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary or the financial institution maintaining such Collateral Account, as applicable, to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised thereof has
been credited to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the Securities Intermediary or the financial institution maintaining such Collateral Account, as applicable, to agree, pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control
Agreement, if applicable, that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such security entitlement without further consent by the Company or any Pledgor, as applicable; 

(2) to the extent required to create a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) therein, in the case of
each general intangible, by notifying the Portfolio Investment Obligor thereunder of the security interest of the Collateral Agent; 

(3) in the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not
constitute a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by causing (x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of
New York, or (y) a Person other than the Company and a securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of New York, and (II) to then authenticate a record acknowledging that it holds possession of
such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or (B)(I) to authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and (II) to then acquire
possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of New York; 

(4) in the case of money, by causing such money to be
deposited in the related Collateral Account that is a deposit account, and, in the case of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Bank to continuously identify on its books and records
the security interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and, except as may be expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or an
Account Control Agreement, if applicable; 

- 12 - 

(5) in the case of any Portfolio Investments consisting of Uncertificated
Securities (other than any Uncertificated Securities credited to a securities account subject to an Account Control Agreement), by causing the issuer of such Uncertificated Security to either (at the option of the Company) (i) register the
Collateral Agent as the registered owner thereof on the books and records of such issuer or (ii) execute an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such issuer agrees to comply with
the Collateral Agents instructions with respect to such Uncertificated Security without further consent by the Company; 

(6) in the case of any Portfolio Investments that are held in certificated form, by crediting to a Company Collateral Account or delivering to the Collateral Agent, as applicable, certificates representing the
relevant Collateral with respect to such Portfolio Investments; 

(7) in the case of any Loan, by delivering or
causing a third party to deliver to the Securities Intermediary a facsimile or other electronic form (including, without limitation, 
pdf, 
tif,
tiff,
jpeg
or
jpg
) or photocopy of a fully executed assignment agreement evidencing the acquisition by the Company of the Loan or a confirmation or certification from or on behalf of the Company to the effect that
it has acquired such Loan and/or has received or will receive, and will deliver to the Securities Intermediary, appropriate Underlying Definitive Documents constituting, evidencing or representing such Loan with an instruction to identify such Loan
in its internal books and records without any position code. The Securities Intermediary (or the Collateral Agent) shall identify such Loan in its internal books and records without associating it with a position code. The Securities Intermediary
(or the Collateral Agent) shall maintain in its books and records a list of all of the Loans in accordance with this Agreement (including identifying in its reports to the Company and the Administrative Agent the Loans which are not direct interests
in loans under the collateral notation Participation) and shall make available to the Company and the Administrative Agent such list upon request. For avoidance of doubt, no Loans will be registered in the name of the Securities
Intermediary or the Collateral Agent. The Securities Intermediary shall have no responsibilities or duties whatsoever with respect to any Underlying Definitive Document, except for such responsibilities as are expressly set forth herein. The Company
shall instruct the administrative agent in respect of each Loan to make all payments receivable by the Company in respect of such Loan to the Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable, or otherwise provide for the
direct payment of such payments to the Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable; 

(8) in all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware
Secretary of State; and 

(9) in all cases by otherwise (i) ensuring that all steps, if any, required under applicable
Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, shall have been taken, and that such
Lien shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control and (ii) to the extent necessary, obtaining a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member, board of directors or any similar
governing body of the Portfolio Investment Obligor authorizing and consenting to the pledge of the Collateral in accordance with the Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding clauses (1) and (3) above, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall ensure that all Portfolio
Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in or credited to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. 

- 13 - 

Designated Email Notification Address means jlandsberg@26n.com,
provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and no Market Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated Email Notification Address. 

Designated Independent Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event
shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral
Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the Designated Independent Dealer. 

Designated Unfunded Capital Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(g).

Dollar Equivalent means, with respect to any amount denominated in any
Permitted Non-USD Currency, the amount of U.S. Dollars that would be required to purchase such amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency using the reciprocal foreign exchange rates obtained as described in the definition of the term Spot Rate. 

EBITDA means, with respect to the last four full fiscal quarters with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the meaning of
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or any comparable definition in the underlying instruments for each such Portfolio Investment, and in any case that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA or such comparable definition is not
defined in such underlying instruments, an amount, for the Portfolio Investment Obligor and any parent that is obligated pursuant to the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in
accordance with GAAP) equal to earnings from continuing operations for such period plus (a) interest expense, (b) income taxes, (c) depreciation and amortization for such four fiscal quarter period (to the extent deducted in
determining earnings from continuing operations for such period), (d) amortization of intangibles (including, but not limited to, goodwill, financing fees and other capitalized costs), other non-cash charges and organization costs, and
extraordinary, one-time and/or non-recurring losses or charges, (e) any other customary add-backs for similarly situated obligors the Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate and (f) any other item the
Portfolio Manager and the Administrative Agent mutually deem to be appropriate; provided that with respect to any Portfolio Investment Obligor for which four full fiscal quarters of economic data are not available, EBITDA shall be determined for
such Portfolio Investment Obligor based on annualizing the economic data from the reporting periods actually available as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith. 

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04. 

Eligibility Criteria has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Eligible Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01. 

Eligible Unfunded Capital
Commitments means the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Included Investors to the extent not maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(g); provided that the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any
Investor shall not exceed such amount as of the Effective Date without the Administrative Agents consent in its sole discretion; provided further that for the purposes of calculating such Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments, in no
event shall the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment attributable to any Investor as of any date of determination exceed 55% of the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Included Investors on such date. 

- 14 - 

EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council
for the introduction of changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency. 

Equity Interests means,
with respect to any Person, all (a) shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (howsoever designated) of capital stock and other equity interests of such Person, including without limitation stockholder interest, general partnership
interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, whether common or preferred and whether voting or non-voting and (b) rights (other than debt securities convertible into capital stock or other equity interests), warrants or
options to acquire any of the foregoing. 

ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control or
treated as a single employer with the Company or any
Pledgorthe Parent, as applicable, within the
meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code). 

ERISA Event means that (1) the underlying assets of the Company or any Pledgorthe
Parent are deemed to constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules, (2) the Company or any Pledgorthe
Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has any direct liability with respect to any Plan or (3) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is
required to contribute to or has any material liability with respect to any Plan. 

EUR and
mean the lawful currency of each state so described in any EMU Legislation introduced in accordance with EMU Legislation. 

EURIBOR Rate means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance in Euros, the Euro interbank offered rate
administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for a three-month period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page
EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters (the
EURIBOR Screen Rate). If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Company. Notwithstanding anything in the
foregoing to the contrary, if the EURIBOR Rate as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero, the EURIBOR Rate will be deemed to be zero for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero again. 

EURIBOR Screen Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of EURIBOR
Rate
. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Article
VII. 

Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit
in the Company Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required
to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the earliest to occur of the next Interest Payment Date, the next Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, in each case, as determined by the Portfolio Manager (acting on
behalf of the Company) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent (which verification shall be deemed to be given upon the 

- 15 - 

written confirmation of the Administrative Agent to a Permitted Distribution); provided that, if the Administrative Agent reasonably anticipates any such amounts to be deposited into the Company Collateral Accounts after such date of determination but prior to the applicable date of payment, such
amounts shall be deemed, solely for the purposes of this definition, to have been on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts as of such date of determination. 

Excluded Taxes means
any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch
profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such
Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable
interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each
case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its
lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Partys failure to comply with Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Exclusion Event means
the occurrence, with respect to any Investor, of any of the following events:

(a)such Investor shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event or become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due;

(b)such Investor shall
repudiate, challenge, or declare unenforceable its obligation to make contributions to the capital of any Pledgor pursuant to its Capital Commitment or a Capital Call or its obligation to make contributions to the capital of such Pledgor pursuant to
its Capital Commitment or a Capital Call under any of such documents shall be or become unenforceable;

(c)such Investor shall fail to make a Capital Contribution to the applicable Pledgor within ten (10) Business Days of when due in accordance with such Capital
Call, unless the Administrative Agent elects in writing, in its sole discretion, to waive any such failure;

(d)to the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer after due inquiry, the occurrence of any circumstance or event which could reasonably be expected to impair,
impede, or jeopardize the obligation and the liability of such Investor to fund Capital Contributions;

(e)such Investor amends its Subscription Agreement or Side Letter in any way that Administrative Agent determines would materially impair the rights of the Secured
Parties with respect to the Collateral or the occurrence of any event which, under the terms of such Investors Side Letter, cancels, terminates or abates its Unfunded Capital Commitment or any obligations to fund a Capital
Contribution;

(f)such Investor is
excused or excluded from making a Capital Contribution or funding amounts due under a Capital Call;

(g)such Investor is a Sanctioned Person;

- 16 - 

(h)actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer after due inquiry of any final judgment or decree which in the aggregate exceeds twenty percent (20%) of the net
worth of such Investor shall be rendered against such Investor which is not satisfied, discharged, stayed and fully bonded over, in each case, within thirty (30) days;

(i)a material breach or default shall occur in the performance by such Investor of any representation, warranty, covenants or other material agreements (other than
a failure to make a capital contribution described in clause (d) above) contained in any Pledgor Constituent Document, and if such breach is susceptible of cure, and such Investor is diligently prosecuting such cure, only if such breach
continues for more than ten (10) days after the Parent obtaining actual knowledge of such breach;

(j)except as consented to by the Administrative Agent, such Investor shall assign (other than pursuant to (l) below), convey, exchange, sell, set-off,
transfer or otherwise dispose of (each a Transfer) its stockholder interests in the Parent, its membership interest in the SPV and/or Capital Commitment, or be released from its obligation under any Pledgor Constituent Document to make
contributions pursuant to a Capital Call with respect to such stockholder interests, limited partnership interests, membership interests and/or Capital Commitment, provided that only such Transferred or released stockholder interests, limited
partnership interests, membership interests and/or Capital Commitment shall be excluded from the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment if less than all of such Investors stockholder interests, limited partnership interests, membership interests
and/or Capital Commitment are Transferred or released, provided, further, that if (a) such Transfer is made to another Included Investor, (b) after giving effect to such Transfer, all Concentration Limitations shall remain
satisfied and (c) no Exclusion Event with respect to such Investor shall have occurred, the portion so Transferred shall continue to be included in the calculation of Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment; 

(k)such Investor has, to the knowledge of the applicable Pledgor or the Administrative Agent, failed to fund all or any portion of a capital contribution when
required pursuant to the terms of any portfolio documents with respect to any fund investment or similar investment managed by the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates (including in connection with any capital call facility, subscription line
or similar credit facility secured by capital commitments of such Investor with any borrower), subject to any applicable notice or cure periods; 

(l)the Subject Person (i) ceases to be sole or managing member or manager of the SPV or (ii) ceases, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally
and beneficially all of the Equity Interests of the SPV;

(m)with respect to any
Pension Plan Investor or Government Pension Plan Investor, such Pension Plan Investor or a Government Pension Plan Investor fails to maintain Funding Ratio of 80%;

(n)such Investor fails to maintain a net worth (determined in accordance with GAAP) measured at the end of each fiscal year of such Investor, of at least 75% of
the net worth of such Investor as of the date such Investor became a stockholder in the Parent or a member in the SPV, as applicable, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent has provided written notice to
the Company (i) stating that such event constitutes an Exclusion Event for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) explicitly electing to exclude such Investor because of the occurrence of such event), unless such circumstance is waived by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 

(o)for any Investors with
a Rating, (A) such Investor ceases to have a Rating, or (B) such Rating is (x) at any time less than the greatest of BBB- (with S&P), Baa3 (with Moodys) and BBB- (with Fitch) and (y) a Rating that is two or more rating
levels lower than the Rating of such Investor as of the Effective Date; 

- 17 - 

(p)the Administrative Agent ceases to have access to such Investors financial statements; 

(q)such Investor shall encumber or pledge any of its membership or stockholder interest, as applicable, in the applicable
Pledgor and the related lien holder shall commence the exercise of remedies with respect to such membership or stockholder interests; provided that only such encumbered or pledged membership or stockholder interest shall be excluded from the
Applicable Borrowing Base if less than all of such Investors membership or stockholder interest are encumbered or pledged; and

(r)such Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment ceases to be subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant
to the Loan Documents. 

Extended Cure Period has the
meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure Period. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of
the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and
intergovernmental agreements entered into thereunder or any similar or related non-U.S. law that correspond to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental
agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices
adopted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement or analogous provisions of non-U.S. law. 

Federal Funds Effective
Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time,
and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the
purposes of this Agreement. 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the
United States of America. 

Fee
Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Effective Date, between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

Financing Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to the Company
hereunder in an amount up to but not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule or in the assignment and assumption agreement pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, in
each case, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Financing Commitment Increase Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion)
approves in writing (which may be by email) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent, which may also be by email) a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request. 

- 18 - 

Financing Commitment Increase Option Request means, on any date
(i) during the Reinvestment Period and (ii) on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances is not less than the applicable Minimum Funding Amount as of such date, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by
email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06; provided that the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent)
shall determine the proposed effective date of any such increase in the Financing Commitments, which may be as early as ten (10) Business Days after delivery of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request (or such shorter period as the
Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 

Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase means an increase in
the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitment by the amount of $100,000,000 (or such other amount requested by the Company and agreed to by the Administrative Agent and Lenders in writing). 

Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07. 

First Lien Last Out Loan means a Senior Secured Loan that, prior to a default with respect to such Portfolio Investment, is
entitled to receive payments pari passu with other Senior Secured Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor, but following a default becomes fully subordinated, or otherwise junior in right of payment, to certain other Senior Secured
Loans of the same Portfolio Investment Obligor and is not entitled to any payments until such other Senior Secured Loans are paid in full. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Funding Ratio means:
(a) for a Government Pension Plan Investor or other plan not covered by clause (b) below, the total net fair market value of the assets of the plan over the actuarial present value of the plans total benefit
liabilities, as reported in such plans most recent audited financial statements; and (b) for a Pension Plan Investor that is subject to Form 5500 series reporting requirements, the funding target attainment percentage reported on Schedule
SB to the Form 5500 or the funded percentage for monitoring the plans status reported on Schedule MB to the Form 5500, as applicable, as reported on the most recently filed Form 5500 by such Pension Plan Investor with the United States
Department of Labor.

Fourth Amendment means Amendment No. 4 to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 7, 2025,
among the parties hereof.

Fourth Amendment Effective Date is defined in the Fourth Amendment.

Fund
Constituent Documents means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Parent, adopted September 6,
2023, the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Parent, dated as of September 6, 2023, any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Parent, as the same may be
further amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to
time in the United States, as applied from time to time by the Company. 

GBP means British Pounds. 

- 19 - 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of
America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Government Pension Plan
Investor means an Investor that is a governmental plan as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA.

Hague Convention has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(e). 

Hybrid Borrowing Base
means on any date of determination the sum of (i) the
Asset Borrowing Base plus (ii) the UCC Borrowing Base. 

Included Investor means
as of any date of determination each Investor that has been approved by the Administrative Agent and is not subject to an Exclusion Event (except to the extent set forth in the definition thereof) as of such date.

Increased Financing Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section
2.06. 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP,
(i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability of such Person
on a balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of
others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person
acts as surety and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not
include a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Indemnified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Company under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b). 

Independent Dealer means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the
Company and the Administrative Agent): Bank of America/BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank, BMO Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of
the foregoing, but in no event including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. 

Ineligible Investment means any
Portfolio Investment that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the
Eligibility Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver 

- 20 - 

and such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to meet such waived criteria; provided further that any Portfolio
Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if
any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved.

Information means all information received from the
Company relating to the Company, any
Pledgorthe Parent, the SPV or the Portfolio
Manager or their respective business hereunder or pursuant hereto (including relating to any obligor in respect of any Portfolio Investments), other than any such information that is available to a Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to
disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. 

Initial Funding Amount
means $10,000,000 (or such other lower amount as may be mutually agreed in writing (including by email) between the Company and the Administrative Agent).

Initial Portfolio Investments means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5. 

Initial Upfront Fee has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Interest Payment Date means the fifth Business Day after the last day of each Calculation Period. 

Interest Proceeds means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments
acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from the sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the
related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include principal payments (including, without limitation,
prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments or deposited into any of
the Company Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, underwriting fees, facility fees,
late payment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however,
that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest Proceeds shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account or Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom. 

Investment means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, (b) the making of any Loan
or advance to any other Person, or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person. 

Investment Exclusion
Event means the exclusion or excuse of any Investor from participating in any particular investment pursuant to the applicable Pledgor Constituent Documents.

Investor means any Person who has been admitted as a non-managing member or shareholder or stockholder of, or who otherwise
holds any Equity Interest in the Parent or the SPV pursuant to the applicable PledgorFund Constituent Documents or otherwise, in each case excluding any manager of the Parent or any manager of the
SPV. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue
Service. 

- 21 - 

JPMCB has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this
Agreement. 

Lender Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c). 

Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03. 

Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens,
mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law. 

Loan means any obligation for the payment or
repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement. 

Loan
Documents means this Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, if any, and such other agreements and documents, and any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such amendment, supplement or modification. 

LTV
Default means, as of any date of determination, the LTV Ratio is greater than
the sum of (i) the
AR at such time and (ii) 10.00%.

LTV
Ratio means, as of any date of calculation, the ratio of (a) the Net Advances to (b) the
Net Asset
Value, in each case, as of such date.

Margin Stock has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

Market Value means, on any date of determination (after giving effect to Section 1.06), (a) with respect
to any Traded Loan, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed as a percentage) determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX (or if the Administrative Agent determines in its good faith commercially reasonable discretion that such bid price is
not available or is not indicative of the actual current market value, the market value of such Traded Loan as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and (b) with respect to any other
Portfolio Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par. In determining the Market Value of a
Portfolio Investment, the Administrative Agent shall take into consideration all relevant information including (i) credit fundamentals of the obligor of such Portfolio Investment Obligor, (ii) the business outlook of the Portfolio
Investment Obligor, (iii) one or more bid-side prices determined by LoanX/Markit Group Limited, if available, (iv) cyclicality of the Portfolio Investment Obligor, (v) debt-financed acquisitions by the Portfolio Investment Obligor,
(vi) corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor, (vii) amendments to the Underlying Definitive Documents with respect to the Portfolio Investment, (viii) any other factor that the Administrative Agent or its
affiliates would take into consideration when making an investment decision for their own account and/or (ix) changes to the Portfolio Investment Obligors strategy or direction and not solely (but may, for the avoidance of doubt include)
(A) changes in market indices and/or (B) the sale of a minority position in such Portfolio Investment in the secondary market. 

- 22 - 

So long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of the Market Value of certain Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that, the Portfolio Manager provides the bid(s) or valuation(s) set forth below no later
than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day immediately following the related date of determination; provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of the Market Value
thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment and (y) the date on which the Administrative Agent provides a Market Value with respect to such Portfolio
Investment that is lower than the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment. 

If the
Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any Portfolio Investment (other than a Traded Loan), the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to the greater of (i) three such Portfolio Investments in each
calendar quarter and (ii) 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount, engage a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company, to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such
valuation to the Administrative Agent, at which time the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment shall be equal to such valuation; provided that any such valuation shall be in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion and shall give reference to factors commonly used by market participants in conducting robust valuation processes, including without limitation (A) industry and comparable company analysis, (B) market yield
assumptions, (C) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investment Obligor; (D) to the extent applicable, historical and prospective debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio
Investment Obligor and (E) to the extent applicable, other corporate actions taken by the Portfolio Investment Obligor; provided, further, that if the Company engages a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider that provides a range of
valuation, then the valuation for purposes of this paragraph shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest valuations of such range. 

If the Portfolio Manager disputes the determination of Market Value with respect to any Traded Loan, the Portfolio Manager may, at the expense
of the Company, submit to the Administrative Agent not less than two (2) written and executable bids for the full principal of such Portfolio Investment from Independent Dealers, at which time the Market Value of such Traded Loan shall be equal
to the weighted average of such bids. 

The market value of any Portfolio Investment determined in accordance with this definition will be
the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment from the applicable date set forth above until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment has changed, in
which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with this definition of Market Value). 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than the par
thereof, (B) the Market Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero and (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in
the Administrative Agents good faith judgment: (i) such Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the
then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio Investment, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent; (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide due to the insolvency of the Independent Dealer; or
(iii) the Administrative Agent is unable to execute (after having used reasonable efforts to do so) any such bid by selling any portion of such Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or its Affiliate for its own account to any
such Independent Dealer (either directly or indirectly through a broker or other intermediary reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time (but no earlier than the time) such bid is delivered to the Administrative Agent by the
Portfolio Manager (the provisions set forth in the preceding four (4) paragraphs of this definition, the Market Value Dispute Mechanisms). 

- 23 - 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral
Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Portfolio on a monthly basis (not later than the 15th day of each calendar month, commencing in November 2023 or upon the reasonable request of the
Portfolio Manager (but no more frequently than three (3) requests per calendar month). Any notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred shall be accompanied by a written statement
showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment. 

Market Value Cure means, on any date of
determination, (i) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio Investments and the delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the
contribution by the Parent or the SPV of cash to the Company and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the
Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (which amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account), (iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the
prepayment by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) or (v) any combination of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market Value Cure
Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager, and in an amount such that immediately after giving effect to all such actions and the application of proceeds thereof, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; provided that, with respect to any
such additional Portfolio Investment contributed to the Company in connection with the foregoing, (i) the Trade Date thereof shall occur during the Market Value Cure Period and (ii) such Portfolio Investment meet all of the applicable
Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied after such contribution. In connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to have
been contributed to the Company within the Market Value Cure Period if there has been a valid, binding and enforceable contract for the assignment of such Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio Manager,
such assignment will settle within fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent agrees in its sole discretion) of the Trade Date thereof (the Settlement Period). The Portfolio Manager shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect any such assignment within such Settlement Period. 

Market Value Cure
Failure means the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term. 

Market Value Cure Period means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice
from the Administrative Agent (which, if received after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at
the close of business in New York two (2) Business Days thereafter; provided, that (A) in the event the Parent delivers a Capital Call Confirmation Package reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within such two
(2) Business Day period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall solely to the extent of the requested capital contribution under such Capital Call Confirmation Package be extended to the close of business in New York ten (10) Business
Days following the conclusion of such two (2) Business Day period (the Extended Cure Period); provided, further, that (a) if the Parent becomes aware that any portion of the requested capital contribution
under such Capital Call Confirmation Package will not be timely made within such Extended Cure Period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall end on the earlier of (i) two (2) Business Days following the date the Parent becomes so aware
and (ii) the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period and (b) a Capital Call Confirmation Package may be delivered no more than one time in any ten (10) Business Day period and (B) in the event that the Company delivers an MV Cure
Extension Request 

- 24 - 

reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Market Value Cure Period shall be extended to the close of business in New York eight
(8) Business Days following the conclusion of such two (2) Business Day period, provided that on each day during the MV Cure Extension Period, the Company delivers an MV Cure Plan Status Confirmation reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent; provided further that, if on any date during the MV Cure Extension Period, the MV Cure Plan Status Confirmation is not reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, a Market Value Cure Failure will be deemed to
have occurred on such date; provided, further, that if a trade date in respect of the sale of Portfolio Investment(s) specified in the related MV Cure Plan occurs during such MV Cure Extension Period, no Market Value Cure Failure shall be
deemed to have occurred so long as such sale settles within the Settlement Period from such trade date. 

Market Value Dispute
Mechanisms has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value. 

Market Value Event means
(A) the occurrence of both of the following events (i) a Market Value Trigger Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure Failure or (B) if in connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to
have been contributed to the Company shall fail to settle within the applicable Settlement Period. 

Market Value
Trigger has the meaning set forth on the Transaction Schedule. 

Market Value Trigger Event means an event
that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified the Company in writing as of any date that the Borrowing BaseLTV Ratio is greater than or equal to the Market Value Trigger.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or
condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company, any Pledgor, the Contributor or the Portfolio Manager,
(b) the ability of the Company, any Pledgor, the Contributor or the Portfolio Manager to perform
its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Material Amendment means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing
Commitment of any Lender (other than in connection with the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase), (ii) reduces the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder,
(iii) postpones the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date
of expiration of any Financing Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required
Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder. 

Maturity Date means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction
Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount
of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a Market Value Event on which all Portfolio Investments have been sold and the
proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company. 

- 25 - 

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

Mezzanine Obligation means a Portfolio Investment which is not a Senior Secured Loan or a Second Lien Loan. 

Minimum Funding Amount has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

MV Cure Account means the account established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction
Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

MV Cure Extension Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of MV Cure Extension Request. 

MV Cure Extension Request means a written request from the Company satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its
discretion requesting to extend the Market Value Cure Period by an additional eight (8) Business Days (such period, the MV Cure Extension Period) and proposing a MV Cure Plan. 

MV Cure Plan means a proposal by a senior officer of the Company of steps to effect a Market Value Cure, which plan may
include: prospective sales of Portfolio Investments, timing of sales of Portfolio Investments, prospective purchasers of Portfolio Investments, indicative pricing for Portfolio Investments, and timing of Portfolio Investment proceeds expected to be
received during the MV Cure Extension Period. 

MV Cure Plan Status Confirmation means, for each Business Day during the
MV Cure Extension Period, a status update provided by a senior officer of the Company regarding the progress of the stated MV Cure Plan activities and any further information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection with
achieving a Market Value Cure. 

Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC
(f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Valuation Research Corporation, (iii) Alvarez & Marsal, (iv) Kroll, LLC, (v) Hilco Valuation Services, (vi) Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin Capital, Inc., and
(vii) Citrin Cooperman Advisors LLC; provided that any independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this
definition by the Administrative Agent from time to time by notice thereof to the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from this definition by written notice to the
Company and the Portfolio Manager so long as, after giving effect to such removal, (x) there are at least four providers designated pursuant to this definition and (y) at least two of the initial providers designated pursuant to this
definition as of the Effective Date shall at all times continue to be so designated. 

Net Advances means the principal
amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Company Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds (excluding
any Principal Proceeds which are required to settle any outstanding Purchase Commitments). 

- 26 - 

Net Asset Value means, on any date of determination (after giving effect
to Section 1.06), the sum of (A) the sum of the product, for each Portfolio Investment (both owned by the Company and any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not settled (except as set forth in clause (2) below)), of
(x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment multiplied by (y) the funded principal amount of such Portfolio Investment, excluding, for any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, the unfunded commitment amount thereof plus
(B) the amounts then on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including cash and Eligible Investments) less an amount equal to the sum of all Unfunded Exposure Deposits); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the
Concentration Limitation Excess, (2) any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not settled within the applicable Settlement Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related
Trade Date thereof and (3) any Ineligible Investments will be excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes. 

Non-Call Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the
thirtieth month anniversary thereof. 

Notice of Acquisition has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a). 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former
connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Parent has the meaning set forth in the introductory
paragraph hereto. 

Parent Collateral
Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Parent Originated
Investments means Portfolio Investments made or acquired by the Parent from time to time. 

Parent Revolver means
that certain revolving credit facility of the Parent, which may be unsecured or secured by all of any portion of the Parents assets other than any Collateral, to be entered into by the Parent on or after the Effective Date with the
Administrative Agents prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned; it being understood and agreed that the Parent Revolver shall not interfere with the Collateral Agents security interest
in any of the Collateral, including, without limitation, any Unfunded Capital Commitments.

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(d). 

- 27 - 

Participation Interest
means a participation interest in a Loan.

Participating Member
State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Participation
Interest means a participation interest in a Loan.

PATRIOT
Act has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f). 

Payment has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.03(a). 

Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Pending Capital Call means any Capital Call that has been made upon the Investors and that has not yet been funded by the
applicable Investor, but with respect to which such Investor is not in default. 

Pension Plan Investor means an Investor that is an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA and is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code. 

Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds and, solely during the Reinvestment
Period and after the Ramp-up Period, Principal Proceeds at the discretion of the Company to the Parent (or
other permitted equity holders of the Company); provided that (a) there are Excess Interest Proceeds remaining immediately after giving effect to such distribution, (b) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
(or would occur immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (c) no Market Value Event shall have occurred, (d) no Market Value Trigger Event shall have occurred or would occur, (e) the Borrowing Base Test will be
satisfied immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, (f) the Company gives at least one (1) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator, (g) for Permitted Distributions of Principal Proceeds denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, proportionate Advances denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency have been repaid, (h) not more than five Permitted
Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period, (i) such distribution is not made during a MV Cure Extension Period or an Extended Cure Period, and (j) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be by
email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth herein are satisfied. 

Permitted Lien means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable
or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens
imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not
overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and (e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar
Liens existing solely with respect to cash, securities and Cash Equivalents on deposit in or credited to one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or custodian with
which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or custodian with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements. 

- 28 - 

Permitted Non-USD Currency means EUR, CAD, CHF and/or GBP, as applicable.

Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts means the account(s) established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and
set forth on the Transaction Schedule in an applicable jurisdiction to hold cash, including Advances, or Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or
removal of the Bank. 

Permitted RIC Distribution means distributions to the Parent (from the Collateral Accounts or
otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Parent to make sufficient distributions to qualify as a RIC, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent
(or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed 115% of the amounts that the Company would
have been required to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the Company to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be
taxed as a RIC for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Companys liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the
Code (or any successor thereto), or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Companys liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar
year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Company had qualified to be taxed as a RIC under the Code and (B) amounts may be
distributed pursuant to this definition only from Excess Interest Proceeds and so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied, (ii) the Company gives at least two (2) Business Days prior notice thereof to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (iii) if any such Permitted RIC Distributions are made after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any
90 calendar day period shall not exceed $1,500,000 and (iv) the Company and the Administrative Agent have confirmed in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted
RIC Distribution set forth herein are satisfied. 

Permitted Working Capital Lien has meaning set forth in the
definition of Senior Secured Loan. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust,
limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 

PIK
Portfolio Investment means a Portfolio Investment whose Underlying Definitive Documents permit the payment in kind of interest.

PIK
Type 1 Investment means any PIK Portfolio Investment whose Underlying Definitive Documents require that interest at a rate per annum at least equal to
the sum of (a) the
reference rate applicable to such Portfolio Investment plus (b) 4.50% is paid in cash at
intervals that are no less frequent than semi-annually.

PIK Type 2 Investment means any PIK Portfolio Investment whose Underlying Definitive Documents do not require
cash interest payments at intervals that are at least as frequent as semi-annually, at a rate per annum at least equal to (a) the reference rate applicable to such Portfolio Investment plus (b) 50% of the per-annum margin or spread
in such Underlying Definitive Documents applicable to such reference rate.

- 29 - 

Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined
in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA (other than a Pension Planan Investor). 

Plan Asset Rules means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part
2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

Pledgor has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this
Agreement.

Pledgor Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Pledgor Collateral
Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Pledgor Constituent
Documents means (i) the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Parent, adopted September 6, 2023, the Articles of Amendment
and Restatement of the Parent, dated as of September 6, 2023, any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Parent, as the same may be further amended, restated, modified
or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof and (ii) the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the SPV, dated as of
October 18, 2023, the Certificate of Formation of the SPV, dated as of July 17, 2023, any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the SPV, as the same may be further
amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof.

Portfolio means all Portfolio Investments Purchased and not otherwise sold or liquidated. 

Portfolio Investment
DistributionsDistribution
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(w). 

Portfolio Investments has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Portfolio Investment Obligor means, with respect to any Portfolio
Investment, the borrower or issuer thereof. 

Portfolio
Investments has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Portfolio Manager has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Possessory Collateral has the meaning set forth in the definition of Deliver. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in
effect at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Principal Proceeds means all amounts received with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all
amounts otherwise on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed to or deposited by the Company and Advances made in accordance herewith), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure
Account. 

- 30 - 

Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b). 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be
amended from time to time. 

Purchase (and its correlative forms) means each acquisition of a Portfolio Investment
hereunder (x) from the Parent pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, (y) from any other affiliated or unaffiliated party pursuant to an arms-length transaction or (z) originating any Portfolio Investment. 

Purchase Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a). 

Ramp-Up Period means the
period from and including the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date that is the 9-month anniversary of the Effective Date.

Rating means, for any
Person, its senior unsecured debt rating (or equivalent thereof), such as, but not limited to, a corporate credit rating, issuer rating/insurance financial strength rating (for an insurance company), general obligation rating or credit enhancement
program (for a governmental entity), or revenue bond rating (for an educational institution), in each case, from S&P, Moodys or Fitch.

Reference Bank Base Rate means the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the
Administrative Agent at its request by the Reference Banks: 

(a) in relation to Advances denominated in GBP, the Bank of England (or any
successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time; 

(b) in
relation to Advances denominated in CHF, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time; and 

(c) in relation to Advances denominated in Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European
Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as
published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any
successor thereto) from time to time. 

Reference Banks means, in relation to Advances denominated in GBP, the principal
office of JPMCB in London and/or such other banks as may be appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time in consultation with the Company, in relation to Advances denominated in Euro, the principal office in Europe of JPMCB and, in
relation to Advances denominated in CHF, the principal office of JPMCB in London or such other banks as may be appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time in consultation with the Company. 

- 31 - 

Reference Rate means (i) with respect to Advances denominated in
U.S. Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to Advances denominated in CAD, Adjusted Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Advances denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate and (iv) with respect to Advances denominated in GBP or
CHF, the Daily Simple RFR. The Reference Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager), and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR
Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is the EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such
Benchmark is Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting, and (4) with respect to other Benchmarks, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c). 

Reinvestment Period means the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the
earliest of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date, (ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs, (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs and (iv) if and when defined or otherwise provided for in the
constituent documents of the Parent, the date of the termination of the Reinvestment Period (or other similar term and/or provision therein, if any) of the Parent. 

Related Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in
U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the SOFR Administrator, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the SOFR Administrator, or, in each case any successor thereto, (ii) with
respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in GBP, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark
Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in
respect of Loans denominated in CHF, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of
Advances denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark
Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated,
(2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or
(4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any
Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Advances denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or (iii) with respect to any Advances denominated in CAD, Term CORRA. 

Removed Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Request for Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d). 

Required Lenders means Lenders collectively holding an aggregate Applicable Percentage of 50.1% or more. 

- 32 - 

Responsible Officer means with respect to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, any officer of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary customarily performing functions with respect to corporate trust matters and, with respect to a
particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the
administration of this Agreement. 

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including,
without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any shares or other Equity Interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment,
purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other Equity Interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any
outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares or other Equity Interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding. 

Retiring Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Returned Capital means, for any Investor, if applicable, those funds returned or distributed to such Investor by any Pledgorthe
Parent which is added back to such Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment pursuant to the applicable
PledgorFund Constituent Documents or
otherwise; in each case which amount has been set forth as Returned Capital on a certificate from a Responsible Officer of such Pledgor delivered to
Administrative Agent; provided that the failure of a Pledgor to deliver such certificate to Administrative Agent shall result in the exclusion of such amount from Returned Capital..

Reuters means Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv or any successor thereto. 

Revolving Loan means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of
revolving credit lines) that under the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders
thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero. 

RFR
means, for any Advance denominated in (a) GBP, SONIA and (b) CHF, SARON. 

RFR Advance means an Advance that
bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Business Day means, for any Advance denominated in
(a) GBP, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) CHF, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on
which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich. 

RFR Interest Day
has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. 

RIC means a regulated investment
company as defined in Section 851 of the Code. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any
time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the
Crimea region of Ukraine and the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine). 

- 33 - 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys
Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any other party to this Agreement, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country,
(c) any Person owned 50% or more, or controlled, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Company or any other party to this Agreement. 

SARON means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business
Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrators Website. 

SARON Administrator means the SIX
Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). 

SARON Administrators
Website means SIX Swiss Exchange AGs website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 

Scheduled Termination Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule. 

Second Amendment means Amendment No. 2 to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 30, 2024, among the
parties hereof. 

Second Amendment Effective Date is defined in the Second Amendment. 

Second Lien Loan means a Loan (i) that is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly
perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans) under Applicable Law (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Loan that is second
priority solely to a Permitted Working Capital Lien shall constitute a Senior Secured Loan) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or
about the time of origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance thereof plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 

Secured Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Secured Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

- 34 - 

Securities Account means the account(s) established by the Securities
Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary. 

Securities Intermediary has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Senior Secured Loan means any Loan, that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become)
subordinate in right of payment to any obligation of the Portfolio Investment Obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and
customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement), (ii) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens permitted
under the applicable credit agreement that are reasonable for similar Loans, and liens accorded priority by law in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, chattel
paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the
foregoing (a first priority lien on such assets a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and
customary for similar Loans) in all other collateral under Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of
acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien over the same collateral. 

Settlement Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Settlement Period has the meaning set forth in the definition of Market Value Cure. 

Side Letter means any letter or other agreement executed by or on behalf of an Investor with any Pledgorthe
Parent with respect to such Investors rights and/or obligations under its Subscription Agreement or any
PledgorFund Constituent Document. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured
overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor
administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs
Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

SOFR Rate Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

- 35 - 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person, that as of the date of
determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not unreasonably small in relation to
its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the amount of
any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such
Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Spot Rate means, as of any date of determination, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between U.S. Dollars
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar rate available through the Securities Intermediarys banking facilities (or, if the Securities Intermediary has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company that
it will no longer provide such services or if the Securities Intermediary or one of its affiliates is no longer the Collateral Agent, through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) and (y) with respect to all other
purposes between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by
the Administrative Agent from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day. The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

SPV has the meaning set forth in the
introductory paragraph heretomeans 26N DL SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Subject Person has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Subscription Agreement means with respect to any Investor, a Subscription Agreement as defined in the PledgorFund Constituent Documents and any related supplement thereto executed by an Investor in connection with the subscription for a stockholder interest in the Parent or membership interest in the SPV, as applicable, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time and where the context may require, all Subscription Agreements, collectively. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a
majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at
the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.

TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a
single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

- 36 - 

TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system
ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 

Term CORRA means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in CAD, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for
a tenor of three (3) months, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the Term CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination
Date the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding
Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator. 

Term CORRA
Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.32138% (32.138 basis points). 

Term CORRA Administrator means
Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator. 

Term CORRA Determination
Date means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Calculation Period. 

Term CORRA Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means, for each Calculation Period, the 3-month Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago
time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the
0%, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0% for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means,
for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Calculation Period, the rate per annum
determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business
Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

- 37 - 

Third Amendment means Amendment No. 3 to the Loan and Security
Agreement, dated November 15, 2024, among the parties hereof. 

Third Amendment Effective Date is defined in the
Third Amendment. 

Trade Date has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03. 

Traded Loan means any Loan governed by LSTA documentation for which at least two bid-side price is available as determined
by Markit Group Limited or LoanX. 

Transaction Schedule has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this
Agreement. 

Transition Date means the earlier of (i) the first day on
which the Parent has drawn more than one-third (1/3) of the Capital Commitments and (ii) the date 18 months following the Effective Date.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York. 

UCC Advance Rate means 50% or such other higher rate as
determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and notified to the Company by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail.

UCC Borrowing Base means on any date of determination,
(a) the product of (i) the UCC Advance Rate and (ii) Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments minus (b) the Designated Unfunded Capital Commitment, in each case, as of such date. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the
purposes of this Agreement. 

Uncertificated Security has the meaning set forth in the UCC. 

Undrawn Amount means, on any applicable date of determination,
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the Minimum Funding Amount minus the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances.

Undrawn Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e).

Undrawn Fee Rate means a per annum rate equal to the
Applicable Margin minus the Commitment Fee Rate.

Underlying
Definitive Documents means with respect to any Portfolio Investment, each loan agreement, indenture, other financing agreement, promissory note, collateral security agreement, guarantee and any other material agreement or document
evidencing, securing, governing or executed in connection with such Portfolio Investment, including without limitation, the agreements and instruments in respect of which the Company acquired such Portfolio Investment. 

Undrawn Amount
means, on any applicable date of determination, the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the Minimum Funding Amount minus the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances.

Undrawn Fee
Rate means a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin minus the Commitment Fee Rate.

- 38 - 

Undrawn
Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e).

Unfunded
Capital Commitments means with respect to any Investor, the unfunded or remaining Capital Commitment of such Investor that may be called in accordance with the terms of the PledgorFund Constituent Documents, including, without duplication, any Returned Capital attributable to such Investor; provided that Unfunded Capital Commitment shall not include (x) the portion of
such Investors Capital Commitment that is, at such time, subject to a Pending Capital Call or (y) any capital commitment (including any unfunded or remaining capital commitment) of Investors that would cause the assets of Parent or the SPV, as applicable, to constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Assets Rules.

Unfunded Exposure Account means the account established by the Bank or the Securities Intermediary and set
forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Bank or the Securities Intermediary. 

Unfunded Exposure Amount means, on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan held by the Company, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded commitments (in the case of unfunded commitments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate on such date of
determination) associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, as applicable. 

Unfunded Exposure
Deposit has the meaning set forth in Section 1.04. 

Unfunded Exposure Shortfall means, on any date of
determination, an amount equal to the greater of (x) 0 and (y) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount for all Portfolio Investments minus the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account minus the Designated Unfunded Capital Commitment. 

Unused Facility Amount means, on any applicable date of determination, the aggregate Financing Commitments of all Lenders
minus the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances. 

U.S. Dollars or USD means the lawful
currency of the United States of America. Any reference herein to $ shall mean USD unless otherwise specified. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f). 

Working Capital Revolver means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the
current assets of the related obligor, which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligors total assets. 

Zero-Coupon Security means any debt security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the
remaining period that it is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity. 

- 39 - 

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments. On or prior to the Effective Date, the Company shall have acquired the Initial
Portfolio Investments from the Contributor pursuant to the Contribution Agreement. From time to time during the Reinvestment Period, the Company may Purchase additional Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased for
the Companys account, all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases
and Related Advances. 

(a) Timing of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter
period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment or other agreement to acquire any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) be made
by it or for its account (a Purchase Commitment), the Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) a notice of acquisition (a Notice of
Acquisition); it being understood and agreed, that any delivery of a Notice of Acquisition by the Company to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be a certification by the Company of the contents thereof. 

(b) Contents of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the
Administrative Agent transmitted via email (in such format as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree (which shall initially be the format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment
identified on Schedule 2)), and shall be accompanied by such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (which information shall include in any event whether such Portfolio Investment is subject to any event of default (as
such term or similar term is defined in the underlying instruments for such Portfolio Investment)). 

(c) Eligibility of Portfolio
Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of all Lenders, to request in good faith additional information regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager, the
Company and the Collateral Agent of its approval or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment proposed to be acquired pursuant to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, an initial determination of the Market Value for such Portfolio
Investment) no later than the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information requested in good faith in connection
therewith); provided that (i) any Initial Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the failure of the Administrative Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its
approval in accordance with this Section 1.02(c) shall be deemed to be a disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Each approval granted by the Administrative Agent for the purchase of a proposed Portfolio Investment shall remain effective
for a period of thirty (30) days. 

(d) The failure of the Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment
will not prohibit the Company from acquiring such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio Investment not so approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an
Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved. 

- 40 - 

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases. No Purchase Commitment or Purchase shall be
entered into or made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Required Lenders) as of the date on which such Purchase Commitment is entered into or such Purchase would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments
Trade Date): 

(1) the information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all
material respects, such Portfolio Investment and, unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, such Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule 3 (the Eligibility
Criteria); 

(2) with respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not
later than the applicable Settlement Period (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such Trade Date; 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default (a Default; it being understood that the occurrence or continuance of any Market Value Trigger Event, absent the occurrence of a Market Value Cure Failure in respect thereof, shall not be deemed a
Default hereunder), has occurred and is continuing, and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and 

(4) after giving pro forma effect to the Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and any related Advance, the Borrowing Base Test
is satisfied. 

If the above conditions to a Purchase Commitment or a Purchase are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the
Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which such Purchase (if any) shall settle (the Settlement
Date for such Portfolio Investment). 

On the Settlement Date and upon its receipt of the executed assignment agreement (and at
other times thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including via email)), the Collateral Agent shall provide (including via email) to the Administrative Agent a copy of the executed assignment agreement
pursuant to which such Portfolio Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company. 

SECTION 1.04. Sales of
Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent, except that the Company may sell (and any trade ticket or other
direction or instruction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to constitute a certification (on which the Collateral Agent may conclusively rely) that the
following conditions have been satisfied) any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset so long as, (x) before and immediately after giving effect thereto, (i) no Market Value Event has occurred or Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing, (y) immediately after giving effect thereto, the Borrowing Base Test would be satisfied and (z) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be
on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance with the Portfolio Managers standard market practices. In addition, subject to clauses (x), (y) and (z) in the immediately preceding sentence, within two
(2) Business Days of any Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment, subject to Section 6.02(w), the Company shall either (i) sell such Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding
Term Loan and shall pay any amount payable in connection with such sale or (ii) deposit an amount equal to the Unfunded Exposure Amount with respect to such Portfolio Investment into the Unfunded Exposure Account (such amount deposited, the
Unfunded Exposure Deposit) (unless such amount has already been funded); provided, that such two (2) Business Day period shall be extended by up to eight (8) Business Days if within two (2) Business Days after such
Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment, a senior officer of the Company proposes a plan to sell such Portfolio Investment that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

- 41 - 

In connection with any sale, transfer or disposition of Portfolio Investments otherwise
permitted under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent, following instructions by the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall issue such instructions as directed by the Company), shall issue instructions to the securities intermediary
under the applicable Account Control Agreement. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this
Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (x) neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without limitation, the
transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (other than Permitted RIC Distributions and the transfer of funds from the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts to another Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement) and (y) no Pledgor shall have the right to initiate any Capital Call (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) or to deposit proceeds from any Pending Capital
Call into an account other than the Pledgor Collateral Accounts (which will then be promptly deposited in the MV Cure Account at the direction of such Pledgor) or the MV Cure Account, in each case) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which
consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall
at the sole direction and discretion of, and in the manner
(including, without limitation, the time of Capital Call, amount of Capital Call, time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required by the Administrative Agent (x) cause the Parent and/or the SPV to make a Capital Call on the Investors for deposit of proceeds thereof into the MV Cure Account and/or (y) use commercially reasonable efforts to sell Portfolio Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) in each case, in an amount sufficient to cure such Market Value Event,
at the sole
discretion of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal
amount to be sold and purchaser) required by the Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders and at least
equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the Administrative Agents standard market practices) and the proceeds from such Capital
Call and/or sales shall be used to prepay the Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no right to act
on behalf of, or otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement except with the prior written consent
of the Administrative Agent. Any prepayments made pursuant to this paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(c). Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection with the sale
of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via e-mail) to facilitate the consummation of such
sale. 

In connection with any sale of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of a
Market Value Event or an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall: 

(i) notify the
Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio Investments; and 

- 42 - 

(ii) direct the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent
Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides the highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the
Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to purchase a Portfolio Investment on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on a pool basis proposed to
be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any other
bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool) is greater than the bid on a pool basis. 

For purposes of this paragraph, the
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents judgment (acting reasonably): 

(A) either: 

(x) the Designated
Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant
Portfolio Investments; or 

(y) the Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts,
be able to obtain any consent required under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable,
to it; or 

(B) such bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent
Dealer or (y) the inability, failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or
perform its obligations generally. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the bid(s) provided by the Designated Independent Dealer may be provided
on behalf of the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager or any account or fund serviced or managed by the Portfolio Manager or an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager if so agreed between the Designated Independent
Dealer and such Person. 

In connection with the making
of, and solely to the extent of, any Capital Call and/orany sale of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04 and the
application of the net proceeds thereof following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Pledgors
and or an Event of Default and the application of the net proceeds thereof, the Company each hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as its lawful proxy andthe
Companys attorney-in-fact (and agent-in-fact) (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of any Pledgor and/or the
Company, as applicable, by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of such Pledgor and/or the
Company, as applicable, and in the name of such Pledgor and/or the
Company, as applicable, to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without
limitation, the power to direct any party with respect to any Capital Commitments, initiate Capital Calls, otherwise execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral
Agent in respect of the application of net proceeds of any such Capital Calls and/or sales). None of
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any Affiliate of any thereof shall incur any liability to any Pledgor, the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection with any Capital Call and/or sale effected at the direction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section
1.04, including, without limitation, as a result of the price obtained for any Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any such
sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent only, any such sale does not violate Applicable Law. 

- 43 - 

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments. For purposes of
all calculations hereunder, any Portfolio Investment for which the Trade Date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the Settlement Date for such sale has not occurred, shall be considered to be owned by the Company until such
Settlement Date. 

SECTION 1.06. Valuation of Permitted Non-USD Currency Portfolio Investments. For purposes of all valuations,
calculations and reports hereunder, the principal amount and Market Value of all Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency on deposit in any
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account shall be converted to U.S. Dollars at the Spot Rate in accordance with the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative Agent on the applicable date of valuation or calculation, as applicable.
Additionally, for all calculations of Net Advances hereunder, the principal amount of outstanding Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall for the purposes of such determination be equal to the Dollar Equivalent amount thereof.

SECTION 1.07. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on an Advance may be derived from an interest rate
benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.01(h) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of
interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this
Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be
similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative
Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or
any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component
thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall, absent any gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other person
or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation
of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.08. Currency Equivalents
Generally. For purposes of determining (a) whether the amount of any Advance, together with all other Advances then outstanding or to be made at the same time as such Advances, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitments,
(b) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Financing Commitments and (c) except in connection with the calculation of Net Advances as described in Section 1.06, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Advances, the
outstanding principal amount of any Advances that are denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advances determined as of the date such Advances
were made. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with an Advance an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in U.S. Dollars, but such Advance is denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amount shall be the
Dollar Equivalent of such Permitted Non-USD Currency (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of such Permitted Non-USD Currency). 

- 44 - 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01.
Financing Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally agrees to make available from time to time to the Company Advances, in U.S. Dollars or any
Permitted Non-USD Currency, in an aggregate amount outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment as of such time. The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the close of business on the
last day of the Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c) the occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

SECTION 2.02.
[Reserved]. 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or
an Advance set forth in Section 2.05 as of (i) both the related Trade Date and Settlement Date and/or (ii) the Advance date, as applicable, the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make
the applicable Advance available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is being acquired on such date, including without limitation for the purpose of making Permitted
Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions) as provided herein. 

(b) Except as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to
make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion
(notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully
paid. 

(c) The Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to purchase the Portfolio Investments identified in
the related Notice of Acquisition, to make a Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC Distribution specified in the related Request for Advance, to pay the expenses of the Company or to make advances to the Portfolio Investment Obligor of Delayed
Funding Term Loans or Revolving Loans in accordance with the underlying instruments relating thereto; provided that, if the proceeds of an Advance are deposited in the Collection Account (or, in the case of Advances denominated in any
Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) as provided in Section 3.01 prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the
related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a), upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall apply such proceeds as provided in
Section 4.05 (for the avoidance of doubt, without premium or penalty). The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose. In connection with the use of proceeds of any Advances as permitted in this paragraph, the Collateral
Agent as directed by the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall issue such directions as directed by the Company), shall issue instructions to the securities intermediary under the applicable Account Control Agreement. 

- 45 - 

(d) With respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company,
submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A (a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, not later than 11:00 a.m. New York
City time, two (2) Business Days (except (i) with respect to any Advance denominated in USD, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day and (ii) with respect to any Advance denominated in CHF, not later
than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days) prior to the Business Day specified as the date on which such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the
terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, immediately after giving effect thereto and the related purchase (if any) of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.
Subject to any deemed request pursuant to Section 3.01(h), no Request for Advance shall request a Daily Simple SOFR Advance unless the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR. 

(e) If the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount on any date on or after the
Effective Date and prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, then the Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, from and after such date, for the account of each Lender, an undrawn fee (the Undrawn Fee) which
shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to the Undrawn Fee Rate on the average daily Undrawn Amount during the period from and including such date to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued Undrawn Fees shall be payable in
arrears on each Interest Payment Date occurring after the date on which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances is less than the Minimum Funding Amount to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Financing Commitments
terminate and (ii) the last day of the Reinvestment Period. All Undrawn Fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

(f) If two (2) Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, then the
Portfolio Manager, on behalf of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding Advance on the last day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator by the Administrative Agent) in accordance with Article III in an amount, to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall, (ii) the
Financing Commitments in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances and (iii) an amount such that the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied immediately after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the
Company provides evidence to the Administrative Agent (satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) that it has cash from other sources that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such
future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan, then the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such funds,
provided further that for the purpose of this
Section 2.03(f), the calculation of Unfunded Exposure Shortfall shall disregard from the definition therein any reference to the Designated Unfunded Capital Commitment. After giving
effect to such Advance, the Company shall cause the proceeds of such Advance and cash from other sources that are available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall to be
deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account. 

(g) If, at any time, there is an Unfunded Exposure Amount, the Company shall deposit,
within two (2) Business Days thereof, cash collateral in the Unfunded Exposure Account in an amount equal to 50% of such Unfunded Exposure Amount; provided
that, in lieu of depositing all or a portion of such cash collateral in the Unfunded Exposure Account, the Parent may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, maintain an equal amount of (i) Unfunded Capital Commitments (the Unfunded
Capital Commitments maintained for such purpose, the Designated Unfunded Capital
Commitment) and/or (ii) cash and cash equivalents to the extent the Parent provides reasonably satisfactory evidence to the
Administrative Agent that such Unfunded Capital Commitments and/or cash and cash equivalents are (x) so maintained and (y) available to satisfy any future advances in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan..

- 46 - 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, this Agreement shall not become effective until the date (the Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(a) Executed Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a
counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party
has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents have been executed and are in full force and effect, and that the initial sales and/or contributions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement shall have been consummated in accordance with
the terms thereof. 

(c) Opinions. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory
written opinions of counsel for the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the
PledgorsParent and the Contributor, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including, without
limitation, certain bankruptcy matters) in writing. 

(d) Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel)
shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of any directors or officers of the Company,
each Pledgorthe
Parent, the Contributor and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each director or officer thereof or other
Person authorized to act in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, formation,
registration or incorporation, existence and good standing of the Company, each Pledgorthe Parent, the Contributor and the Portfolio Manager and any other
legal matters relating to the Company, any
Pledgorthe Parent, the Portfolio Manager, this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(e) Payment of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have
received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including the fee payable pursuant to Section 4.03(e) and, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder. 

(f) PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, the
Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law
October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company qualifies as a legal entity customer
under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in
relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification. 

- 47 - 

(g) Filings. Proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of
the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged
hereunder shall have been (i) filed and are in full force and effect, or (ii) prepared in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for such filing. 

(h) Certain Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and
pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Company or each
Pledgorthe Parent as debtor and that are filed in
the jurisdiction in which the Company or such
Pledgorthe Parent is each organized, (ii) a
UCC lien search indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Contributor as debtor which cover any of the Portfolio Investments and (iii) such other searches that the Administrative Agent deems
necessary or appropriate. 

(i) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a
certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date. 

(j) Contact Information. The Administrative Agent shall have received
the contact information for each Investor to the extent different from or otherwise not set forth in its Subscription Agreement.

(j)
(k) Other Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
require. 

(l) Pledgor Constituent Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its
counsel) shall have received the Pledgor Constituent Documents, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the proposed
date of such Advance (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(1) the Effective Date shall have
occurred; 

(2) the Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d); 

(3) no Market Value Event has occurred; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(5) the Reinvestment Period has not ended; 

(6) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and
correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that
such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality
qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

- 48 - 

(7) after giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase)
hereunder: 

(w) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; 

(x) the aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the
Transaction Schedule; and 

(y) the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding principal amount of Advances denominated in each
Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed the lesser of (1) the product of (i) the Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap and (ii) the Financing Commitments then in effect and (2) the Collateral Principal Amount of Portfolio
Investments denominated in such currency; and 

(z) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
all Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 30% and (ii) the Financing Commitments then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of
all Portfolio Investments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency; and 

(8) the amount of such Advance shall be not
less than $1,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion); provided that the amount of the initial Advance on the
Effective Date shall be not less than the Initial Funding Amount. 

If the
above conditions to an Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on
which any Advance shall be provided. 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option. The Company may, at any time during the
Reinvestment Period, submit a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request for an increase in the Financing Commitment (any Financing Commitment resulting from approval of a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, an Increased
Financing Commitment), subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) each of the Lenders and the
Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion) approve in writing (which may be by email) such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request; 

(b) no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and
as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date; 

(c) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase
Date; 

(d) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and
correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain
materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

- 49 - 

(e) no commitment termination or reduction shall have occurred pursuant to Section
4.07(a)(i)(B) prior to the Financing Commitment Increase Date; 

(f) the Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on the
Financing Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each Lender, an upfront fee in an amount to be mutually agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent; 

(g) any Financing Commitment Increase Option Request shall be in an amount not less than $100,000,000; and 

(h) after giving effect to such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, the amount of such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request,
aggregated with the amount of all prior increases in the Financing Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.06, shall not exceed $500,000,000; and 

(i) receipt by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without
limitation, documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date. 

SECTION 2.07. Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase. 

The Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase shall become effective on the date that is the nine month anniversary of the Effective Date (the
Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date), or such other date agreed to by the Administrative Agent and Lenders in writing (including via email), without further action by any party, subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by
the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) on such date of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) no Market Value Event shall have
occurred and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date; 

(b) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all
material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment Scheduled Increase Date, except to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain
materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and 

(c) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) and the
Collateral Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.07(a) and 2.07(b) have been satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment
Scheduled Increase Date. 

- 50 - 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances. 

(a) Making the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then each
Lender shall make such Advance on the proposed date thereof (and use commercially reasonable efforts to make such Advance by 4:00 p.m., New York City time) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to (x) the Collateral Agent for deposit
to the Collection Account or (y) in the case of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account). Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or foreign branch
or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Advances, except that prepayments made after the Reinvestment Period shall result in a reduction of Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(e). 

(b) Interest on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the
date on which such Advance is made to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to the applicable Reference Rate for each Calculation Period, as applicable, in effect
plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under clause (a), (d), (e) or (m) of Article VII, all
outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to
the Reference Rate for each Calculation Period, as applicable, in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin. 

(c) Evidence of
the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal
and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and the applicable currency thereof. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the
Register) in which it shall record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (2) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and
(3) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive
absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such Register or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this section. This Section 3.01(c) shall be construed so that the Advances are at all times maintained in
registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code. 

Any Lender may request that
Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative
Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to
the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

- 51 - 

(d) Pro Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all borrowings of, and
payments in respect of, the Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing Commitments in respect of Advances held by them. 

(e) Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Company that the adoption of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful,
or any Governmental Authority asserts that it is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder in any applicable currency, then (1) the obligation of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent hereunder to fund or maintain the Advances in such currency shall immediately be suspended until such time as such Lender or the Administrative Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again
lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental expenses), until such time as
the Advances are required to be prepaid as required under clause (3) below, to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which such performance would not be
unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the Administrative Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then (I) any outstanding Advances of such Lender in such applicable currency shall be promptly paid in full by the Company
(together with all accrued interest and all other amounts owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent to take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar
days after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause (2) and (y) such date as shall
be mandated by law or (II) if requested by the Portfolio Manager or the Company, any outstanding Advances in such currency shall be converted to an Advance denominated in USD on the date specified by the Administrative Agent at the Spot Rate and
shall become denominated and payable in USD and thereafter shall bear interest at the rates applicable to Advances denominated in USD and the Company shall pay all amounts owing in connection therewith, including all interest accrued on the Advances
being covered through such date; provided that, to the extent that any such adoption or change makes it unlawful for the Advances to bear interest by reference to the applicable Reference Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through
(3) shall not apply and the Advances subject to such Reference Rate shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation Period ending immediately after such adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the applicable Base
Rate plus the relevant Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule, provided, further, that no breakage costs shall be payable in connection with this Section 3.01(e). 

(f) Increased Costs. 

(i) If any Change in Law shall: 

(A) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory
loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 

(B) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or 

(C) subject any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than
(x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

- 52 - 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or the Administrative
Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon request by
such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, for such
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(ii) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or
liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender
to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect
to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, or such Lenders holding company
for any such reduction suffered. 

(iii) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to
compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within twelve (12) Business Days after receipt thereof. 

(iv) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this
Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such
Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

(v) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the
Company may reasonably request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any
actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss of money). In no event will the Company be
responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing. 

(vi) If any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this clause
(f) or (B) defaults in its obligation to make Advances hereunder, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without
recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee
identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender 

- 53 - 

shall be obligated to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon,
accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment and (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such assignment. 

(g) No Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the
Advances shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the
Company is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement. 

(h) Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(i) Temporary Benchmark Unavailability. Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and
(vi) of this Section 3.01(h), if: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination
shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Reference Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the
applicable tenor or applicable currency and such Calculation Period or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Daily Simple SOFR; or 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) the Reference Rate will not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such
Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) denominated in U.S. Dollars, then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Company and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as
practicable thereafter (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) and until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator)
that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03(d), then, with respect for
Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Request for Advance that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for (x) Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of
Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, (2) any Request for Advance that requests a Daily
Simple SOFR Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for a Base Rate Advance and (3) (x) any Request for Advance in Permitted Non-USD Currency with respect to the applicable Reference Rate for the applicable Calculation Period shall
be ineffective and (y) the obligations of the Lenders to make any Advances in Permitted Non-USD Currency connection with such Reference Rate shall be suspended. 

- 54 - 

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on
the date of the Companys receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.01(h)(i) with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance, then until
(x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Request for Advance in accordance
with the terms of Section 2.03(d) then, with respect to Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall, on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding
Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or
(b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, on such day, and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or any Advance denominated in Permitted
Non-USD Currency shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

(ii) Permanent Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then: 

(a) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement with respect to U.S. Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 

(b) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or
after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or
any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(iii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

- 55 - 

(iv) Notices from and Determinations by the Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator) of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date,
(b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and
(e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this
Section 3.01(h), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any
selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required
pursuant to this Section 3.01(h). 

(v) Unavailable Term Rate Tenors. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR) and either
(A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for
the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either
(A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark
(including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously
removed tenor. 

(vi) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement
of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for or conversion to an Advance to be made or converted during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request
for, or request for conversion to (i) a Term Benchmark Advance into a request for, or conversion to, (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Base Rate
Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (ii) an Advance in a Permitted Non-USD Currency into a request for, or conversion to a Base Rate Advance. 

During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component
of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

- 56 - 

Furthermore, if any Advance is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the applicable Reference Rate, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), (1) any Term Benchmark
Advance shall on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple
SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall be made without deduction
or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Company, then the Company shall be entitled to make such
deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be
increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the
Company. The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, within
twelve (12) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Lender or the
Administrative Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender or the Administrative Agent and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own
behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall
indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so) and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in

- 57 - 

connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).

(e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to
this Section 3.03, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other
evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured
Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or
the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.03(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or
submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably
requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following
is applicable: 

(i) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United
States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, copies of executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax
pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

- 58 - 

(ii) copies of executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Company or any Pledgorthe
Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate) and (y) copies of executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or 

(iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, copies of executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form
W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a
partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such
number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the
Administrative Agent), copies of any other executed form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be
prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional
documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing
of its legal inability to do so; and 

(E) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9 upon
becoming a party under this Agreement attesting to the fact that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial institution
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1471-3(a)(3)(iii) and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA. 

- 59 - 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified
party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid
over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified
party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund has not been deducted, withheld or otherwise
imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating
to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each partys
obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION
4.01. Interest Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest Proceeds to the Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD
Currency Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Collection Account or remitted to the
Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the Collection Account all Interest Proceeds received by it immediately upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager;
provided that Interest Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. 

Interest Proceeds shall be retained in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash
and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Cash Equivalents denominated in the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio
Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent) (Eligible Investments). Eligible Investments shall mature on demand or
no later than the end of the then-current Calculation Period. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, Interest Proceeds shall remain
uninvested. 

- 60 - 

Interest Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency
Account, as applicable) shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the
Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.03 hereof) or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in
accordance with this Agreement. 

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds. The Company shall notify the Portfolio Investment Obligor with
respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal Proceeds to the Collection Account or a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into
the Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Principal Proceeds received on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit (or cause to be
credited) to the Collection Account all Principal Proceeds received by it immediately upon receipt thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager; provided that Principal Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. 

All Principal Proceeds shall be retained in the
Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) and held in cash and/or invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) in Eligible Investments denominated in
the applicable currency of such account selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment income on
such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the absence of any such written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, Principal Proceeds shall remain
uninvested. 

Principal Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account (or any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, as applicable) shall be
withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event,
the Administrative Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.03 hereof), (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased in
accordance with this Agreement, (iii) to be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account or (iv) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with this Agreement, in each case with prior notice to the
Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Principal Proceeds received in connection with the sale of any Portfolio Investment pursuant to Section 1.04 following a Market Value Event shall be used to prepay Advances as set forth
therein at the written direction of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment
Fee. 

(a) The Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances in cash in the currency in which each relevant Advance was
made (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts shall be applied to the
satisfaction of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 

- 61 - 

(b) Accrued interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment
Date, each Additional Distribution Date and the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the
event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, interest on Advances shall
continue to accrue during the period between the end of a Calculation Period and the corresponding Interest Payment Date, with such accrued interest to be included in the calculation of interest for the immediately succeeding Calculation Period.
Each payment of interest on an Advance shall be made in the currency in which such Advance was made. 

(c) (i) Subject to the
requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances (which prepayment shall result in a termination of Financing Commitments to the extent required pursuant to Section
4.07) in whole or in part without any premium or penalty on any Business Day (except as set forth in Section 4.07(a)); provided that the Company may not prepay any outstanding Advances pursuant to this Section
4.03(c)(i)(D) during the Non-Call Period in an amount that would cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be below the Minimum Funding Amount. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days
(except with respect to prepayment of an Advance denominated in CFH, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days) before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the
prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each
partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less than $1,000,000 or such lesser amount as is outstanding. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest. 

(ii) At the request of any Lender, any optional prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(D) that is made on a date
other than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of such prepayment. 

(d) The
Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused
Facility Amount of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the last day of the Reinvestment Period. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the date on
which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(e) The Company agrees to pay the Administrative Agent on the Effective Date, for the account of the Lenders, an Initial Upfront Fee. Once
paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

(f) Without limiting Section 4.03(c), the
Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from Capital Contributions and/or
sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth in Section 8.01(h). All such prepayments shall be made in the
currency of the applicable Advances and accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest in the same currency, and with respect to each currency shall be applied to the repayment of the longest outstanding Advance in such currency. 

- 62 - 

(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each optional repayment by the
Company of an Advance hereunder may only be made if, after giving effect to such repayment, (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the lesser
of (A) the product of (x) 30% and (y) the Financing Commitments then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency and (ii) the outstanding
principal amount of Advances denominated in each Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (x) the Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap and (y) the Financing Commitments then in effect
and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of Portfolio Investments denominated in such currency. 

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account.

(a) The Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or
remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in writing as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, the Administrative Agent
shall direct that all cash amounts in the MV Cure Account be invested in overnight Eligible Investments. All amounts contributed to the Company by the Parent or the
SPV in connection with a Market Value Cure shall be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable claim. 

(b) Amounts on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company or the
Portfolio Manager on its behalf (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent)) and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the
Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances and reduction of Financing Commitment);
provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base Test is not satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal). 

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business
Day after the occurrence of a Market Value Event and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and payable (each date set forth in clauses (y) and
(z) above, an Additional Distribution Date), the Collateral Agent (at and in accordance with the written direction (which may be provided by email) of the Administrative Agent)) shall distribute all amounts in the Collection
Account (and any Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds then on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) in the following order of priority (the Priority of Payments): 

(a) to pay in accordance with the following order of priority (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereunder (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities) and (ii) second, any other accrued and unpaid fees and out-of-pocket expenses (other than the commitment fee
payable to the Lenders, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder or payable to any Governmental Authority in respect of Taxes payable by the Company or filing, registration or similar fees, up to a maximum amount under this clause (a)
of $100,000 on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional
Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); 

(b) to pay interest due in respect of the Advances
and any increased costs and commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro rata based on amounts due); 

- 63 - 

(c) to pay (i) on each Interest Payment Date, all prepayments of the Advances permitted
or required under this Agreement (including any applicable premium) and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any Additional Distribution Date), principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(d) prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, in such amount at the direction and discretion of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded
Exposure Account up to the Unfunded Exposure Amount; 

(e) following the end of the Reinvestment Period, solely with respect to Principal
Proceeds, to pay principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full; 

(f) to pay all amounts set forth in clause (a)
above not paid due to the limitation set forth therein; 

(g) to make any Permitted Distributions, Portfolio Investment Distributions or
Permitted RIC Distributions directed by the Company (or Portfolio Manager) otherwise permitted under this Agreement; 

(h) so long as
(i) no Market Value Event has occurred, (ii) the Borrowing Base Test will be satisfied immediately after giving effect to such payment and (iii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, unless waived or deferred
by the Portfolio Manager, to pay any fees and expenses payable to the Portfolio Manager pursuant to Section 5.01 (which such amounts of fees and expenses shall be calculated by the Portfolio Manager and notified to the Collateral Agent
and Administrative Agent); and 

(i) (i) on any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Collection Account (or,
with respect to any such amounts denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account) as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining amounts
to the Company. 

Subject to Section 4.06(b), with respect to any amounts payable under Sections 4.05(a) through (i) above
resulting from an Advance denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amounts shall be first paid using Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency from the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Account. 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally. 

(a) All payments to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to
the Company and the Collateral Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). The Administrative Agent shall give written notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and other amounts due to Lenders and the amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least
two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator in respect of the interest due on such Interest Payment
Date and other amounts payable to the Lenders. All payments not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by
the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. Subject to Section 4.03, all payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. All interest calculated using any Reference Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis
of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

- 64 - 

(b) At any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Securities Intermediary or the Bank, as applicable, to exchange amounts held in each Permitted Non-USD Currency Account for U.S. Dollars or to exchange
amounts held in the Collateral Accounts for one or more Permitted Non-USD Currencies, in each case at the Spot Rate for application hereunder. 

(c) If after receipt of an invoice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.06(a) and at least two (2) Business
Day prior to any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, the Company does not have a sufficient amount of funds in a Permitted Non-USD Currency on deposit in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account that will be needed (1) to pay
to the Lenders all of the amounts required to be paid in such Permitted Non-USD Currency on such date and/or (2) to pay any expenses required to be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, in each case, in the Permitted Non-USD
Currency required for such payment (a Currency Shortfall), then, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the Company shall exchange (or shall direct the
Collateral Agent to exchange), in each case with the consent of the Administrative Agent, amounts in U.S. Dollars held in the Collection Account, for such Permitted Non-USD Currency in an amount necessary to cure such Currency Shortfall. Each such
exchange shall occur no later than one Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, and shall be made at the Spot Rate. If for any reason the Company shall have failed to effect any such currency exchange by
such date, then the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to (but shall not be obligated to) direct such currency exchange on behalf of the Company. 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments. 

(a) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a) the Company shall be entitled at its option (A) without any
premium or penalty on any Business Day that (i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent or (ii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and or its Affiliates refinance this Agreement into a new
credit facility in which such parties hold a majority of the commitments and loans thereunder or (B) at any time following the Non-Call Period, up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period, to either (i) terminate the
Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or
(ii) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an
executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of termination
or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly
following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000. 

(ii) Each optional commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(B) that is made, whether in full
or in part, (A) during the period beginning with the end of the Non-Call Period and ending six months thereafter, shall be accompanied by a premium equal to 1.0% of the amount of Financing Commitments so terminated or reduced, as applicable.

- 65 - 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) The Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances
following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or an Event of Default. 

(d) All unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the
Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated. 

(e) The Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any
repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of the Reinvestment Period. 

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION
5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company hereby appoints the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement and to perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein, and the
Portfolio Manager hereby accepts such appointment. For so long as no Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to Section 1.04, the services to be provided by the Portfolio Manager
shall consist of (x) selecting, purchasing, managing and directing the investment, reinvestment and disposition of Portfolio Investments, delivering Notices of Acquisition on behalf of and in the name of the Company and (y) acting on
behalf of the Company for all other purposes hereof and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company herein and in each other Loan Document. The Company
hereby irrevocably appoints the Portfolio Manager its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense, in connection with the performance of its duties provided for herein.
Without limiting the foregoing: 

(a) The Portfolio Manager shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable care,
using a degree of skill not less than that which the Portfolio Manager exercises with respect to assets of the nature of the Portfolio Investments that it manages for itself and others having similar investment objectives and restrictions and
consistent with practices and procedures followed by institutional managers of national standing relating to assets of the nature and character of the Portfolio under similar circumstances; and 

(b) The Portfolio Manager shall not (and shall not cause the Company to) take any action that it knows or reasonably should
know would (1) violate the constituent documents of the Company, (2) after giving effect to any applicable no-action letters and any other exemptive or similar relief, violate in any material respect any law, rule or regulation applicable
to the Company, (3) require registration of the Company as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or (4) cause the Company to violate the terms of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
any instruments relating to the Portfolio Investments. 

The Portfolio Manager may employ third parties (including its Affiliates) to
render advice (including investment advice) and assistance to the Company and to perform any of the Portfolio Managers duties hereunder, provided that the Portfolio Manager shall not be relieved of any of its duties or liabilities
hereunder regardless of the performance of any services by third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have the right to remove or replace the Portfolio Manager as investment adviser or portfolio
manager hereunder. 

- 66 - 

As compensation for the performance of its duties hereunder, the Portfolio Manager shall
receive from the Company (i) a fee payable at an annual rate of 0.75% (or 1.00% in the event the shares of Parents common stock are listed on a national securities exchange) of the average value of the Companys gross assets at the
end of each of the Companys two most recently completed calendar quarters and (ii) reimbursement for its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of its duties hereunder (which reimbursement shall not exceed $100,000 in any
calendar year), in each case, payable on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments to the extent permitted thereunder. For purposes of this paragraph, gross assets means the total assets of
the Company determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts. 

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. The Portfolio Manager agrees to comply with all
covenants and restrictions imposed on the Company hereunder and not to act in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents to the other parties hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date and Settlement Date for each Portfolio
Investment purchased, such Portfolio Investment meets all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and, except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be
satisfied (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and (b) all of the information contained in the related Notice of Acquisition is true, correct and complete in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any
such information was furnished to the Company by any third party, such information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager. 

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification. The Portfolio Manager shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons (each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any and all
losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities of any kind, including legal fees and disbursements (collectively, Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person on a current basis for all reasonable and documented
expenses (including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of external counsel), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending any investigative, administrative, judicial or
regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any intentional breach of Section 6.02 (d), (e), (g) or (hh), (b) the intentional failure of any of the representations
or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth in Section 6.01(t) or (u) to be true in all material respects when made or when deemed made or repeated, (c) fraud, as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction or
the SEC, committed by the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any
Pledgorthe Parent (or any officer or director
thereof) in relation to the Companys, or any
Pledgorsthe Parents, business or
(d) a Company or Portfolio Manager Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(e); in each of the foregoing clauses (a) through (c), except to the extent that such Liabilities or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable
judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. In no event shall the Portfolio Manager be liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or
damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if the Portfolio Manager has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.03 does not provide for
indemnification that would have the effect of recourse for non-payment of the Portfolio Investments due solely to a discharge in bankruptcy or similar insolvency proceeding with respect to any obligor thereunder or other reasons relating solely to
the credit quality or performance of the Portfolio Investments (including Liabilities that represent losses from Portfolio Investments due to the related obligors financial inability to pay) and not, in either case, relating to or arising out
of the matters set forth in the clauses of the immediately preceding sentence. 

- 67 - 

This Section 5.03 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment
of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder. 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties. The Company (and,
(i) with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (j), (l), (n),
(o), (t), (u), (v)(i), (w), and (aa), the Portfolio Manager and (ii) with respect to all clauses other than (f), (g), (m), (o),
(q)(i), (r), (s) and (aa) through (cc), each Pledgor, except that clauses (q)(ii), (r) and (u) shall not apply to the SPV) represent to the other parties hereto solely with
respect to itself that as of the date hereof and each Trade Date (or as of such other date as maybe expressly set forth herein): 

(a) it is duly organized, formed, registered or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of
its organization, formation, registration or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and to consummate the transactions
herein and therein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such other Loan Document, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable limitations on the availability of
specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); 

(c) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments
and will not violate in any material respect any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will not result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under
any material agreement, instrument or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected; 

(d)
it is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding; 

(e) it has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and
authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and
each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(f) it is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(g) it has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

- 68 - 

(h)
(i) with respect to any Pledgor, on or prior to the Transition Date, it has no Indebtedness for borrowed money other than under the Parent Revolver, and
(ii) with respect to the Company, it has no Indebtedness other than (x) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (y) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (z) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving
Loan; 

(i) none of its underlying assets constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; 

(j) as of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors; 

(k) it is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) it has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental
authorities, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio, except where noncompliance by it would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(m) it does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than the Portfolio Investments or Investments
(i) constituting Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company as permitted hereunder, or (iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a
workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(n) (x) it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is
subject, and all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general
economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby
(after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to its knowledge contains), when taken as a whole, as of its delivery date
(and as updated or supplemented after such date), any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and
(z) as of the Effective Date, to the best of its knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if any, provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and
correct in all respects; 

(o) all of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments specified in Section 1.03 have
been satisfied or waived; 

(p) it has timely filed all federal, state and other Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed
by it; all such Tax returns are true and correct in all material respects; and it has paid or withheld (as applicable) all federal, state and other Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any) shown on such federal, state and other Tax
returns, except in each case (x) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records
or (y) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

- 69 - 

(q)
(i) each of the Company
and the SPV is and will be treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and
(ii) the Parent is and will be treated as a corporation (that intends to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of the Code) for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(r) the Company is and will be wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person; 

(s) prior to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for
Portfolio Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto; 

(t) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries
is (1) a Sanctioned Person; (2) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a Sanctioned Country or any country or territory which is designated as a High-Risk Jurisdiction subject to a Call for Action by the Financial
Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (3) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a
physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (4) a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and also in material compliance with
all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act; 

(u) it has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure
compliance by it, its agents and its respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and it and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are
in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in it being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) it or its
directors, officers, managers or employees or (ii) to the knowledge of it, any director, manager or agent of it that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, to
the extent such activity is prohibited by law; 

(v) 

(i) the Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, each Pledgorthe
Parent and the Contributor, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other; 

(ii) the Company has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments it holds and its other Collateral and each Pledgor has good and marketable title to its Collateral, in each case, free of any Liens (other than
Permitted Liens) and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming or purportedly naming it or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the
Collateral is on file in any recording office, except such as may have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection with the Contribution Agreement or which has
been terminated; 

- 70 - 

(w) it is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of
their respective Affiliates in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby; 

(x) there are no judgments
for Taxes with respect to it and no claim has been asserted in writing with respect to its Taxes, except to the extent that any such claim is being contested in compliance with clause (p) above; 

(y) upon the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first
priority and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Companys or the Parents, as applicable, Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance, free and clear of any adverse claim (other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability; 

(z) neither the Parent nor the SPV is ornot and will not be, either
after giving effect to the receipt of gross proceeds under this Agreement or after the application thereof as described herein, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended and the Parent has
elected to be treated as a business development company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(aa) the
Portfolio Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; 

(bb) no ERISA Event has
occurred; 

(cc) all proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Company only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part
of the proceeds of any Advance will be used by it to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof will
violate or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock; 

(dd) each of the Parent and the SPV complies and will comply in all material
respects with applicable asset coverage and other leverage limits as are applicable to the Parent or the SPV, as applicable, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its staff from time to time, after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted
to the Parent or to the SPV, as applicable, by the SEC or reliance upon any no-action letter of the
SEC; and 

(ee) the aggregate amount of the
Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Investors in as of the date hereof is $948,866,250. The aggregate amount of the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of the date hereof is $174,800,000. There are no Capital Call Notices outstanding except as
otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent. To its knowledge, no Investor is in default under the Pledgor Constituent Documents or its Subscription Agreement, in each case, to which it is a party, except as otherwise disclosed in writing
to Administrative Agent. The Pledgors are the sole legal and equitable owners of the Capital Contributions resulting from any Capital Call on the Unfunded Capital Commitments of the Investors, has the sole right to make Capital Calls on the
Investors for payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital Commitments and, prior to the date hereof, has satisfied all conditions to its rights to make a Capital Call, including any and all conditions contained in the Pledgor Constituent
Documents. 

- 71 - 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants. The Company (and (i) with respect to clauses (e), (g), (k), (o), (r), (bb), and (hh), and (mm), the Portfolio
Manager and (ii) with respect to clauses (b) (solely with respect to sub-clause (iv) thereof, solely the Parent), (d), (e), (f), (g), (i), (j),
(k), (l), (m) (solely with respect to the proviso therein, solely the Parent), (n), (o), (p) (solely the Parent), (r), (y) (solely the Parent), (aa), (ee), (hh) through (jj), (mm), (nn), (oo), (pp), (qq) (solely the Parent) and (rr)
(solely the SPV), each Pledgor:):

(a) shall at all times: (i) maintain at least one independent manager or director (who is in the business of serving as an independent
manager or director); (ii) maintain its own separate books and records and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons as a legal entity separate from any other Person; (iv) have a board of managers
separate from that of any other Person (provided, that members of the board of managers of the Company may serve on the board of the Parent or one or more Affiliates of the Company); (v) file its own Tax returns, except to the extent that the
Company is treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes and is not required to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law, and pay any Taxes so required to be paid under Applicable Law, except for those Taxes being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and in respect of which the Company has established proper reserves on its books in accordance with GAAP; (vi) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person; (vii) conduct its business in its own
name and comply with all organizational formalities to maintain its separate existence; (viii) maintain separate financial statements (except that the Company may be included in the consolidated financial statements of the Parent if (A) an
appropriate notation is made on such consolidated financial statements of the Parent to indicate the separateness of the Company from the Parent and to indicate that the Companys assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and
obligations of the Parent and (B) such assets are also listed on the Companys own separate balance sheet); (ix) pay its own liabilities only out of its own funds (except that the Parent or an Affiliate thereof may pay the expenses of
organizing the Company); (x) maintain an arms-length relationship with the Parent and each of its other Affiliates; (xi) not hold out its credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xii) allocate
fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space; (xiii) use separate stationery, invoices and checks; (xiv) except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, not pledge its
assets as security for the obligations of any other Person; (xv) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xvi) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose, transactions and
liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets (except that the Parent or an Affiliate thereof may pay the expenses of organizing the Company); (xvii) not acquire the obligations or any securities of its
Affiliates; (xviii) cause the managers, officers, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times with respect to the Company consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and
(xix) maintain at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution of the sole member or the withdrawal or the disassociation of the sole member from the Company, shall immediately become the member of the Company in accordance with its
organizational documents. 

(b) shall not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required or
permitted to be performed under the preceding clause (a) including, other than with respect to any warrants received in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of
any other Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not prohibit it from taking, or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment); (ii) fail to be Solvent;
(iii) release, sell, transfer, convey or assign any Portfolio Investment unless in accordance with the Loan Documents; (iv) except for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and properly reflected on the books and records of the Company and the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement, enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of it except on commercially reasonable terms similar to those
available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length transaction; (v) identify itself as a department or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any asset or property other than the Collateral and the related assets and incidental
personal property necessary for the ownership or operation of these assets. 

- 72- 

(c) shall take all actions consistent with and shall not take any action contrary to the
Assumptions of Fact section in the opinions of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, dated the Effective Date, relating to certain true contribution and non-consolidation matters; 

(d) shall not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan
Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iii) if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan or Revolving Loan and
(iv) any Indebtedness under the Parent Revolver; provided that, on or after the Transition Date, any Pledgor may incur Indebtedness not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement;;

(e) shall comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and
procedures designed to ensure compliance by it and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions; 

(f) shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which it is a party in any manner that would
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(g) shall not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of
this Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be
expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or
(C) take any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except
for Permitted Liens; 

(h) shall not enter into or be a party to, permit the Company to enter into or be a party to, without the prior
consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which consent may be withheld in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, any hedge agreement; provided, that prior to the Transition Date, the Parent may enter into and be a party to one or more hedge agreements with a total notional value of not greater than
$50,000,000;

(i) shall not change its name, identity or corporate
structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by it (or by the Collateral Agent on its behalf) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially misleading or change its jurisdiction of
organization, formation, registration or incorporation unless it shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least 10 days (or such shorter period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) prior
written notice thereof, and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and the
Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed); 

- 73 - 

(j) shall do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and
keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited liability company, limited partnership, exempted company or exempted limited partnership, or corporation, as applicable, and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises,
licenses and permits material to its business in the jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral; 

(k)
shall comply with (A) all Applicable Law (including without limitation Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (B) with respect to the performance of its respective obligations or the exercise of its respective rights, any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent
documents, including its limited partnership agreement, the Pledgor Constituent Documents or portfolio
management agreement, as applicable; 

(l) shall not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate
in whole or in part, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided, that from and after the Transition Date, any Pledgor
may merge or consolidate with any Person, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the extent such merger or consolidation would not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders rights hereunder or the
Collateral in any material respect or to result in the occurrence of an Event of Default;

(m) except for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not
form, or cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments (by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or
evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant to the other Loan Documents; provided that, at all times prior to the Transition Date, the Parent shall contribute and Deliver all Parent Originated Investments (other than (x) any
Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment and (y) following the effectiveness of the Parent Revolver, as otherwise consented to in writing by the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
delayed or conditioned) to the Company promptly (and, subject to any applicable requirements for such contributed Parent Originated Investments set forth therein (including any applicable exclusion and consent rights), in any event, the trade date
with respect to such Parent Originated Investment shall occur within three (3) Business Days) following the making or acquisition thereof;

(n) shall ensure that (i) its and each
Pledgorsthe Parents affairs are
conducted so that its and each
Pledgorsthe Parents underlying assets
do not constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules and (ii) neither it nor any Pledgorthe Parent sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to
contribute to, or has any direct liability with respect to, any Plan; 

(o) except for the security interest granted hereunder and
as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on its Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens), and it shall defend
the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under it (other than Permitted Liens); 

(p) 

(i) shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following financial statements, reports and information: 

- 74 - 

(i) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, a copy of the audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth
in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the
Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents annual report on Form 10-K, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (ii) as soon as
available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated and consolidating statements of income of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and
for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the
end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of
the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Parents quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (iii) as soon as available and in any event within
five (5) Business Days after the end of each calendar month (and on any date on which there is a Capital Call), a list of Unfunded Capital Commitments and
Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments with customary related reporting (including, without limitation, changes to the contact information for any Investor (if any) and a report detailing any Exclusion Events for any Investor) to be reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or confirmation that there has been no change in such information since delivery of the last report
thereof);fiscal quarter, details of each Portfolio Investment that is a PIK Portfolio Investment and
the quantum of interest payable under such PIK Portfolio Investments that is actually being paid in kind rather than in cash (with such update to be substantially in the form of Schedule 7 and which may be delivered via email), and (iv) from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request; and 

(ii) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) as soon as available, but no
later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i)(i) or 6.02(p)(i)(ii), a compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Company to be true and correct, (i) stating whether any Default
or Event of Default exists; (ii) stating that the Company is in compliance with the covenants set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent; (iii) stating that the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in all material
respects on and as of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date; and (iv) certifying that such
financial statements fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations of the Company on the dates and for the periods indicated, on the basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial
statements, to normally recurring year-end adjustments; 

- 75 - 

(q) shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become
delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon it or upon its income, profits or property; provided that it shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity
of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(r) subject to the requirements of Section 10.13, shall permit
representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and at the Company and/or the
applicable PledgorsCompanys expense,
as applicable, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral and (B) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of the
Portfolio Investments and other Collateral for the purpose of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments and other Collateral or such Persons performance under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents with any director, officer, employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect
to review of the Portfolio Investments and the other Collateral). The Company and each Pledgor agreeagrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other
assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with
itsthe
Companys or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, such visits and
inspections shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or
following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and only one (1) Business Day prior notice will be required before any inspection, which shall
occur during normal business hours; 

(s) shall not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for
any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X; 

(t) shall not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may
make Permitted Distributions, Portfolio Investment Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions subject to the other requirements of this Agreement; 

(u) shall not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or Investments constituting Eligible Investments
(measured at the time of acquisition), (B) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent or (C) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure,
restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof; 

(v) shall not request any Advance,
and that it shall not, directly or knowingly indirectly, use, and shall procure that its directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer,
payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in material violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the material violation of any
Sanctions applicable to any party hereto; 

- 76 - 

(w) other than pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, shall not transfer to any of its
Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased from or contributed by any of its Affiliates, other than (A) from and after the Transition Date, distributions to the Parent of any Portfolio Investments (each, a Portfolio InvestmentsInvestment Distribution) so long as (i) no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur immediately after giving effect to such distribution), (ii) no Market Value Event shall have occurred, (iii) no Market Value Trigger Event shall have occurred or would occur
therefrom, (iv) the Borrowing Base Test will be satisfied immediately after giving effect to such distribution, (v) the Company gives at least one (1) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator, (vi) not more than five (5) Portfolio Investment Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period, (vii) such distribution is not made during a MV Cure Extension Period or an
Extended Cure Period and (viii) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Portfolio Investment Distribution set forth
herein are satisfied or (B) sales to Affiliates that would otherwise be permitted under Section 1.04 (Asset Sales); 

(x) shall post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or
deliver via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment Obligor in respect of a Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting requirements set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
(i) any management discussion and analysis, (ii) any financial reporting packages (including all financial statements) and (iii) notifications of credit events, in each case provided by such Portfolio Investment Obligor with respect
to such Portfolio Investment Obligor and the applicable Portfolio Investment (including any attached or included information, statements and calculations) promptly (and in any event within five (5) Business Days) following the receipt thereof
by the Company or the Portfolio Manager; provided that, in the case of any credit event described in the foregoing clause (iii), the Company shall post on such website and deliver via email to the Administrative Agent notice of any such
material event promptly upon obtaining knowledge thereof. The Company shall cause the Portfolio Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio Investment or Portfolio
Investment Obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager), including participation in quarterly portfolio review calls with credit analysts of any Lender if requested by such Lender; 

(y) shall (i) with respect to the Company and the
Pledgor, not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company take any other action or actions that would
cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including transferring interests in the Company on or through an established securities market
or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code (and Treasury Regulations thereunder) and
(ii) with respect to the Parent, not elect to be classified as other than a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(z) shall only have direct partners or direct owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person
and shall not recognize the transfer of any direct interests in it that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S. Person; 

(aa) shall from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation
statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant more effectively all or any portion
of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof, perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by
this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral 

- 77 - 

Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the
Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its activities or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or
other papers that may be necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such
pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent or its designee to file a UCC financing statement listing all assets of the debtor (or substantially similar language) in the collateral description of such
financing statement; 

(bb) shall, upon the request of the Administrative Agent following the end of each fiscal quarter and the delivery
of the financial statements pursuant to Section 6.02(p) (and no more than once per quarter), participate in a conference call with Lenders arranged by the Administrative Agent to provide discussion and analysis with respect to the Portfolio
Investments and other Collateral at a time at which the Company and the Administrative Agent mutually agree; 

(cc) [reserved]; 

(dd) shall not hire any employees; 

(ee) shall not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts
(or, in the case of any Pledgor, any bank accounts or securities accounts into which any monies or sums paid or to be paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as
and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices) other than the Collateral Accounts; 

(ff) except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, shall not cancel or terminate any of the underlying instruments in respect of a Portfolio
Investment to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination other than by the terms of such Portfolio Investment of any of such agreements (in each case) without payment in full of such
Portfolio Investment or the applicable portion thereof so cancelled or terminated unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion; 

(gg) shall not make or incur any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with this
Agreement; 

(hh) shall not act on behalf of a Sanctioned person or in a Sanctioned Country in any manner that would result in a violation
of Sanctions by any party hereto or that could reasonably be expected to result in the designation of the Company or the Portfolio Manager as a Sanctioned Person, and none of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective
Subsidiaries, directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person. The Company does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any Sanctioned Person or
Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions; 

(ii) shall (i) notify the Administrative Agent of any proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change, or other modification to any Pledgor Constituent Document
prior to enacting such proposed amendment (and the Administrative Agent shall notify such Pledgor within five (5) Business Days of confirmed receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, whether the Administrative Agent, acting
reasonably, deems such proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change or other modification to be a material amendment adversely affecting the rights of the Secured Parties in the Collateral (a Constituent Document Material Amendment)), (ii) not
effect any Constituent Document Material Amendment without the consent of the Administrative Agent and (iii) notify the Administrative

- 78 - 

Agent promptly in writing (A) upon (and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after) the
execution of any Constituent Document Material Amendment and (B) by the next delivery of financial statements, the execution of any other amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change or other modification to any Pledgor Constituent Document,
and in each case, furnish to the Administrative Agent copies of all such executed documents and other documents executed or delivered in connection therewith;

(ii)
[reserved];

(jj) shall give notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy
to the Collateral Agent) promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after) the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) any Adverse Proceeding; 

(2) any Default (to the extent it obtains actual knowledge thereof) or Event of Default; 

(3) the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any material adverse claim asserted against any of the
Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral; 

(4) any change in the information provided in the
Beneficial Ownership Certification, if any, delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification;
and

(5) the Company or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge that a Portfolio Investment which constitutes an Eligible
Investment hereunder becomes an Ineligible Investment; and

(6) the Company or the Portfolio Manager
obtaining actual knowledge that an Exclusion Event has occurred with respect to any Investor; 

(kk) shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof are at all times
deposited in or credited to a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account except to the extent that any such proceeds are transferred to another Company Collateral Account in accordance with this Agreement or any such Portfolio Investment is sold in accordance with this
Agreement; and

(ll) shall ensure that the Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 10% of the Collateral Principal Amount at any time; provided that
any Unfunded Exposure Amount shall be cash collateralized or supported by Designated Unfunded Capital Commitment as required in accordance with Section 2.03(g);.

(mm) shall not issue any Capital Call Notice or otherwise
request, notify, or demand that any Investor make any Capital Contribution unless the Borrowing Base Test will be satisfied after giving effect to such Capital Contribution and uses of proceeds thereof and without delivering to the Administrative
Agent simultaneously with delivery of such Capital Call Notices, copies of the Capital Call Notice for each Investor from whom a Capital Contribution is being sought (or a copy of the form thereof); 

(nn) shall
ensure that, on any date of determination prior to the Transition Date, the Unfunded Capital Commitments are not less than 115% of the Financing Commitment;

- 79 - 

(oo) shall
not, except as set forth in any applicable Subscription Agreement or Side Letter provided to the Administrative Agent prior to the designation of any Investor as an Included Investor, (i) without the prior written consent of Administrative
Agent (which may be withheld in the reasonable discretion of Administrative Agent), cancel, suspend, reduce, excuse, reallocate, defer or abate the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor; and (ii) without the prior written approval of
Administrative Agent and the Lenders: (A) consent to any Investment Exclusion Event or (B) otherwise excuse any Investor from or permit any Investor to defer any Capital
Contribution;

(pp) shall ensure that (x) during the period from, and including, the Effective Date to, but excluding, the date that is six (6) months following the Effective
Date, at least 5% of the Capital Commitments are called pursuant to a Capital Call and remain called and (y) thereafter, at least 10% of the Capital Commitments are called pursuant to a Capital Call and remain called provided that in each case,
such requirement with respect to any Investor that becomes an Investor after the Effective Date shall apply only from and after the 60th day after the date such Investor becomes an Investor; 

(qq) prior to the Transition Date, shall assign
all Parent Originated Investments (except (x) any Revolving Loan or Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment and (y) following the effectiveness of the Parent Revolver, as otherwise consented to in writing by the
Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) to the Company; provided that after the Transition Date, any Asset Sales or Portfolio Investment Distributions shall be permitted, in each case
subject to the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6.02(w) above and:

(rr) shall remit any amount deposited into the SPVs
Pledgor Collateral Account to the applicable Parent Collateral Account within two (2) Business Days. 

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any notice or other
communication concerning any amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrument or rights thereunder (each, an Amendment) with respect to any Portfolio
Investment or any related Underlying Definitive Documents, or makes any affirmative determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, it will give prompt (and in any event, not later than three (3) Business
Days) notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem
appropriate under the circumstances; provided that any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification of the type specified in the definition of Material Amendment shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent
(and any such amendment supplement, waiver or other modification effected without such approval shall result in such Portfolio Investment being an Ineligible Investment); provided further that if an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, the Company will exercise all voting and other powers of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms
of the related Underlying Definitive Documents expressly prohibit or restrict any such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction is not violated). In
any such case, following the Companys receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative Agent copies of all executed amendments to Underlying Definitive Documents, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents
executed or delivered in connection with any Amendment. 

- 80 - 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01.
Events of Default. If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Company shall fail to
pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or
otherwise and, solely in the case of amount other than principal, such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business Day following such failure; 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, the Contributor or the PledgorsParent (collectively, the Credit Risk Parties) herein or in any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other document
(other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver
thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute a
failure) and if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such inaccuracy from the Administrative Agent and
(ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such inaccuracy; 

(c) (A) the Company shall fail to observe
or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii), (xi), (xiv) or (xix), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (w), or (hh), (mm) or (nn) or (B) any Credit Risk Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement
contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause
(B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of forty-five (45) days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative
Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such failure; 

(d) an involuntary proceeding shall be
commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization, administration or other relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or
foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, provisional liquidator or similar
official in any jurisdiction for any Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for forty-five (45) days or an order or decree approving or ordering
any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(e) any Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition
seeking liquidation, provisional liquidation, winding up, dissolution, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the
institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
conservator, liquidator, provisional liquidator or similar official for such Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such
proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing (or any of the foregoing is otherwise commenced or deemed to be commenced); 

- 81 - 

(f) any Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(g) the passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company or any Pledgorthe
Parent in respect of the liquidation, provisional liquidation, winding up or dissolution, in each case on a voluntary basis, of such Credit Risk Party; 

(h) any final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of
(i), with respect to the Company,
$1,000,000, (ii) with respect to the Parent, $25,000,000 and (iii) with respect to the SPV, $1,000,000, in each case (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect thereto), shall be rendered against any such Credit Risk Party, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period
of sixty (60) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired; 

(i) an ERISA Event occurs; 

(j) a Change of Control occurs; 

(k) the Company, any Pledgorthe Parent or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register
as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

(l) the Portfolio
Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as Portfolio Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, in each case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager is not prior thereto or concurrently therewith appointed (and has accepted such appointment) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; 

(m) a
Borrowing Basean LTV Default has occurred and is
not remedied within one (1) Business Day (which remedy may consist of delivery of a Capital Call Notice to Investors in an amount sufficient to cure such
Borrowing
BaseLTV Default); provided that, to the extent such remedy consists of delivery of a Capital Call notice to Investors, (x) the Parent and/or the SPV shall within such one
(1) Business Day (a) deliver to the Administrative Agent a Capital Call Confirmation Package reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) deliver such Capital Call Notice to Investors and (y) such Capital
Contributions are transferred to the MV Cure Account within ten (10) Business Days following the delivery of such Capital Call Notice); or 

(n) (i) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than
in the case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance with Section 2.03(f), (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan or
Revolving Loan (including the payment of any amount in connection with the sale thereof to the extent required under this Agreement) or (iii) failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with
Section 2.03(g); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake any action set forth in this clause (n)(i) or (n)(ii) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days; 

- 82 - 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or
(e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take either or both of the following
actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable
in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued
interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in
case of any event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees
and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS;
COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control. 

(a) Establishment and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the
Securities Intermediary does hereby establish each of the Collection Account, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts, the MV Cure Account, the Unfunded Exposure Account and the Securities Account (collectively, the Company Collateral Accounts). The Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain the Collateral
Accounts as a securities intermediary (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. In the event any Collateral Account is
re-characterized as a deposit account, the Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain such Collateral Account as a bank (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (in such capacity, the Bank), in the
name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement. The Securities Intermediary hereby certifies that it is a bank or trust company that in the ordinary course of business maintains securities accounts and deposit
accounts for others and in that capacity has established the Collateral Accounts. 

(b) Collateral Agent in Control of Collateral
Accounts. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (1) (x) the Securities Account shall be deemed to be a securities account (within the meaning of Section 8-501(a) of the UCC and (y) each other Collateral
Account shall be deemed to be a deposit account (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a) of the UCC), (2) all property credited to any Collateral Account shall be treated as a financial asset for purposes of Article 8 of the UCC
(provided that nothing herein shall require the Securities Intermediary to credit to any Collateral Account or to treat as a financial asset (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) any asset in the nature of a general intangible
(as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC) or to
maintain sufficient quantity thereof (within the meaning of Section 8-504 of the UCC) and (3) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Collateral Agent (acting at the written direction of the
Administrative Agent) will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each financial asset credited to each Company Collateral Account. Notwithstanding any term hereof or elsewhere to the contrary, it is hereby expressly acknowledged that (a) interests in bank loans or participations (collectively Loan
Assets
) that are not evidenced by, or accompanied by delivery of, a security (as that term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC) or an instrument (as that term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC) may be acquired and delivered by the Company to the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent from time to time and may

- 83 - 

be evidenced solely by delivery to the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent of a facsimile or other electronic form (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif,
tiff
,
jpeg
or
jpg
) of an assignment agreement (Loan Assignment Agreement) in favor of the Company as assignee, (b) any such Loan Assignment Agreement (and the registration of the related Loan Assets on the books and records of the applicable obligor or bank agent) shall be
registered in the name of the Company, and (c) any duty on the part of the Securities Intermediary with respect to such Loan Asset (including in respect of any duty it might otherwise have to maintain a sufficient quantity of such Loan Asset
for purposes Section 8-504 of the UCC) shall be limited to the exercise of reasonable care by the Securities Intermediary in the physical custody of any such Loan Assignment Agreement that may be delivered to it. Except as provided in
Section 8.01(h) below, the parties hereto agree that the Securities Intermediary shall act only on entitlement orders or other instructions with respect to the
Company Collateral Accounts originated by the Collateral Agent and no other Person (and without
further consent by any other Person) and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have exclusive control and the sole right of withdrawal over each Collateral Account except as otherwise provided in the applicable Account
Control Agreement. The only permitted withdrawals from the Collateral Accounts shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Each of the
Administrative Agent and each Lender covenants and agrees that it will not cause or direct the Collateral Agent to issue a Notice of Exclusive Control under the Account Control Agreement with respect to any Parent Collateral Account
unless and until an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred.

(c) Subordination of Lien, Etc. If the Securities Intermediary has or subsequently obtains by agreement, operation of law or otherwise
a security interest in any Collateral Account or any security entitlement credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary agrees that such security interest shall be subordinate to the security interest of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. The property credited to any Collateral Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent (except that the Securities Intermediary may
set-off (1) all amounts due to the Securities Intermediary in respect of its customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of the Collateral Accounts, and (2) the face amount of any payments received by check, wire
transfer, ACH or otherwise which have been credited to any Collateral Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds). 

(d) Property Registered, Indorsed, etc. to Securities Intermediary. All securities or other property represented by a certificated
security, promissory note or an instrument underlying any financial assets credited to the Securities Account shall be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary, indorsed to the Securities Intermediary in blank or credited to another
securities account maintained in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and in no case will any financial asset credited to any Collateral Account be registered in the name of the Company, payable to the order of the Company or specially indorsed
to the Company except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank. 

(e)
Jurisdiction; Governing Law of Collateral Accounts. The establishment and maintenance of each Collateral Account and all interests, duties and obligations related thereto shall be governed by the law of the State of New York and the
securities intermediarys jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) and the banks jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 9-304 of the UCC)
shall be the State of New York. As permitted by Article 4 of the Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the Hague Convention), the parties hereto agree that the
law of the State of New York shall govern each Securities Account and the issues specified in Article 2(1) of the Hague Convention. The provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be construed as an amendment to any other account
agreement governing any Securities Account. Terms used in this Section 8.01 without definition have the meanings given to them in the UCC. 

- 84 - 

(f) No Duties. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Securities
Intermediary and the Account Bank shall not have any additional duties under this Agreement other than those expressly set forth in this Section 8.01, and each of the Securities Intermediary and Account Bank shall satisfy those duties
expressly set forth in this Section 8.01 so long as it acts without gross negligence, fraud, reckless disregard or willful misconduct. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Securities Intermediary and Account Bank shall not be
subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, and the Securities Intermediary and Account Bank shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers. The Securities Intermediary and Account Bank shall be
subject to all of the rights, protections and immunities given to the Collateral Agent hereunder, including indemnities. In the event the Securities Intermediary or the Account Bank receives instructions from the Company or any Pledgor, as applicable, to effect a securities transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.1, the Company
or any Pledgor, as applicable, acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost,
it has the right to receive the notification from the Securities Intermediary or the Account Bank, as applicable, after the completion of such transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.4(a) or (b). The Company or any Pledgor, as applicable, agrees that, absent specific request, such notifications shall not be provided by
the Securities Intermediary or the Account Bank, as applicable, hereunder, and in lieu of such notifications, the Securities Intermediary or the Account Bank, as applicable, shall make available periodic account statements in the manner required by
this Agreement. 

(g) Ownership of Collateral Accounts; Tax Forms. For the avoidance of doubt, each Company Collateral Account (including income, if any, earned on the investments of funds in such Collateral
Account) will be owned by the Company (or, if the Company is a disregarded entity for U.S. tax purposes, the Parent) and each Pledgor Collateral Account will be
owned by the applicable Pledgor, in each case, for federal income tax purposes. The Company is required to provide to each of the Securities Intermediary and Account Bank (i) an IRS Form
W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 no later than the date of this Agreement, and (ii) any additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted IRS forms) or other documentation at such time or times required by Applicable Law or
upon the reasonable request of the Securities Intermediary or the Account Bank as may be necessary (x) to reduce or eliminate the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes and (y) to permit the such Person to fulfill its tax reporting
obligations under Applicable Law with respect to the Collateral Accounts or any amounts paid to the Company. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, reasonably promptly following
request, the Company shall timely provide to the Securities Intermediary and Account Bank accurately updated and complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. U.S. Bank National Association, both in its individual capacity and in its
capacity as the Securities Intermediary, shall have no liability to the Company or any other person in connection with any tax withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Applicable Law arising from the
Companys failure to timely provide an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 or an appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable, or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be
invested with respect to such Collateral Accounts absent the Securities Intermediary having first received the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph. The Bank of New York Mellon, both in its individual capacity and in its
capacity as Account Bank, shall have no liability to the Company or any other person in connection with any tax withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Collateral Accounts pursuant to Applicable Law arising from the Companys failure to
timely provide an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9 or an appropriate IRS Form W-8, as applicable, or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be invested with respect to such
Collateral Accounts absent the Securities Intermediary having first received the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph. 

- 85 - 

(h) Investment of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on
deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and reinvested) at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in Eligible Investments; provided that, following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market Value Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written direction of the
Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent. 

(i) Unfunded Exposure Account.

(i) Amounts may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account from time to time in accordance with Section 4.05. Amounts shall
also be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f) or Section 2.03(g). 

(ii)
While no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an
instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent and which instruction shall be deemed to constitute a certification that the aforementioned conditions have been satisfied),
the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (i) for the purpose of funding the Companys unfunded commitments with respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans and Revolving Loans, for deposit into the Collection Account and
(ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist after giving effect to the withdrawal. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the
written direction of the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator), the Securities Intermediary shall transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Collection Account
to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05. Upon the direction of the Company by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent),
any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of outstanding funding obligations of the Company shall be released to the Collection Account to prepay the outstanding Advances. 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery. 

(a) Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Companys obligations to
the Agents, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties) under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Secured
Obligations), (i) the Company hereby pledges to the Collateral Agent, and grants a continuing
security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent in, all of the Companys right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts, payment intangibles, general
intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights, investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a)(i)
being collectively referred to herein as the Company Collateral), including,
without limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Companys interests in the Company Collateral Accounts and all investments, obligations and other property from time to time credited thereto, (3) the Contribution Agreement, any other Loan Document and all rights related to each such
agreement, (4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof and (ii) each Pledgor grants, mortgages, charges, assigns by way of security and pledges, by way of security to the Collateral Agent, a continuing security interest in
favor of the Collateral Agent in all of such Pledgors right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) (1) all securities accounts or deposit accounts of such
Pledgor into which any monies or sums paid or to be paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as 

- 86 - 

and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices, (such accounts with respect to the
Parent, the Parent Collateral
Accounts, and collectively with any Collateral Account of the SPV, as set forth on the Transaction Schedule, the Pledgor Collateral Accounts) and all investments, obligations
and other property from time to time contained in or credited thereto, (2) the Capital Calls, Capital Commitments (including Unfunded Capital Commitments), and Capital Contributions of any Pledgor, including, without limitation, any rights to
make Capital Calls, receive payment of Capital Contributions and enforce the payment thereof pursuant to any Pledgor Constituent Document, and to enforce the payment thereof or any guarantees thereof now existing or hereafter arising, and
(3) all of such Pledgors rights, titles, interests, remedies, and privileges relating to the foregoing and all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and
products of any thereof, in each of the foregoing clauses (1) through (3), other than any amounts that are properly withdrawn from a Pledgor Collateral Account in compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents and not applied to pay the
obligations or any proceeds therefrom (all of the property described in this clause (a)(ii) being collectively referred to herein as Pledgor
Collateral and, together with the Company Collateral, the Collateral)..

(b) Delivery and Other Perfection. 

(i) In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Company and each Pledgor shall (1) Deliver to the Collateral Agent (or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable) the
Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company or any Pledgor, as applicable; (2) if
any of the securities, monies or other property pledged by the Company or any Pledgor hereunder are
received by the Company or any Pledgor, as applicable, forthwith take such action as is necessary to
ensure the Collateral Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Collateral Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative
Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Kirkland & Ellis LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as
to the perfection and priority of the Collateral Agents security interest in any of the Collateral. 

(ii) Each Pledgor shall require that Investors wire-transfer to the applicable Pledgor Collateral Account all monies or sums paid or to be paid by any Investors as Capital
Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices (provided, that any such amount deposited into the SPVs Pledgor Collateral Account shall be remitted to the Parents Pledgor Collateral Account
within one (1) Business Day). In addition, each Pledgor shall promptly deposit such sums received directly from any Investors as Capital Contributions into the applicable Pledgor Collateral Account according to the terms set forth in this
Section 8.02(b)(ii) (provided, that any such amount received by the SPV shall be remitted to the Parents Pledgor Collateral Account within one (1) Business Day);

(ii)
[Reserved];

(iii) (i) the Company shall not open any account without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in
its sole discretion and promptly providing an appropriate Account Control Agreement to the Administrative Agent relating thereto which shall in any event occur on or before such account has been opened, as are reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent and (ii) no Pledgor shall open any account into which monies and sums are paid pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(ii) without prior notification to the Administrative
Agent and promptly providing appropriate Account Control Agreements to the Administrative Agent relating thereto which shall in any event occur on or before such account has been opened, as are reasonably acceptable to the 

- 87 - 

Administrative Agent. In connection with any replacement of a Pledgor Collateral Account, the Administrative
Agent is hereby authorized to release the Lien on such replaced account upon the execution of Account Control Agreement relating to such replacement account (provided that no such Account Control Agreement shall be required for any replacement
account of the SPVs Pledgor Collateral Account). .

(c) Remedies, Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf)) do any of the following: 

(i) Exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available
to it (including, without limitation, the initiation of Capital Call Notices on the Investors; provided, that any Capital Call Notice issued to the Subject Person
and/or any other Investor of the SPV, in the aggregate, shall not be in an amount that is greater than the amount in the corresponding Capital Call Notice issued to the SPV), all the rights
and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice except as specified below, sell, subject to Section 1.04, the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more
parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent on their behalf)) may deem commercially reasonable. The Company agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar
days prior notice to the Company of the time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the
Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice,
be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned; 

(ii) Transfer all or any part of the Collateral into
the name of the Collateral Agent or a nominee thereof; 

(iii) Enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or
otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect thereto; 

(iv) Endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to allow collection of the Collateral; 

(v) Take control of any proceeds of the Collateral; 

(vi) Execute (in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments
of conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or 

(vii) Perform such other acts as may be
reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents rights and interest hereunder. 

- 88 - 

provided, that, following an Event of
Default (other than an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(a), (d), (e), (f) or (m))prior to the Collateral Agent exercising its right to deliver a Capital Call Notice to Investors in accordance with this
Section 8.02(c) (but without, for the
avoidance of doubt, limiting any other right or remedy of the Collateral Agent hereunder), the applicable Pledgor shall have an opportunity to deliver a Capital Call Notice to Investors in an amount sufficient to prepay the Secured Obligations in
full; provided that (i) within one (1) Business Day following notice from the Collateral Agent of the occurrence of such Event of Default, such Pledgor shall (x) deliver to the Administrative Agent a Capital Call Confirmation Package reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) deliver such Capital Call Notice to Investors (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) with instructions to wire-transfer the related Capital Contribution to the Parent Collateral Account and (ii) such
Capital Contributions are transferred to the Parent Collateral Account within ten (10) Business Days following the delivery of such Capital Call Notice).

(d) Compliance with Restrictions. The Company, each
Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are
hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law (including compliance with such procedures as may
restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are
purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official,
and the Company, each Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not,
in and of itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by
the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with any such limitation or restriction. 

(e)
Private Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company, each Pledgor and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any claims against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of
the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale. 

(f) Collateral Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company
and each Pledgor each hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as itsthe
Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company or any Pledgor by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the Company and/or any Pledgor and in the name of the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable, from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion (exercised at the
written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or
the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement in respect of Collateral or in connection with the enforcement of any of the Collateral Agents, Administrative Agents or Lenders
remedies hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such appointment as true and lawful attorney shall include any and all of the following powers with respect to all or any of the Collateral: (i)(A) to direct any party liable for any payment under any of the Collateral to make payment of any and all moneys
due or to become due thereunder directly to the Collateral Agent or as the Collateral Agent shall direct, including without limitation, to so direct any party
with respect to any Capital Commitments, (B) to ask or demand for, collect, receive and give acquittance for payment of and receipt for, any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due
or to become due at any time in respect of or arising out of any Collateral, 

- 89 - 

(C) to commence, compound and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the Collateral or any proceeds thereof and to
enforce any other right in respect of any Collateral, (D) to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable,
with respect to any Collateral, (E) to settle, compromise, compound, prosecute, defend or adjust any suit, action or proceeding (including, without limitation, with respect to Capital Commitments) and, in connection therewith, to give such
discharges or releases or to extend the time of payment of any or all thereof and to make any allowance or other adjustment with reference thereto as the Collateral Agent may deem appropriate, (F) to cause the Company and/or any Pledgor, as applicable, to intervene in any suit, action or proceeding with respect thereto and
(G) generally, to sell, charge, transfer, pledge and make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and completely as though the Collateral Agent were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and to
do, at the Collateral Agents option and the Company and/or any Pledgors expense, as applicable, at any time, or from time to time, all acts and things which the Collateral Agent deems necessary or
appropriate to protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral and the Secured Parties Liens thereon for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties and to effect the intent of this Agreement, all as fully and effectively as the Company
and/or any Pledgor might do, (ii) to make allowances or adjustments related to Capital Commitments and (iii) initiate one or more Capital Calls. The Company and each Pledgor hereby acknowledge, consent and agreehereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that the power of attorney
granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest. 

(g) Further
Assurances. The Company and each Pledgor covenant and
agreecovenants and agrees that, from time to time
upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent), the Company or such Pledgor, as applicable, will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of
this Agreement and to protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral;
provided that no such document may alter the rights and protections afforded to the Company, any Pledgor or the Portfolio Manager herein. 

(h) Termination. Upon the payment in full of all
Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company. Upon notice
of any such termination by the Company, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys direction and sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any
kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably
request to evidence such termination. 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01.
Appointment of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the
Agents) as its agent and authorizes such Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being understood and agreed that all
powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 

- 90 - 

Each financial institution serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and
powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any
kind of business with the Company as if it were not an Agent hereunder. 

None of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) none of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be
subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event, Market Value Trigger Event or failure of the Borrowing Base Test has occurred and is continuing, (b) none of the Agents,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except that the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to
include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent (A) in respect of the exercise of remedies under Section
8.02(c), the Required Lenders, or (B) in all other cases, the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as
provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, none of the Agents or the Collateral Administrator shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company
that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent (except, with respect to the Administrative Agent, insofar as provided to it as Agent hereunder) or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. None of
the Agents or the Collateral Administrator shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative Agent (in
the case of the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). None of the Collateral Agent, the
Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter (including, without limitation, any Default, Event of Default, Market Value Event, Market Value Trigger Event or failure of the
Borrowing Base Test) unless and until a Responsible Officer shall have received written notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent, which notice shall reference the Company and this Agreement. None of the Collateral Agent,
the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this
Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in connection herewith or other Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the
Collateral, or (v) with respect to an Agent, the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required by this Agreement to be delivered to it. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder if it reasonably believes it will not timely receive
reimbursement therefor hereunder. 

Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon
(including as to the truth and correctness of the statements and opinions expressed therein) any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction, opinion, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have
been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon 

- 91 - 

any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Any electronically signed document
delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary
may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company or the Portfolio Manager), independent accountants and other experts selected by it in good faith, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with
the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. The Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may rely upon instructions and information provided by (i) the Administrative Agent as if provided by the
Required Lenders directly and (ii) the Portfolio Manager as if provided by the Company directly. 

In the event the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, the instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. None of the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent shall have any duties or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a party, nor shall the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent be chargeable with knowledge of any of the terms of conditions of any such agreement. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act. 

It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that
none of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall not be under any duty to monitor or determine, the Market Value (or any other characteristic) of any Portfolio Investment,
compliance with the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limitations in any instance, to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance by any other Person with the
requirements of this Agreement or other Loan Document, including the conditions to any purchase, sale or disposition of a Portfolio Investment. 

Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers
by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. No Agent shall be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Agent with due care. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the
Securities Intermediary and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its
Affiliates (the Related Parties). The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and
any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent, Collateral
Agent, Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as the case may be. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a
successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to each other agent, the Lenders, the
Portfolio Manager and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the consent of
the Portfolio Manager. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable (each, a Retiring Agent), gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent may 

- 92 - 

(with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the consent of the Portfolio Manager), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor
which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment within
sixty (60) days after the Retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and
shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the Retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its
appointment as collateral administrator, the securities intermediary, administrative agent or collateral agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges
and duties of the Retiring Agent (including, if applicable, any rights, powers, privileges and duties under the Account Control Agreement), and the Retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the Retiring
Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent), with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager (which removal of the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary shall also be effective as removal under the Account Control Agreement). Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the
right (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person shall have been so
appointed by the Company and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice of removal by the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and/or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable (each, a
Removed Agent), then the Administrative Agent may (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred, the consent of the Portfolio Manager) appoint a successor which shall
be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may
be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Removed Agent, and the Removed Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the
Removed Agents removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such Removed Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or
omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

Upon the request of the Company or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such retiring or removed agent shall, upon payment of its
charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and
money held by such retiring or removed agent hereunder. Upon request of any such successor agent, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor
agent all such rights, powers and trusts. 

- 93 - 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any
association or corporation into which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or association resulting from any merger,
conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be a party, or any corporation or association succeeding to the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent, the
Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator hereunder (and, if applicable, under the Account Control Agreement) without the
execution or filing of any paper with any Person or any further act on the part of any Person. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has,
independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to
enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it
shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable
for special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be liable
for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent or the
Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any
certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it in connection with this Agreement. 

Each Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or
have any responsibility for filing or recording any financing, amendment or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder. 

In the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary may
conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any request, instruction, certificate, opinion or other document or electronic communication furnished to it, reasonably believed by it
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement but, in the case of a request, instruction, document or certificate which by any provision hereof is specifically
required to be furnished to it, such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, shall be under a duty to examine the same in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement to determine that it conforms to
the form required by such provision. 

- 94 - 

None of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be
responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment, the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator are entitled to rely conclusively on any instructions provided to them by the Administrative Agent. 

Before the
Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator acts or refrains from acting, it may require, and may conclusively rely on, a certificate (which may be constituted by written directions provided in accordance with this
Agreement) of an officer of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in
reliance on such certificate. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator may, from time to time, request that the parties hereto deliver a certificate (upon which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Agreement or any related document together with a specimen
signature of such authorized officers and the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to conclusively rely on the then current certificate until receipt of a superseding certificate. 

In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions,
including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering (Applicable Bank Law), the entity serving as Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or Collateral Administrator is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a
business relationship with such entity. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator upon its reasonable request from time to time such identifying
information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator to comply with Applicable Bank Law. 

The rights, protections and immunities given to the Agents in this Section 9.01 and in Section 9.02 shall likewise be
available and applicable to the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. 

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating
to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator. 

(a) Collateral Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from
time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein and the Administrative Agent
may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that with respect to actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall
not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Administrative Agent;
provided further that.in each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any such action in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation to comply with any such direction if it reasonably believes that the same
(1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be, issuing such instruction
make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same. 

- 95 - 

If, in performing its respective duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent or
Collateral Administrator, as applicable, is required to decide between alternative courses of action, such Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator shall request written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action
desired by it. The Collateral Agent or Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its respective duties hereunder. 

(b) Reasonable Care. The Collateral Agent is required to exercise reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any of the
Collateral in its possession; provided that (i) the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such action for that purpose as permitted by this
Agreement and (ii) the Collateral Agent shall have failed to exercise reasonable care if it fails to comply with any reasonable request of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement at any time provided such request is
accompanied by indemnity or other security reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of its costs or expenses, to the extent reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent will not be responsible for filing any
financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon. 

(c) Collateral Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or
reckless disregard of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than
for losses attributable to the Collateral Agents failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or
(2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment prior to its stated maturity. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the
obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral. 

(d) Certain Rights and
Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of
a sale or other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a
foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative
of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the
Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale. 

(e) Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the
Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager, in accordance with the
fee letter of the Collateral Agent dated on or about July 13, 2023, and accepted by the Company writing, subject to the Priority of Payments. The Company further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the
Collateral Administrator, or reimburse the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 

- 96 - 

expenses, including attorneys fees and the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its experts, agents, in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the
transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments. Any percentage-based fees payable to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator hereunder shall be calculated with respect to a period at
a per annum rate shall be computed on the basis of a 360 day year of twelve 30 day months and the actual number of days elapsed during the related Calculation Period and shall be based, if applicable, on the sum of the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Portfolio Investments plus Permitted Investments and cash in any Account in each case as of the first day of the related Calculation Period. Any such fees applicable to periods shorter than or longer than the Calculation
Period shall be prorated to the actual number of days within such period. 

(f) Execution by the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and
Collateral Administrator, respectively, hereunder and in no event shall they have any obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance or perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder. 

(g) Reports by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Collateral
Administrator and directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral Administrator and the Administrative Agent and to include daily position and cash flow
reporting. The Company and the Portfolio Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Administrator in connection with the reports and other matters described herein, including calculations relating to the reports contemplated herein or as otherwise
reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall supply in a timely fashion any determinations, designations, classifications or selections made by it
relating to a Portfolio Investment, including in connection with the acquisition or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the Collateral Administrator may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Portfolio
Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports required to be prepared by the Collateral Administrator hereunder or reasonably required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations hereunder. The Collateral Administrator
shall deliver a draft of each such report (other than the daily position reporting) to the Portfolio Manager and the Portfolio Manager shall have an opportunity to review, verify and approve the contents of the aforesaid reports. To the extent any
of the information in such reports conflicts with data or calculations in the records of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall notify the Collateral Administrator of such discrepancy and use reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral
Administrator in reconciling such discrepancy. Upon reasonable request by the Collateral Administrator, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) further agrees to provide to the Collateral Administrator from time to time during the term
of this Agreement, on a timely basis, any information relating to the Portfolio Investments and any proposed purchases, sales or other dispositions thereof as to enable the Collateral Administrator to perform its duties hereunder. 

(h) Neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have any obligation to determine or calculate the Borrowing Base, any Net Asset Value, the Unfunded Exposure Amount, the Unfunded Exposure Shortfall or any
Market Value and shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon such amounts as reported by the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable. The Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall be
entitled to conclusively rely upon information provided by the Administrative Agent with respect to the determination of all interest, fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable to the Lenders and the calculation of each Benchmark, Reference
Rate and any Base Rate or Benchmark Replacement (including a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment). 

- 97 - 

(i) Information Provided to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator.
Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither the Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative
Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of
this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the
performance or observance on the Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it,
or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the
Lenders. 

(a) Each Secured Party hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent notifies such
Secured Party that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as applicable) has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Secured Party from the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of their
Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Secured Party (whether or not known to such
Secured Party), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Secured Party shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as applicable)
the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such
Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as applicable), at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as
applicable) in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Secured Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as applicable) for the return of any Payments
received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as applicable) to any Secured Party under this Section 9.03
shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(b) Each Secured Party hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as applicable) (or any of their Affiliates) (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent (as applicable) (or any of their Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an
error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Secured Party agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Secured Party shall promptly notify the
Agents of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as applicable), it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent
(as applicable) the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was
received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (as applicable) at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the such Agent in accordance with banking
industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

- 98 - 

(c) The parties hereto hereby agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) are not recovered from any Secured Party that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Agents (as applicable) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Secured Party with respect to such amount and
(y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Company, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is,
comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (as applicable) from the Company or any Pledgor for the purpose of making a payment on the Secured Obligations. 

(d) Each partys
obligations under this Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent and or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, any Secured Party, the termination
of the Financing Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.04.
Notices.. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the
Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a
deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy
Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Company is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted
by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured
Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated
claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent
interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative
Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured Obligations which were
credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the
governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed,
directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or
vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.05 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative
Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests,
limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and
(v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire 

- 99 - 

Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured
Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Secured Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt
instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable
portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the
Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition
vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 

SECTION
9.05. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party
hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules) in connection with such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of, and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable, and the
conditions of such exemption are satisfied, with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement; 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this
Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and
(D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the
Financing Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in
writing between the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Company, provided that the Companys consent may not be unreasonably withheld. 

- 100 - 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is
true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of each Agent and their respective Affiliates,
and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, any Pledgorthe Parent or the Portfolio Manager, that none of the Agents, the
Securities Intermediary or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this
Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) Each Agent and the Securities Intermediary hereby
informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the
transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i)may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Financing Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii)may recognize a gain if
it extended the Advances or the Financing Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Financing Commitments by such Lender or (iii)may receive fees or other payments in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent
fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01.
Non-Petition; Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the
Required Lenders) hereby agrees not to commence, or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one
year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference period plus one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this
Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or the Company may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, winding-up,
liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps
to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise
take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this Section that was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company or, to the
limited extent as set forth in Section 5.03, the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the
Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood
that this Agreement is solely a corporate obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager hereunder) the Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability

- 101 - 

whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their
respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any
and all personal liability for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder,
partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.02. Notices. All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications
hereof, or requests, waivers or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the
addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule (or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to
have been duly given when (a) transmitted by facsimile, (b) personally delivered, (c) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (d) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other
electronic messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. 

The Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator
and the Securities Intermediary (each in their respective capacities) agree to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement or any other related transaction document sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or
other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that any Person providing such instructions or directions shall provide to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, an incumbency
certificate listing authorized officers designated to provide such instructions or directions, which incumbency certificate shall be amended whenever a person is added or deleted from the listing. If such person elects to give the Collateral Agent,
the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as
applicable, in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Collateral AgentsAgents, the Collateral AdministratorsAdministrators
or the Securities IntermediarysIntermediarys, as applicable, reasonable understanding of such
instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (each in their respective capacities) shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly
from their reliance upon and compliance with its reasonable understanding of such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Any person providing such instructions or
directions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, including without limitation the risk
of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable, acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. Any party providing such instructions acknowledges
and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to
it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 

SECTION 10.03. No
Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any
remedies provided by law. 

- 102 - 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff. 

(a) The Company shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related Parties, including the reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, and such other local counsel as required for the Agents, the Collateral Administrator and the
Securities Intermediary in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, any other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby shall be consummated) (including due diligence with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby) and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary and the Lenders, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and such other local
counsel as required for all of them, in connection herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with the
Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances. 

(b) The Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and their Related Parties
(each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims (whether brought by or involving the Company or any third party), damages, liabilities and related
expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Indemnitee and such other local counsel as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a
result of (1) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective obligations (including,
without limitation, any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any limitation included in any such representation or warranty relating to
materiality or causing a Material Adverse Effect)) or the exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights (including, without limitation, the approval or disapproval by the Administrative Agent of the acquisition of any
Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action or (4) any action taken in
connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal, interest and fees; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its officers, directors or
employees or (ii) with respect to the Lenders, to the extent arising from the failure of the Portfolio Investments to perform. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses,
claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any
Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising
out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided, that nothing
contained in this sentence shall limit the
CompanysCompanys
indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages are included in a third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

- 103 - 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of
its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other
obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of
whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of
setoff) which such Lender may have. 

(e) This Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the repayment of
all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder and, if applicable, the earlier resignation or removal of any Indemnitee. 

SECTION
10.05. Amendments. Subject to Section 3.01(h)(ii), no amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission or
electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Required Lenders, the Company, the
PledgorsParent and the Portfolio Manager; provided, however, that any amendment to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment is necessary to effectuate
the purposes of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and which would not result in an increase or decrease in the rights, duties or
liabilities of the Portfolio Manager, any
Pledgorthe Parent or the Company shall not be
required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager, any
Pledgorthe Parent or the Company; provided
further that the Administrative Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; provided further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; provided further that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each
Lender affected thereby; provided further that (i) the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or
inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), so long as such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior
written notice (which may be by electronic mail) thereof (a copy of which notice shall be provided to the Collateral Agent) and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a
written notice (which may be by electronic mail) from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (ii) the Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Required Lenders), in its sole and absolute
discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in this Agreement and may grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted
assignment 

- 104 - 

or transfer by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and, except to the extent of any delegation pursuant to Section 5.01, the Portfolio Manager may not assign or
otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied,
shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b)
Subject to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to
it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Administrative Agent and the Company; provided that (1) no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Financing
Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment and (2) no consent of the Company shall be required, but reasonable notice to the Company shall be given, for an
assignment to an assignee that is a bank or insurance company; provided, further, that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to any Person following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or
following the occurrence of a Market Value Event. 

Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) each
partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (B) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative
Agent an assignment and assumption agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof below, from and after the effective date specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and
obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an
assignment and assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 5.03 and
10.04). 

The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices
a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the
terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Lender and the Portfolio Manager, at any reasonable time and from time
to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption and record the information
contained therein in the Register. 

(c) Any Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or insurance companies or other entities
(a Lender Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances owing to it); provided that (1) such
Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the Company, the Agents and the other
Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide
that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not,
without the consent of the Lender Participant, agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant. 

- 105 - 

(d) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent
of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest in the Advances or other obligations under this
Agreement (the Participant Register); provided that, no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant or any information
relating to a Lender Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment,
loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or any successor provision. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error,
and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01(e) and
3.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the
participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of
Section 3.01(f) relating to replacement of Lenders as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01(e) and
3.03, with respect to any participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the
Lender Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders
provisions set forth in Section 3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant. 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to
Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State
of New York. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively,
Proceedings) shall be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto
irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive (or, in the case of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in its capacities as the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, non-exclusive) jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any
such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this
Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place where such party or any of its assets may be found or located, nor
will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 

- 106 - 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON
BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Advance, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum
Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all Charges
payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section
10.08 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the
Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act. Each
Lender, Agent and the Securities Intermediary that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain,
verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender, Agent or the Securities Intermediary to identify the Company in accordance
with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by email or facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words delivery, execution, execute,
signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce
Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. By executing this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree, and direct the Collateral
Agent, Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary to acknowledge and agree and the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary do hereby acknowledge and agree, that execution of this Agreement, any
instruction, order, direction, notice, form or other document executed by any party to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents in connection with this Agreement or such other Loan Documents, by electronic signatures (whether by Adobe Sign,
DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by such party and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein and such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized
officer shall be considered 

- 107 - 

signed or executed by such officer on such partyspartys behalf. The parties hereto also hereby acknowledge and
agree that the Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely
on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 

SECTION 10.11. Headings. Article and Section
headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any
Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down
and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a)
the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. 

As used herein: 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA
Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or
failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

- 108 - 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in
any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with
respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD
Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution
or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as
if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality. Each Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Lender agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of the Information except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent such
Information is disclosed to such persons on a need to know basis (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such
Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority); provided, that such regulatory authority and self-regulatory authority shall have jurisdiction over such Person,
(iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in which case such Person agrees to inform the Company to the extent permitted by law, (iv) to any other party to this Agreement,
(v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, the sale of any Portfolio Investment following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or any suit, action or 

- 109 - 

proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the
same as those of this Section 10.13, to (x) any assignee of or Lender Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Lender Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than any assignee to whom the
Company has declined consent to the assignment thereto (to the extent such consent is otherwise required)), or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Company and its
obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company, (viii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party or its Affiliates or
(B) becomes available to any Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under this Agreement or
any Account Control Agreement. For purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so
if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

[remainder of page intentionally blank] 

- 110 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective authorized directors or officers as of the day and year first above written. 

26N DL FUNDING 1 LLC, as Company

By 

Name: 

Title: 

26NORTH BDC, INC., as Parent and Pledgor

By 

Name: 

Title: 

26N DL SPV LLC, as a Pledgor

By 

Name: 

Title: 

26NORTH DIRECT LENDING LP, as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By 

Name: 

Title: 

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d816495dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

February 7,
2025 

among 

26North BDC,
Inc., as Borrower 

The Lenders Party Hereto 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Administrative Agent 

and 

26North Direct Lending LP, 

as
Portfolio Manager 

Table of Contents 

ARTICLE I MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 1.01. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 27 

SECTION 1.02. Currency Equivalents Generally 27 

ARTICLE II THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 28 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 28 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 28 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date 29 

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 30 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option 31 

ARTICLE III ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 32 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved] 38 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 38 

ARTICLE IV COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. [Reserved] 41 

SECTION 4.02. [Reserved] 41 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 41 

SECTION 4.04. [Reserved] 42 

SECTION 4.05. [Reserved] 42 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 42 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 43 

ARTICLE V [RESERVED] 

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 44 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants 47 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 54 

ARTICLE VIII COLLATERAL ACCOUNT; COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Account; Agreement as to Control 56 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 56 

ARTICLE IX THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent 60 

- i - 

SECTION 9.02. [Reserved] 63 

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the Lenders 63 

SECTION 9.04. Notices 64 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters 65 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 66 

SECTION 10.02. Notices 67 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 67 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 67 

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 69 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 69 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc. 71 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 71 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 71 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 72 

SECTION 10.11. Headings 72 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 72 

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality 73 

- ii - 

Schedules 

Schedule 1.01(A) Borrower Information

Schedule 1.01(B) Transaction Schedule

Exhibits 

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Base Certificate

- iii - 

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of February 7, 2025 (this
Agreement) among 26NORTH BDC, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower); 26NORTH DIRECT LENDING LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto and
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

On and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (JPMCB), each other
lender party hereto from time to time and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns (collectively, the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the Borrower (Advances) hereunder to the extent
specified on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1.01(B) hereto (the Transaction Schedule). 

Accordingly, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Certain Defined Terms 

Account Control Agreement means, for the Collateral Account, a deposit account control agreement in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent executed by (i) the Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and (iii) the financial institution maintaining such account. 

Adjusted Applicable Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule with
respect to the applicable currency plus 2% per annum. 

Adjusted Term CORRA means a per annum rate equal to Term CORRA
plus the Term CORRA Adjustment; provided, further, that, in the event that the Adjusted Term CORRA is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Advance Rate means 50%. 

Advances has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Adverse Proceeding means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental
investigation or arbitration (whether or not purportedly on behalf of the Borrower) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active or, to the Borrowers or the Portfolio Managers knowledge,
threatened against or affecting the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager or their respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with, such former Person but, which shall not, with respect to the Borrower, include the obligors under any portfolio investment of the Borrower. For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or
indirect, (i) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract
or otherwise. 

Affiliate Investor means any Investor that is an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager. 

Agreed Currency means U.S. Dollars and each Permitted Non-USD Currency. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Alternative Investment Vehicle means an alternative investment vehicle,
parallel fund and/or feeder fund, collective investment vehicle, real estate investment trust, group trust or other investment vehicle created in accordance with the Borrower Constituent Documents. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower from time to
time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Law means, for any Person, all existing and future
laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to such Person (including
the Investment Company Act) and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative, judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction. 

Applicable Margin means, as of any date, the applicable margin for Advances as set forth on the Transaction Schedule for
such date. 

Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap means, as of any date, (a) with respect to any Advances denominated in
EUR, 30%, (b) with respect to any Advances denominated in CAD, 20%, (c) with respect to any Advances denominated in GBP, 10% and (d) with respect to any Advances denominated in CHF, 5%. 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Financing Commitments represented by
such Lenders Financing Commitment. If the Financing Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Financing Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments at the
time of determination. 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current
Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for
determining the length of a Calculation Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (vi) of Section 3.01(h). 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect,
or any successor statute. 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a
voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its
business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any
order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental
Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets
or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

- 2 - 

Base Rate means, for any day, with respect to (i) Advances
denominated in U.S., Dollars, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Calculation Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately
preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication
time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology), (ii) Advances denominated in CAD, the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) with respect to Advances denominated
in GBP, EUR or CHF, the applicable Reference Bank Base Rate. Any change in the applicable Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Reference Bank Base Rate,
respectively, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.01(h) (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement
has been determined pursuant to Section 3.01(h)), then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. In the event that the applicable Base Rate is
below zero at any time during the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero until it exceeds zero again. 

Base Rate
Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the applicable Base Rate. 

Benchmark means, initially, the applicable Reference Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such applicable Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent
that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (ii) or clause (iii) of Section 3.01(h). 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be
determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set
forth in (2) below: 

(1) in the case of any Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars, the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and
(b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2) otherwise, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been
selected by Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the
mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated or bilateral
credit facilities denominated in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark
Replacement will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

- 3 - 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement
of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or
recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable
Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated or bilateral credit facilities denominated in the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark
Advance, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Daily Simple SOFR, the definition of U.S.
Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Calculation Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of Request for Advances or
prepayment or conversion notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent
decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of
Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or
such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving
rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination
and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to
all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

- 4 - 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the
occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of
information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan
Document in accordance with Section 3.01(h) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section
3.01(h). 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Borrower has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Borrower Constituent Documents means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Borrower, adopted September 6, 2023, the
Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Borrower, dated as of September 6, 2023, any Subscription Agreement, Side Letter, or other equivalent governing document in the applicable jurisdiction of the Borrower, as the same may be further
amended, restated, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof. 

- 5 - 

Borrower Revolver means that certain revolving credit facility of the
Borrower, which may be unsecured or secured by all of any portion of the Borrowers assets other than any Collateral, to be entered into by the Borrower on or after the Effective Date with the Administrative Agents prior written consent,
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned; it being understood and agreed that the Borrower Revolver shall not interfere with the Administrative Agents security interest in any of the Collateral, including, without
limitation, any Unfunded Capital Commitments. 

Borrower Status has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(z). 

Borrowing Base means on any date of determination, the product of (i) the Advance
Rate and (ii) Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of such date. 

Borrowing Base Certificate means a
certificate in the form of Exhibit B. 

Borrowing Base Cure means, on any date of determination, the prepayment by the
Borrower of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) during the Borrowing Base Cure Period and in an amount such that immediately after giving effect to such prepayment and the application of
proceeds thereof, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied. 

Borrowing Base Cure Failure means the failure by the Borrower
to effect a Borrowing Base Cure as set forth in the definition of such term. 

Borrowing Base Cure Period means the
period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative Agent (which, if received after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next
succeeding Business Day) of the occurrence of a failure of the Borrowing Base Test and ending at the close of business in New York two (2) Business Days thereafter; provided, that in the event the Borrower delivers a Capital Call
Confirmation Package reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within such two (2) Business Day period, then the Borrowing Base Cure Period shall solely to the extent of the requested capital contribution under such Capital Call
Confirmation Package be extended to the close of business in New York ten (10) Business Days following the conclusion of such two (2) Business Day period (the Extended Cure Period); provided, further, that
(a) if the Borrower becomes aware that any portion of the requested capital contribution under such Capital Call Confirmation Package will not be timely made within such Extended Cure Period, then the Borrowing Base Cure Period shall end on the
earlier of (i) two (2) Business Days following the date the Borrower becomes so aware and (ii) the conclusion of the Extended Cure Period and (b) a Capital Call Confirmation Package may be delivered no more than one time in any
ten (10) Business Day period. 

Borrowing Base Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of
determination if aggregate principal amount of outstanding Advances is less than or equal to the Borrowing Base, as calculated by the Administrative Agent. 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in each of New York City
and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Administrative Agent is located; provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be, (i) in relation to Term Benchmark Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars and any
interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term Benchmark Advances or any other dealings of such Term Benchmark Advances, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, (ii) in
relation 

- 6 - 

to Advances denominated in GBP, Business Day shall mean any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, England and the city in which the
corporate trust office of the Administrative Agent is located, (iii) in relation to Advances denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR Rate, Business Day shall mean any day which is a TARGET
Day and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the corporate trust office of the Administrative Agent is located (iv) in relation to Advances denominated in CAD, Business Day shall mean any day (other than a
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Toronto, Canada and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Administrative Agent is located and (v) in relation to any RFR Advances and any interest rate settings,
fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Advance, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Advance, Business Day shall mean any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and on which
banks are open for business in the city in which the corporate trust office of the Administrative Agent is located. 

CAD means Canadian dollars. 

Calculation Period means, with respect to any Advance, the quarterly period from and including the date on which such
Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding
Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including the related Calculation Period
Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date). 

Calculation Period Start Date means the first calendar day of
February, May, August and November of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in February, 2025. 

Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the
rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate published by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided by such service, as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day and (ii) the Adjusted Term CORRA for thirty (30) days, plus 1% per annum; provided that if any of the above rates shall be less than
zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the
PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA, respectively. 

Capital Call means a call by the Borrower upon all or any Investors for
payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital Commitments. 

Capital Call Confirmation Package means, with
respect to the occurrence of any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01 (a), (d), (e), (f), (o), (p) or (q)) the following documents, agreements and notices: 

(i) [reserved]; 

(ii) a written
notice from the Borrower (A) containing representations and covenants by the Borrower that (1) it has called capital or directed the fund administrator to call capital, as applicable, from its Investors in the aggregate amount specified
therein, to be funded no later than the tenth Business Day following delivery of such Capital Call; (2) the Borrower will, as soon as practicable thereafter, but no later than the conclusion of such tenth Business Day, fund directly into the
Collateral Account the amount 

- 7 - 

of such capital contribution and (3) such Capital Calls have been made in compliance with the Borrower Constituent Documents (including that each such Investor has Unfunded Capital
Commitments at least equal to the amount of Capital Call made on such Investor, which are available for the purpose contemplated hereby); (B) containing covenants by the Borrower (i) not to rescind or modify such Capital Calls,
(ii) not to permit any lien on such Capital Calls or the proceeds thereof other than Liens under the Loan Documents and Permitted Liens set forth in clause (e) in the definition thereof, (iii) not to use the proceeds of such Capital
Calls for any purpose other than being deposited into the Collateral Account in accordance herewith, (iv) to direct payment of proceeds of such Capital Calls to an account designated by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default under clauses (d) or (e) of Article VII hereof (so long as such direction of payment does not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code) and (v) to immediately inform the Administrative Agent if the Borrower has received written notice that the relevant Capital Commitments will not be timely satisfied and (C) attaching a copy of a
representative Capital Call Notice issued to an Investor and containing the aggregate amount of capital called from all Investors; and 

(iii) a copy of the most recent financial statements for the Borrower, together with a representation from a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower that such financial statements fairly present, in accordance with GAAP, the financial condition (as of the date thereof) of the Borrower. 

Capital Call Notice means any Drawdown Notice (or substantially similar term) as defined in the Borrower
Constituent Documents, or any other notice sent to an Investor for the purpose of making a Capital Call. 

Capital
Commitment means the capital commitment of the Investors to the Borrower in the amount set forth in the Borrower Constituent Documents or the applicable Subscription Agreement, including, for the avoidance of doubt, Capital
Commitment, as such term is defined in the Borrower Constituent Documents. 

Capital Contribution means, in
respect of any Investor, any capital contribution or other funding made by such Investor in a Borrower in response to a Capital Call. 

Capital Event has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(pp).

Cash Equivalents means, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and
unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal by the United States government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case
maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year
after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months from the date of
creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing within
three months after such date and issued or accepted by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that (a) is at least adequately
capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (b) has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than $1,000,000,000; (v) shares of any money market mutual fund that
(a) has substantially all of its assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than $5,000,000,000, and (c) at the time of acquisition
thereof, has the highest rating obtainable from either S&P or Moodys; and (vi) such other similar instruments to the extent Permitted Non-USD Currencies are invested therein. 

- 8 - 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of
any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any
Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives
concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or (ii) in connection with the
implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed to have occurred after the date of this
Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Change of
Control means an event or series of events by which (A) the Portfolio Manager or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Borrower and not be replaced by an entity satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion or (B) the Subject Person shall cease to be involved in the business of managing the Portfolio Manager in the same or substantially similar capacity as he is as of the Effective Date. 

Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

CHF means Swiss Francs. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Collateral Account means the account(s) set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts. 

Commitment Fee Rate means 0.50% per annum; provided that, at any time that the aggregate outstanding amount of
the Advances is greater than or equal to the Minimum Funding Amount, the Commitment Fee Rate shall be 0.30% per annum. 

Concentration Limitation has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

- 9 - 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on
or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated Leverage
Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (a) the aggregate principal amount outstanding under any Indebtedness plus the aggregate obligations under hedge agreements permitted under
Section 6.02(h), in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of such date to (b) the Net Asset Value of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as reflected in the financial statements
and certificates most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement (whether on the Effective Date or under Section 6.02(p)). 

Constituent Document Material Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02(jj). 

Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor
administrator). 

Credit Risk Party has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Credit Sponsor means with respect to any HNW Investor, any Person who owns and controls, directly or indirectly, all of the
Equity Interests of such HNW Investor as of the date such HNW Investor becomes an Investor. 

Daily Simple RFR means,
for any day (an RFR Interest Day), (1) with respect to any Advance denominated in GBP, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day that is five Business Days prior to (i) if such RFR
Interest Day is a Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (b) 0%. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in the
applicable RFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the RFR without notice to the Borrower and (2) with respect to any Advance denominated in CHF, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of
(a) SARON for the day that is five RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding
such RFR Interest Day and (b) 0%. 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a
rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is
not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any
change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple SOFR Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Daily Simple SOFR.

Default means any event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

- 10 - 

Deliver (and its correlative forms) means the taking of the following
steps by the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager: 

(1) in the case of money, by causing such money to be deposited in the
Collateral Account and by causing the financial institution maintaining such account to continuously identify on its books and records the security interest of the Administrative Agent in such account and, except as may be expressly provided herein
to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Agreement or an Account Control Agreement, if applicable; 

(2) in all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Maryland
State Department of Assessments and Taxation; and 

(3) in all cases by otherwise ensuring that all steps, if any, required
under applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, shall have been
taken, and that such Lien shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession or control. 

Dollar
Equivalent means, with respect to any amount denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the amount of U.S. Dollars that would be required to purchase such amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency using the reciprocal foreign exchange
rates obtained as described in the definition of the term Spot Rate. 

Effective Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.04. 

Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments means the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Included
Investors; provided that the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor shall not exceed such amount as of the Effective Date without the Administrative Agents consent in its sole discretion; provided further that for the
purposes of calculating such Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments, in no event shall the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment attributable to any Investor as of any date of determination exceed the Concentration Limitation with respect to such
Investor. 

EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of changeover to
or operation of a single or unified European currency. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all
(a) shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (howsoever designated) of capital stock and other equity interests of such Person, including without limitation stockholder interest, general partnership interests, limited partnership
interests or membership interests, whether common or preferred and whether voting or non-voting and (b) rights (other than debt securities convertible into capital stock or other equity interests), warrants or options to acquire any of the
foregoing. 

ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control or treated as a single
employer with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code). 

- 11 - 

ERISA Event means that (1) the underlying assets of the Borrower are
deemed to constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules, (2) the Borrower sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has any direct liability with respect to any Plan or (3) except
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute to or has any material liability with respect to any Plan. 

ERISA Investor means any Investor that is a benefit plan investor within the meaning of Section 3(42) of
ERISA. 

EUR and mean the lawful currency of each state so described in any EMU Legislation
introduced in accordance with EMU Legislation. 

EURIBOR Rate means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance
in Euros, the Euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for a three-month period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or
republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time
to time in place of Thomson Reuters (the EURIBOR Screen Rate). If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the
Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if the EURIBOR Rate as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero, the EURIBOR Rate will be deemed to be zero for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero
again. 

EURIBOR Screen Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of EURIBOR Rate. 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under
the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in
the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Financing Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were
payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured Partys failure to comply with
Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Exclusion Event means the
occurrence, with respect to any Investor, of any of the following events: 

(a) such Investor shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event or
become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(b) such Investor shall repudiate,
challenge, or declare unenforceable its obligation to make contributions to the capital of the Borrower pursuant to its Capital Commitment or a Capital Call or its obligation to make contributions to the capital of the Borrower pursuant to its
Capital Commitment or a Capital Call under any of such documents shall be or become unenforceable; 

- 12 - 

(c) such Investor shall fail to make a Capital Contribution to the Borrower within ten
(10) Business Days of when due in accordance with such Capital Call, unless the Administrative Agent elects in writing, in its sole discretion, to waive any such failure; 

(d) to the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer of the Borrower after due inquiry, the occurrence of any circumstance or event which
could reasonably be expected to impair, impede, or jeopardize the obligation and the liability of such Investor to fund Capital Contributions; 

(e) such Investor amends its Subscription Agreement or Side Letter in any way that Administrative Agent determines would materially impair the
rights of the Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral or the occurrence of any event which, under the terms of such Investors Side Letter, cancels, terminates or abates its Unfunded Capital Commitment or any obligations to fund a
Capital Contribution; 

(f) such Investor is excused or excluded from making a Capital Contribution or funding amounts due under a Capital
Call; 

(g) such Investor is a Sanctioned Person; 

(h) actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower after due inquiry of any final judgment or decree which in the aggregate exceeds
twenty (20%) of the net worth of such Investor shall be rendered against such Investor which is not satisfied, discharged, stayed and fully bonded over, in each case, within thirty (30) days; 

(i) a material breach or default shall occur in the performance by such Investor of any representation, warranty, covenants or other material
agreements (other than a failure to make a capital contribution described in clause (d) above) contained in the Borrower Constituent Document, and if such breach is susceptible of cure, and such Investor is diligently prosecuting such cure,
only if such breach continues for more than ten (10) days after the Borrower obtaining actual knowledge of such breach; 

(j) except
as consented to by the Administrative Agent, such Investor shall assign, convey, exchange, sell, set-off, transfer or otherwise dispose of (each a Transfer) its stockholder interests in the Borrower and/or Capital Commitment, or
be released from its obligation under the Borrower Constituent Document to make contributions pursuant to a Capital Call with respect to such stockholder interests and/or Capital Commitment, provided that only such Transferred or released
stockholder interests and/or Capital Commitment shall be excluded from the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment if less than all of such Investors stockholder interests and/or Capital Commitment are Transferred or released, provided, further,
that if (a) such Transfer is made to another Included Investor, (b) after giving effect to such Transfer, all Concentration Limitations shall remain satisfied and (c) no Exclusion Event with respect to such Investor shall have
occurred, the portion so Transferred shall continue to be included in the calculation of Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment; 

(k) such
Investor has, to the knowledge of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, failed to fund all or any portion of a capital contribution when required pursuant to the terms of any portfolio documents with respect to the fund investment or similar
investment managed by the Portfolio Manager or any of its Affiliates (including in connection with any capital call facility, subscription line or similar credit facility secured by capital commitments of such Investor with any borrower), subject to
any applicable notice or cure periods; 

- 13 - 

(l) for any HNW Investor, the Credit Sponsor with respect to such HNW Investor ceases to own
and control, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity Interests of such HNW Investor; 

(m) with respect to any Pension Plan Investor or
Government Pension Plan Investor, such Pension Plan Investor or a Government Pension Plan Investor fails to maintain Funding Ratio of 80%; 

(n) such Investor fails to maintain a net worth (determined in accordance with GAAP) measured at the end of each fiscal year of such Investor,
of at least 75% of the net worth of such Investor as of the date such Investor became a stockholder in the Borrower as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent has provided written notice to the Borrower
(i) stating that such event constitutes an Exclusion Event for purposes of this Agreement and (ii) explicitly electing to exclude such Investor because of the occurrence of such event), unless such circumstance is waived by the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 

(o) for any Investors with a Rating, (A) such Investor ceases to have a Rating, or
(B) such Rating is (x) at any time less than the greatest of BBB- (with S&P), Baa3 (with Moodys) and BBB- (with Fitch) and (y) a Rating that is two or more rating levels lower than the Rating of such Investor as of the
Effective Date; 

(p) with respect to any Investor for which the Administrative Agent, as of the Inclusion Date, has access to publicly
disclosed financial statements, the Administrative Agent ceases to have such access, unless the Administrative Agent elects in writing, it its sole discretion, to waive such access (for the avoidance of doubt, as of the Effective Date, Investors
with publicly disclosed financial statements to which the Administrative Agent has access are exclusively those listed opposite the heading Effective Date Publicly Disclosing Investors in the Transaction Schedule); 

(q) such Investor shall encumber or pledge any of its membership or stockholder interest, as applicable, in the Borrower and the related lien
holder shall commence the exercise of remedies with respect to such membership or stockholder interests; provided that only such encumbered or pledged membership or stockholder interest shall be excluded from the Borrowing Base if less than
all of such Investors membership or stockholder interest are encumbered or pledged; 

(r) such Investors Unfunded Capital
Commitment ceases to be subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(s) [reserved]; 

(t) in
connection with any Advance, the Borrower has knowledge that such Investor has requested in writing to be excused or excluded from funding a Capital Call or making a Capital Contribution with respect to the investment being acquired or otherwise
funded with the proceeds of such Advance; provided that only the portion of such Investors Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment which would otherwise be contributed to fund such investment or repay the related Advance shall be excluded
from the calculation of the Borrowing Base; 

(u) the occurrence of an event or circumstance occurs which would allow such Investor to
assert or claim any withdrawal and/or cease-funding right pursuant to any provision of any Borrower Constituent Document relating to placement agent fees, or such Investor shall assert or claim, or inform the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager of its
intention to assert or claim, any withdrawal and/or cease-funding right pursuant to any provision of any Borrower Constituent Document relating to placement agent fees; and 

- 14 - 

(v) in the case of all ERISA Investors, the underlying assets of the Borrower constitute
plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules. 

Extended Cure Period has the meaning set forth in
the definition of Borrowing Base Cure Period. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the
date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental agreements
entered into thereunder or any similar or related non-U.S. law that correspond to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or
convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant to such
intergovernmental agreement or analogous provisions of non-U.S. law. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day,
the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of the Effective Date, between the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent. 

Financing Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to
the Borrower hereunder in an amount up to but not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule or in the assignment and assumption agreement pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this
Agreement, in each case, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Financing Commitment Increase Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion)
approves in writing (which may be by email) a Financing Commitment Increase Option Request. 

Financing Commitment Increase Option
Request means, on any date the request of the Borrower in writing (which may be by email) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06; provided that the
Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall determine the proposed effective date of any such increase in the Financing Commitments, which may be as early as ten (10) Business Days after delivery of a Financing Commitment
Increase Option Request (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion). 

Fitch
means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Tax Person. 

- 15 - 

Funding Termination Date means any date under the Borrower Constituent
Documents after which the Borrower is restricted from issuing a Capital Call Notice to the Investors, or any date after which the Investors are not obligated to pay Capital Contributions in response to a duly issued Capital Call Notice, in either
case, to repay the obligations outstanding under this Agreement. 

Funding Ratio means: (a) for a Government
Pension Plan Investor or other plan not covered by clause (b) below, the total net fair market value of the assets of the plan over the actuarial present value of the plans total benefit liabilities, as reported in such plans
most recent audited financial statements; and (b) for a Pension Plan Investor that is subject to Form 5500 series reporting requirements, the funding target attainment percentage reported on Schedule SB to the Form 5500 or the funded percentage
for monitoring the plans status reported on Schedule MB to the Form 5500, as applicable, as reported on the most recently filed Form 5500 by such Pension Plan Investor with the United States Department of Labor. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, as applied from time
to time by the Borrower. 

GBP means British Pounds. 

Government Pension Plan Investor means an Investor that is a governmental plan as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political
subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or
pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

HNW
Investor has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Inclusion Date means, with respect to any
Investor, the later to occur of (a) the Effective Date or (b) the date on which such Investor is approved by the Administrative Agent as an Included Investor. 

Included Investor means, as of any date of determination, each Investor that (a) has been approved by the
Administrative Agent, (b) is not a JPM Investor and (c) is not subject to an Exclusion Event (except to the extent set forth in the definition thereof or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), in each case as of such
date. 

Indebtedness as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP,
(i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that is properly classified as a liability of such Person
on a balance sheet; (v) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of
others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed by such Person or for which such Person
acts as surety and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. 

- 16 - 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes,
imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b). 

Independent Dealer means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent): Bank of America/BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank, BMO Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, UBS, Wells Fargo and any Affiliate of any of
the foregoing, but in no event including the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower. 

Information means all
information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager or their respective business hereunder or pursuant hereto, other than any such information that is available to a Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to
disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. 

Initial Upfront Fee has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Interest Payment Date means the fifth Business Day after the last day of each Calculation Period. 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as
amended to the date hereof and from time to time hereafter, and any successor statute, as amended. 

Investment Exclusion
Event means the exclusion or excuse of any Investor from participating in any particular investment pursuant to the Borrower Constituent Documents. 

Investor means any Person who has been admitted as a non-managing member or shareholder or stockholder of, or who otherwise
holds any Equity Interest in the Borrower pursuant to the Borrower Constituent Documents or otherwise, in each case excluding any manager of the Borrower. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

JPM Investor means any Investor that (a) is an Affiliate of JPMCB; (b) that is managed by JPMCB or an Affiliate
thereof; (c) has JPMCB or an Affiliate thereof as its trustee (but, for the avoidance of doubt, an Investor for which JPMCB or an Affiliate serves as custodian or administrator shall not be a JPM Investor); (d) has JPMCB or an Affiliate
thereof is an investor; or (e) is identified by the Administrative Agent as a JPM Investor in writing to the Borrower (whether upon admission as a new Investor or in the event an existing Investor otherwise becomes a JPM Investor,
in each case, as the Administrative Agent may so identify). 

JPMCB has the meaning set forth in the introductory
section of this Agreement. 

Lender Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(c). 

Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

- 17 - 

Lien means any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference,
equity or encumbrance of any kind, including tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, if any, and such other agreements and documents, and
any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications thereof, executed or delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and any additional documents delivered in connection with any such amendment, supplement
or modification. 

Margin Stock has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve Board. 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets,
operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager, (b) the ability of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to which it
is a party or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

Material Amendment means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing
Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of
any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment, or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in
a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or
percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder. 

Maturity Date means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction
Schedule, (2) the date on which the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the Secured Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount
of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is 30 days prior to any scheduled Funding
Termination Date or the anticipated date of termination or dissolution of the Borrower or (ii) the Funding Termination Date or date of termination or dissolution of the Borrower. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08. 

Minimum Funding Amount has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto. 

Net Asset Value has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

- 18 - 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Secured Party having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Advance or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Participant Register has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.06(d). 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as
its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

PATRIOT
Act has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f). 

Payment has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.03(a). 

Payment Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Pending Capital Call means any Capital Call that has been made upon the Investors and that has not yet been funded by the
applicable Investor, but with respect to which such Investor is not in default. 

Pension Plan Investor means an
Investor that is an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA and is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code. 

Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions at the discretion of the Borrower to the Investors (or
other permitted equity holders of the Borrower); provided that (a) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (b) the Borrowing Base
Test will be satisfied immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution and (c) such distribution is not made during a Borrowing Base Cure Period. 

Permitted Lien means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable
or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens
imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not
overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and (e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar
Liens existing solely with respect to cash, securities and Cash Equivalents on deposit in or credited to one or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or custodian with
which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank or custodian with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements and netting arrangements. 

- 19 - 

Permitted Non-USD Currency means EUR, CAD, CHF and/or GBP, as applicable.

Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts means the account(s) set forth on the Transaction Schedule in an applicable
jurisdiction to hold cash, including Advances, or portfolio investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency. 

Permitted
RIC Distribution means distributions by the Borrower (from the Collateral Account or otherwise) to the extent required to allow the Borrower to qualify as a RIC, and to otherwise eliminate federal or state income or excise taxes payable by
the Borrower in or with respect to any taxable year of the Borrower (or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the
Borrower shall not exceed 115% of the amounts that the Borrower would have been required to distribute to: (i) allow the Borrower to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any
successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility to be taxed as a RIC for any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Borrowers liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its investment company
taxable income pursuant to Section 852(b)(1) of the Code (or any successor thereto), or (y) its net capital gain pursuant to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Borrowers
liability for federal excise taxes for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or (iii), calculated assuming that the Borrower had qualified to be
taxed as a RIC under the Code and (B) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition so long as (i) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied and (ii) if any such Permitted RIC Distributions are made after the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted RIC Distributions made in any 90 calendar day period shall not exceed $1,500,000. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental
Authority or unit, or any other entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity. 

Plan means any
employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA (other than a Pension Plan Investor). 

Plan Asset Rules means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part
2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 

Portfolio Manager has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in
effect at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b). 

Prospectus means Borrowers current offering document, and any subsequent offering document of Borrower, each as may
be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by
the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

- 20 - 

Rating means, for any Person, its senior unsecured debt rating (or
equivalent thereof), such as, but not limited to, a corporate credit rating, issuer rating/insurance financial strength rating (for an insurance company), general obligation rating or credit enhancement program (for a governmental entity), or
revenue bond rating (for an educational institution), in each case, from S&P, Moodys or Fitch. 

Reference Bank Base
Rate means the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request by the Reference Banks: 

(a) in relation to Advances denominated in GBP, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the
Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time; 

(b) in relation to Advances denominated in CHF, the policy rate of the
Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time; and 

(c) in relation to Advances denominated in Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European
Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as
published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any
successor thereto) from time to time. 

Reference Banks means, in relation to Advances denominated in GBP, the principal
office of JPMCB in London and/or such other banks as may be appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time in consultation with the Borrower, in relation to Advances denominated in Euro, the principal office in Europe of JPMCB and, in
relation to Advances denominated in CHF, the principal office of JPMCB in London or such other banks as may be appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time in consultation with the Borrower. 

Reference Rate means (i) with respect to Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with
respect to Advances denominated in CAD, the Adjusted Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Advances denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Rate and (iv) with respect to Advances denominated in GBP or CHF, the Daily Simple RFR. The Reference Rate
shall be determined by the Administrative Agent (and notified to the Portfolio Manager), and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR
Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is the EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such
Benchmark is Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting, and (4) with respect to other Benchmarks, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c). 

Regulation W means Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c) and the Federal Reserve Boards
Regulation W (12 C.F.R. Part 223). 

- 21 - 

Regulation W Affiliate means an affiliate of a Secured Party,
as such term is defined under Regulation W promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board. 

Related Parties has the meaning
set forth in Section 9.01. 

Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in
respect of Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the SOFR Administrator, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the SOFR Administrator, or, in each case any
successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in GBP, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto,
(iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto
(iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in CHF, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (v) with
respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible
for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which
such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of
those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Screen
Rate means (i) with respect to any Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Advances denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or (iii) with respect to any Advances
denominated in CAD, the Term CORRA. 

Request for Advance has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d). 

Required Lenders means Lenders collectively holding an aggregate Applicable Percentage of 50.1% or more. 

Responsible Officer means (a) the Borrowers chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer,
treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller, and a secretary or assistant secretary for the purposes of delivering incumbency certificates, or as a second Responsible Officer in any case where two Responsible Officers are acting on behalf of the
Borrower; and (b) solely for purposes of notices given in connection with any Advance, prepayment or commitment termination or reduction, any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice
to the Administrative Agent, or any other officer or employee of the Borrower designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered under any Loan Document that is signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower will be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer will be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of
the Borrower. 

Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, a
distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on account of any shares or other Equity Interests in the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other
acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Borrower of any shares or other Equity Interests in the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants,
options or other rights to acquire shares or other Equity Interests in the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding. 

- 22 - 

Retiring Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01. 

Returned Capital means, for any Investor, if applicable, those funds returned or distributed to such Investor by the
Borrower which is added back to such Investors Unfunded Capital Commitment pursuant to the Borrower Constituent Documents or otherwise; in each case which amount has been set forth as Returned Capital on a certificate from a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower delivered to Administrative Agent; provided that the failure of the Borrower to deliver such certificate to Administrative Agent shall result in the exclusion of such amount from Returned Capital. 

RFR means, for any Advance denominated in (a) GBP, SONIA and (b) CHF, SARON. 

RFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Business Day means, for any Advance denominated in (a) GBP, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a
Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) CHF, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign
exchange transactions in Zurich. 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple
RFR. 

RIC means a regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of the Code. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., or any
successor thereto. 

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject
or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea region of Ukraine and the non-government controlled areas of
the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in
any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any other party to this Agreement, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned
Country, (c) any Person owned 50% or more, or controlled, by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions. 

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by
(a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other sanctions authority with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any other party to this Agreement. 

SARON means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business
Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrators Website. 

- 23 - 

SARON Administrator means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). 

SARON Administrators Website means SIX Swiss Exchange
AGs website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 

Scheduled Termination Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other Governmental Authority succeeding to the functions
thereof with respect to the Investment Company Act and the Securities Act. 

Secured Obligations has the meaning set
forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Secured Party has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a). 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended to the date hereof and from time to time hereafter, and any
successor statute. 

Side Letter means any letter or other agreement executed by or on behalf of an Investor with the
Borrower with respect to such Investors rights and/or obligations under its Subscription Agreement or the Borrower Constituent Document. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR Rate
Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

Solvent means, with
respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons
capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise).
For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to
become an actual or matured liability. 

SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the
Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

- 24 - 

SONIA Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands
website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Spot Rate means, as of any date of determination, (x) with respect to actual currency exchange between U.S. Dollars
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-U.S. Dollar rate available through the Administrative Agents banking facilities (or, if the Administrative Agent has notified the Borrower that it will no longer provide such
services or if JPMCB is no longer the Administrative Agent, through such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing) and (y) with respect to all other purposes between U.S. Dollars and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the
applicable currency-U.S. Dollar spot rate that appeared on the Bloomberg screen (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for such currency at 5:00
p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding Business Day. The determination of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

Subject Person has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Subscription Agreement means with respect to any Investor, a Subscription Agreement as defined in the Borrower
Constituent Documents and any related supplement thereto executed by an Investor in connection with the subscription for a stockholder interest in the Borrower as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time and where the context may require, all Subscription Agreements, collectively. 

Subscription Documents means,
for any Investor, a Subscription Agreement, any Side Letter and any assignment or transfer documentation in connection with an Investor transfer. 

Subsequent Investor means an Investor who becomes an Investor after the date hereof, whether due to a Transfer by an
existing Investor or otherwise. 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited
liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power
only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise
specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 

TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a
single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 

TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2
(or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark Advance means any Advance bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 

- 25 - 

TermCORRA means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance
denominated in CAD, the Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months, as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the Term CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m.
(Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination Date the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term
CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator. 

Term CORRA Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.32138% (32.138 basis points). 

Term CORRA Administrator means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator. 

Term CORRA Determination Date means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the
first day of such Calculation Period. 

Term CORRA Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means, for each Calculation Period, the 3-month Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago
time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the
0%, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0% for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means,
for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Advance denominated in U.S. Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Calculation Period, the rate per annum
determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published
by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business
Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Traded Loan means any Advance governed by LSTA documentation for which
at least two bid-side price is available as determined by Markit Group Limited or LoanX. 

Transaction Schedule has the
meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement. 

Transfer has the meaning set forth in the definition
of Exclusion Event. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; provided that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Unfunded Capital Commitments means with respect to any Investor, the unfunded or remaining Capital Commitment of such
Investor that may be called in accordance with the terms of the Borrower Constituent Documents, including, without duplication, any Returned Capital attributable to such Investor; provided that Unfunded Capital Commitment shall
not include (x) the portion of such Investors Capital Commitment that is, at such time, subject to a Pending Capital Call or (y) any capital commitment (including any unfunded or remaining capital commitment) of Investors that would
cause the assets of the Borrower to constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Assets Rules. 

Unused
Facility Amount means, on any applicable date of determination, the aggregate Financing Commitments of all Lenders minus the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances. 

U.S. Dollars or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America. Any reference herein to
$ shall mean USD unless otherwise specified. 

- 26 - 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for
(i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United
States government securities. 

U.S. Person means any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident, entity organized
under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States. 

U.S. Tax Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f). 

ARTICLE I 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 1.01. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on an Advance may be derived from an interest rate benchmark
that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 3.01(h) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The
Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with
respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or
produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its
affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant
adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or
rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall, absent any gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity
for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any
such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.02. Currency Equivalents Generally.
For purposes of determining (a) whether the amount of any Advance, together with all other Advances then outstanding or to be made at the same time as such Advances, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitments and
(b) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Financing Commitments, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Advances, the outstanding principal amount of any Advances that are denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deemed to
be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advances determined as of the date such Advances were made. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with an Advance an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple
amount, is expressed in U.S. Dollars, but such Advance is denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such Permitted Non-USD Currency (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of such Permitted Non-USD
Currency). 

- 27 - 

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01.
Financing Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender hereby severally agrees to make available from time to time to the Borrower Advances, in U.S. Dollars or any Permitted Non-USD Currency, in an aggregate
amount outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment as of such time. The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05 as of the Advance date, as applicable, the
Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable Advance available to the Borrower on the related Advance date (including without limitation for the purpose of making Permitted Distributions and
Permitted RIC Distributions) as provided herein. 

(b) Except as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance
required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Borrower required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any
contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 

(c) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder to make a Permitted Distribution or Permitted RIC
Distribution specified in the related Request for Advance or to pay the expenses or for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower. The proceeds of the Advances shall not be used for any other purpose. 

(d) With respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Borrower, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit
A (a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time, two (2) Business Days (except (i) with respect to any Advance denominated in USD, not later than 11:00
a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day and (ii) with respect to any Advance denominated in CHF, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days) prior to the Business Day specified as the date on
which such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the terms set forth in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, immediately after giving
effect thereto, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied. Subject to any deemed request pursuant to Section 3.01(h), no Request for Advance shall request a Daily Simple SOFR Advance unless the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR.

(e) The Borrower shall respond promptly to any reasonable requests for information related to its use of proceeds of Advances to the
extent required by any Secured Party in connection with such Secured Partys determination of its compliance with Regulation W. The Borrower shall not knowingly use the proceeds of any Advances to purchase any asset or securities from, or
issued by, any Secured Partys Regulation W Affiliate. 

- 28 - 

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, this Agreement shall not become effective until the date (the Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(a) Executed Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a
counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party
has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 

(b) Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Loan Documents have been executed and are in full force and effect. 

(c) Opinions. The
Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby and by the
other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, certain bankruptcy matters) in writing. 

(d) Corporate Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other
action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of any directors or officers of the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each director or
officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the
organization, formation, registration or incorporation, existence and good standing of the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(e) Payment of Fees, Etc.
The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Borrower in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including the fee payable pursuant to Section 4.03(e) and,
to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 

(f) PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent or
such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT
Act) and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation,
at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received
such Beneficial Ownership Certification. 

(g) Filings. Proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the
Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged
hereunder shall have been (i) filed and are in full force and effect, or (ii) prepared in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for such filing. 

- 29 - 

(h) Certain Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received
(i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Borrower as debtor and that are filed
in the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is organized and (ii) such other searches that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 

(i) Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the
Borrower, certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date. 

(j) Contact Information. The Administrative Agent shall have received the contact information for each Investor to the extent different
from or otherwise not set forth in its Subscription Agreement. 

(k) Other Documents. Such other documents as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably require. 

(l) Borrower Constituent Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received
the Borrower Constituent Documents, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 2.05.
Conditions to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the proposed date of such Advance (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion): 

(1) the Effective Date shall have occurred; 

(2) the Borrower shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d); 

(3) the Borrower shall have delivered a Borrowing Base Certificate, giving effect to such Advance; 

(4) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(5) [reserved]; 

(6) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true
and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent
that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality
qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

(7) after giving pro forma effect to such Advance
hereunder: 

(w) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied; 

- 30 - 

(x) the aggregate principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not
exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the Transaction Schedule; 

(y) the Dollar Equivalent of the outstanding
principal amount of Advances denominated in each Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed the product of (i) the Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap and (ii) the Financing Commitments then in effect; and 

(z) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD
Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the product of (i) 30% and (ii) the Financing Commitments then in effect; and 

(8) the amount of such Advance shall be not less than $1,000,000 (unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion). 

If the above conditions to an Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall
determine, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders, the date on which any Advance shall be provided. 

SECTION 2.06. Financing Commitment Increase Option. The Borrower may, at any time, submit a Financing Commitment Increase Option
Request for an increase in the Financing Commitment, subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) each of the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion) approve in writing (which may be by email) such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request; 

(b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case, on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date;

(c) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date; 

(d) all of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in
all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the Financing Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent
that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality
qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; 

(e) no commitment termination or reduction shall have occurred pursuant
to Section 4.07(a)(i)(B) prior to the Financing Commitment Increase Date; 

(f) the Borrower shall have paid to the
Administrative Agent on the Financing Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each Lender, an upfront fee in an amount to be mutually agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; 

(g) any Financing Commitment Increase Option Request shall be in an amount not less than $50,000,000; and 

- 31 - 

(h) after giving effect to such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, the amount of
such Financing Commitment Increase Option Request, aggregated with the amount of all prior increases in the Financing Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.06, shall not exceed $500,000,000; and 

(i) receipt by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without
limitation, documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c), (d) and (f)(ii) on the Effective Date. 

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS
APPLICABLE TO THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances. 

(a) Making the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Borrower as provided in Section 2.03, then
each Lender shall make such Advance on the proposed date thereof (and use commercially reasonable efforts to make such Advance by 4:00 p.m., New York City time) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent for deposit
to the (x) Collateral Account or (y) in the case of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account. Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or
foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Advance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the
terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Advances. 

(b) Interest on the Advances.
Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the date on which such Advance is made to but excluding the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per
annum rate equal to the applicable Reference Rate for each Calculation Period, as applicable, in effect plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule; provided that, following the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default under clause (a), (d), (e) or (m) of Article VII, all outstanding Advances and any unpaid interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default to but excluding
the Maturity Date or, if earlier, the date on which such Advance is repaid) at a per annum rate equal to the Reference Rate for each Calculation Period, as applicable, in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin. 

(c) Evidence of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the
indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and the applicable currency thereof. The
Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the Register) in which it shall record (1) the amount of each Advance made hereunder,
(2) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (3) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders
and each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain
such Register or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No assignment shall be effective unless it has been recorded in the Register as
provided in this section. This Section 3.01(c) shall be construed so that the Advances are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2), and 881(c)(2) of the Code. 

- 32 - 

Any Lender may request that Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such
event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a
registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 

(d) Pro Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all
borrowings of, and payments in respect of, the Advances shall be made on a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing Commitments in respect of Advances held by them. 

(e) Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over such Lender has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Advances or other Obligations, or materially restricts the authority of such Lender to (a) purchase
or sell, or to take deposits of, the applicable currency or (b) determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, then, on notice thereof by any Lender to the Borrower, (i) in the case of any
determination described in clause (a), any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Advances or the Obligations in such currency shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination
no longer exist and, until such time, the Advances or Obligations of such Lender in such currency shall, at the option of the Borrower, be converted to, and shall continue, as Base Rate Advances and Obligations in an amount equal to the aggregate
amount of such Advances and Obligations immediately prior to such suspension, and (ii) in the case of any determination described in clause (b), any obligation of such Lender to maintain Advances accruing interest at the Term SOFR Rate or Daily
Simple SOFR, or to convert Advances accruing interest calculated by reference to the Base Rate to be Advances accruing interest calculated by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the
Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist and, until such time, the Advances or Obligations of such Lender outstanding at the time of such suspension shall, at the option of the Borrower, be continued as Base
Rate Advance. Upon the prepayment of any such Advances, the Borrower shall also pay accrued and unpaid interest on the amount so prepaid. The Lenders agree to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such
notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of the Lenders, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that no breakage costs shall be payable in connection with this Section 3.01(e). 

(f) Increased Costs. 

(i) If any Change in Law shall: 

(A) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory
loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 

(B) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this
Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or 

- 33 - 

(C) subject any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than
(x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to
such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of principal, interest or
otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(ii) If any Lender determines that
any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this
Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of
such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate
such Lender, or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(iii) A certificate of a Lender
setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to the
Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within twelve (12) Business Days after receipt thereof. 

(iv) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section
for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such
Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the
nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

(v) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the
Borrower may reasonably request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any
actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender or the Administrative Agent, be disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation, due to a loss of money). In no event will the Borrower be
responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing. 

- 34 - 

(vi) If any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests
compensation under clause (e) above or this clause (f) or (B) defaults in its obligation to make Advances hereunder, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Administrative
Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement
and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Borrower that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an
amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment and (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder
shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such assignment. 

(g) No Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section
3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Borrower in respect of the Advances shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction or withholding for or on
account of any present or future Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this
Agreement. 

(h) Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(i) Temporary Benchmark Unavailability. Subject to clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and
(vi) of this Section 3.01(h), if: 

(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be
conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Reference Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the
applicable tenor or applicable currency and such Calculation Period or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Daily Simple SOFR; or 

(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) the Reference Rate will not adequately and
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) or (B) if the then-current Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such
Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances (or its Advance) denominated in U.S. Dollars, then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly
as practicable thereafter and until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a
new Request for Advance in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03(d), then, with respect for Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Request for Advance that requests a Term Benchmark Advance shall instead be deemed
to be a request for (x) Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of
Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, (2) any Request for Advance that requests a Daily Simple SOFR Advance shall instead be deemed to be a request for a Base Rate Advance and (3) (x) any Request for Advance in Permitted
Non-USD Currency with respect to the applicable Reference Rate for the applicable Calculation Period shall be ineffective and (y) the obligations of the Lenders to make any Advances in Permitted Non-USD Currency connection with such Reference
Rate shall be suspended. 

- 35 - 

Furthermore, if any Daily Simple SOFR Advance or Term Benchmark Advance is outstanding on
the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 3.01(h)(i) with respect to a Benchmark applicable to such Term Benchmark Advance or Daily Simple SOFR Advance, then until
(x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Request for Advance in
accordance with the terms of Section 2.03(d) then, with respect to Advances referencing the affected Benchmark (1) any Term Benchmark Advance shall, on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next
succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of
Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of Section 3.01(h)(i)(a)(B) or (b)(B) above, on such day, and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance
or any Advance denominated in Permitted Non-USD Currency shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

(ii) Permanent Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then; 

(a) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement with respect to U.S. Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and 

(b) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or
after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or
any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(iii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan
Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

- 36 - 

(iv) Notices from and Determinations by the Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (a) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (b) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (c) the
effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (d) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (v) below and (e) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their
sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.01(h). 

(v) Unavailable Term Rate Tenors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any
time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (a) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate or EURIBOR) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a
screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public
statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for
any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (b) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (a) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information
service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of definition of Calculation Period or Term SOFR Rate for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(vi) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark
Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for or conversion to an Advance to be made or converted during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for, or
request for conversion to a Term Benchmark Advance into a request for, or conversion to, (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a Base Rate Advance if Daily
Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (ii) an Advance in a Permitted Non-USD Currency into a request for, or conversion to a Base Rate Advance. 

During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component
of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 

- 37 - 

Furthermore, if any Advance is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the applicable Reference Rate, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 3.01(h), (1) any Term Benchmark
Advance shall on the last day of the Calculation Period applicable to such Advance (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple
SOFR Advance so long as Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) a Base Rate Advance if Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Advance
and any Permitted Non-USD Currency Advance shall, on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, a Base Rate Advance. 

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 3.03. Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Borrower in respect of the Advances shall be made without
deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Borrower, then the Borrower shall be entitled to make
such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be
increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the
Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, within
twelve (12) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Lender or the
Administrative Agent or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender or the Administrative Agent and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its
own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender
shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) and (ii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in

- 38 - 

connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d). 

(e) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to
this Section 3.03, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other
evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Status of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured
Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution
and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.03(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or
submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Tax Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Lender
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup
withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be
reasonably requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of
the following is applicable: 

(i) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which
the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, copies of executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal
withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

- 39 - 

(ii) copies of executed IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) copies of executed IRS Form W-8BEN,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or 

(iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, copies
of executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as
applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do
so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), copies of any other executed form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional
documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing
of its legal inability to do so; and 

(E) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower an electronic copy of an IRS Form W-9
upon becoming a party under this Agreement attesting to the fact that it is a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial
institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1471-3(a)(3)(iii) and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold under Section 1441 and FATCA. 

- 40 - 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion
exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.03), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified
party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid
over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a
less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund has not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and
the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes
that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this
Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge
of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION
4.01. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 4.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances in cash in the currency in which each relevant Advance was made
(together with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date. 

(b) Accrued
interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the
event of any repayment or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) for the avoidance of doubt, interest on Advances shall
continue to accrue during the period between the end of a Calculation Period and the corresponding Interest Payment Date, with such accrued interest to be included in the calculation of interest for the immediately succeeding Calculation Period.
Each payment of interest on an Advance shall be made in the currency in which such Advance was made. 

(c) (i) Subject to the
requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Borrower shall have the right from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part without any premium or penalty on any Business Day (except as set forth in
Section 4.07(a)). The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment 

- 41 - 

pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i) not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days (except with respect to the prepayment of an Advance denominated in CFH, not
later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days) before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly
following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Borrowing Base Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances shall be in an amount not less than
$1,000,000 or such lesser amount as is outstanding. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest. 

(ii)
At the request of any Lender, any optional prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(D) that is made on a date other than an Interest Payment Date shall be accompanied by any costs incurred by such Lender in respect of such prepayment. 

(d) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee which shall accrue at a rate per
annum equal to the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily Unused Facility Amount of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the Maturity Date. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on each
Interest Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day). 

(e) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent on the Effective Date, for the account of the Lenders,
an Initial Upfront Fee. Once paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

(f) Without limiting
Section 4.03(c), the Borrower shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on any date with proceeds from Capital Contributions directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 8.02(c). All such prepayments shall be made in the currency of the applicable Advances and accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest in the same currency, and with respect to each currency shall be applied to the repayment of
the longest outstanding Advance in such currency. 

(g) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each optional repayment by
the Borrower of an Advance hereunder may only be made if, after giving effect to such repayment, (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the
product of (x) 30% and (y) the Financing Commitments then in effect and (ii) the outstanding principal amount of Advances denominated in each Permitted Non-USD Currency does not exceed an amount equal to the product of (x) the
Applicable Non-USD Currency Cap and (y) the Financing Commitments then in effect. 

SECTION 4.04. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 4.05. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally. 

(a) All payments to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to
the Borrower for further distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). The Administrative Agent shall give written notice to the Portfolio Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and other
amounts due to Lenders and the amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager. At least two (2) Business Days prior to 

- 42 - 

each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio Manager in respect of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date and other amounts payable to
the Lenders. All payments not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be
made without setoff or counterclaim. Subject to Section 4.03, all payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. All interest calculated using the Term SOFR Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest
calculated using the Base Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 

(b) At any time if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion exchange amounts
held in the Collateral Account for one or more Permitted Non-USD Currencies, in each case at the Spot Rate for application hereunder. 

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments. 

(a) (i) Subject to the requirements of this Section 4.07(a) the Borrower shall be entitled at its option (A) without any
premium or penalty on any Business Day that (i) JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent or (ii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and or its Affiliates refinance this Agreement into a new
credit facility in which such parties hold a majority of the commitments and loans thereunder or (B) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period, to either (i) terminate the
Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued and unpaid interest, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or
(ii) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by electronic mail of an executed document (attached as a .pdf or similar file) of
any termination or reduction, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.07(a)(i) not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of termination or reduction, as applicable. Each such notice shall be
irrevocable and shall specify the date of termination or reduction, as applicable, and the principal amount of the Financing Commitments to be so terminated or reduced, as applicable. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative
Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial reduction of Financing Commitments shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000. 

(ii) In connection with each optional commitment termination or reduction pursuant to Section 4.07(a)(i)(B) that is made, whether in full or in
part, prior to the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall pay on the date of such termination or reduction a fee equal to 50% of the Applicable Margin for a Term Benchmark Advance that would have been payable on such reduced or terminated amount of the
Financing Commitment (for the period beginning on such date of termination or reduction and ending on the Scheduled Termination Date). 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

- 43 - 

ARTICLE V 

[RESERVED] 

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties. The Borrower (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (j),
(l), (n), (t), (u), (w), and (aa), the Portfolio Manager) represent to the other parties hereto solely with respect to itself that as of the date hereof (or as of such other date as maybe expressly set forth
herein): 

(a) it is duly organized, formed, registered or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, formation, registration or incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and to consummate
the transactions herein and therein contemplated; 

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such other Loan
Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party constitutes its legal, valid and binding
obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable limitations on the
availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); 

(c) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing
instruments and will not violate in any material respect any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will not result in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any
consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected; 

(d) it is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding; 

(e) it has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that
are necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or may become a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force
and effect except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(f) it is not required
to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act; 

(g) it has not issued any securities that are
or are required to be registered under the Securities Act; 

(h) it has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the
terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) the Borrower Revolver, (iii) other Indebtedness permitted by the Borrower Constituent Documents, the Prospectus, the Investment Company Act, and state securities laws to the extent applicable, and
(iv) Indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future portfolio investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; 

- 44 - 

(i) none of its underlying assets constitute plan assets within the meaning of
the Plan Asset Rules; 

(j) as of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is
not entering into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its creditors; 

(k) it is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) it has complied in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental
authorities, decrees and orders with respect to its business and properties, except where noncompliance by it would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(m) it has not formed any Alternative Investment Vehicles that are not depicted on Schedule 1.01(A) hereto (or on an updated
Schedule 1.01(A) delivered by the Borrower to Administrative Agent promptly upon formation of such Alternative Investment Vehicle); 

(n) (x) it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is
subject, and all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general
economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) heretofore furnished by or on behalf of it in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby
(after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) contains (or, to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to its knowledge contains), when taken as a whole, as of its delivery date
(and as updated or supplemented after such date), any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and
(z) as of the Effective Date, to the best of its knowledge, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if any, provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and
correct in all respects; 

(o) [reserved]; 

(p) it has timely filed all federal, state and other Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such Tax returns are
true and correct in all material respects; and it has paid or withheld (as applicable) all federal, state and other Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any) shown on such federal, state and other Tax returns, except in each case
(x) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (y) to the extent that
the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(q) it is and will be treated as a
corporation (that intends to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company as defined in Section 851 of the Code) for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(r) it is a U.S. Tax Person; 

- 45 - 

(s) [reserved]; 

(t) neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries is (1) a Sanctioned Person; (2) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a
Sanctioned Country or any country or territory which is designated as a High-Risk Jurisdiction subject to a Call for Action by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or
through such a jurisdiction; (3) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical
presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision; or (4) a Person that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 of the PATRIOT Act as
warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and also in material compliance with all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act; 

(u) it has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by it, its agents and its respective
directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and it and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and
Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in it being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) it or its directors, officers, managers or employees or
(ii) to the knowledge of it, any director, manager or agent of it that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, to the extent such activity is prohibited by law;

(v) it has good and marketable title to all its Collateral free of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and no effective financing
statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming or purportedly naming it or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except
such as may have been filed in favor of the Administrative Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto or which has been terminated; 

(w) it is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of their respective Affiliates in connection with
the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby; 

(x) there are no judgments for Taxes with respect to it and no claim has
been asserted in writing with respect to its Taxes, except to the extent that any such claim is being contested in compliance with clause (p) above; 

(y) [reserved]; 

(z) it has the
following status (Borrower Status): (i) it is a closed-end company within the meaning of Section 5 of the Investment Company Act, (ii) it has elected to be treated as a business development company for
purposes of the Investment Company Act, (iii) it is neither an affiliate (within the meaning of Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act, as amended) of, nor an affiliated person or an affiliated person of
an affiliated person (as defined in Section 2(a)(3) of the Investment Company Act) of the Administrative Agent, (iv) it has only one series of capital stock authorized and outstanding, (v) [reserved] and (vi) it is
not a party to any inter-fund lending arrangement between or among the Borrower with one or more other investment companies or pursuant to which the Borrower may make loans to any such investment company, or any such investment company may make
loans to the Borrower; 

(aa) the Portfolio Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as
amended; 

- 46 - 

(bb) no ERISA Event has occurred; 

(cc) all proceeds of the Advances will be used by the Borrower only in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. No part of the
proceeds of any Advance will be used by it to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate
or be inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly, by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock; 

(dd) it complies, including after giving effect to any proposed Advance hereunder, and will comply in all material respects with applicable
asset coverage and other leverage limits under the Investment Company Act, as interpreted by the SEC and its staff from time to time, after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Borrower by the SEC or reliance upon any no-action
letter of the SEC; 

(ee) the aggregate amount of the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Investors in as of the date hereof is
$1,488,821,314. The aggregate amount of the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of the date hereof is $1,488,821,314. There are no Capital Call Notices outstanding except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent. To its
knowledge, no Investor is in default under the Borrower Constituent Documents or its Subscription Agreement, in each case, to which it is a party, except as otherwise disclosed in writing to Administrative Agent. The Borrower is the sole legal and
equitable owners of the Capital Contributions resulting from any Capital Call on the Unfunded Capital Commitments of the Investors, has the sole right to make Capital Calls on the Investors for payment of all or any portion of their Unfunded Capital
Commitments and, prior to the date hereof, has satisfied all conditions to its rights to make a Capital Call, including any and all conditions contained in the Borrower Constituent Documents; 

(ff) each portfolio investment made by the Borrower in an entity that is an investment company within the meaning of the
Investment Company Act complies with, and will be held by the Borrower in compliance with, Section 12(d)(1) of the Investment Company Act, Rule 12d1-4 under the Investment Company Act or Rule 12d1-1 under the Investment Company Act, in each
case to the extent applicable, and in accordance with any interpretations, modifications or guidance provided by the SEC, SEC staff or other authority with appropriate jurisdiction; and 

(gg) it has not issued any of its securities in violation of any federal or state securities laws applicable thereto, except to the extent
that any such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 6.02. Covenants. The Borrower
(and, with respect to clauses (e), (g), (k)(A)-(B) and (r), the Portfolio Manager): 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) shall not fail to be Solvent; 

(c) shall not (a) transfer the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor to any Alternative Investment Vehicle or (b) cause
Capital Contributions to be made to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, unless such Alternative Investment Vehicle has joined this Agreement as a Borrower or a pledgor with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion; 

(d) shall not permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as of any date of determination, to be greater than 200%; 

- 47 - 

(e) shall comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and
shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by it and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions; 

(f) shall not amend (1) any of its constituent documents or (2) any document to which it is a party in any manner that would
reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(g) shall not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of
this Agreement to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be
expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or
(C) take any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse claim or the legal equivalent thereof, as applicable, except
for Permitted Liens; 

(h) shall not enter into or be a party to any hedge agreement other than hedge agreements permitted by the Borrower
Constituent Documents, the Prospectus, the Investment Company Act, and state securities laws to the extent applicable; 

(i) shall not
change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by it (or by the Administrative Agent on its behalf) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially
misleading or change its jurisdiction of organization, formation, registration or incorporation unless it shall have given the Administrative Agent at least 10 days (or such shorter period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole
discretion) prior written notice thereof, and shall promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements (and shall provide a copy of such amendments to the
Administrative Agent together with written confirmation to the effect that all appropriate amendments or other documents in respect of previously filed statements have been filed); 

(j) shall do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a
limited liability company, limited partnership, exempted company or exempted limited partnership, or corporation, as applicable, and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in the
jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited liability company, limited partnership or corporation, as applicable, in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary to protect the
validity and enforceability of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral; 

(k) shall comply with (A) all Applicable Law (including
without limitation the Investment Company Act of 1940 (with respect to the Borrower), and whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, (B) with respect to the performance of its respective obligations or the exercise of its respective rights, any applicable conflicts procedure set forth in its constituent documents, including its limited partnership
agreement, the Borrower Constituent Documents or portfolio management agreement, as applicable and (C) including after giving effect to any proposed Advance hereunder, applicable asset coverage and other leverage limits under the Investment
Company Act, as interpreted by the SEC and its staff from time to time, after giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to the Borrower by the SEC or reliance upon any no-action letter of the SEC; 

- 48 - 

(l) shall not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate
in whole or in part, in each case, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; 

(m) [reserved]; 

(n) shall ensure that (i) its affairs are conducted so that its underlying assets do not constitute plan assets within the
meaning of the Plan Asset Rules and (ii) it does not sponsor, maintain, contribute to or is required to contribute to, or has any direct liability with respect to, any Plan; 

(o) except for the security interest granted hereunder and as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any
other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on its Collateral or any interest therein (other than Permitted Liens), and it shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the
Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming through or under it (other than Permitted Liens); 

(p) 

(i) shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following financial statements, reports and information: (i) as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the
end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income
for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; provided, that the financial statements required
to be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Borrowers annual report on Form 10-K, shall be
deemed delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal
quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior comparable period (if any), and the unaudited
consolidated and consolidating statements of income of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter, and
the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; provided, that the
financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this clause (ii) which are made available via EDGAR, or any successor system of the Securities Exchange Commission, in the Borrowers quarterly report on Form 10-Q, shall be deemed
delivered to the Administrative Agent on the date such documents are made so available; and (iii) as soon as available and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the end of each calendar month (and on any date on which
(i) there is a Capital Call, (ii) any failure to satisfy the Borrowing Base Test, or (iii) an Exclusion Event occurs), an updated Borrowing Base Certificate as of such date; (iv) within in two (2) Business Days following
receipt thereof by any Credit Risk Party, a copy of any notice of default or other notice, in each case from any Investor related to Investors Capital Commitment and (v) from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or
otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request; and 

- 49 - 

(ii) shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent as soon as
available, but no later than the date any financial statements are due pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i)(i) or 6.02(p)(i)(ii), a compliance certificate, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be true and correct, (i) stating
whether any Default or Event of Default exists; (ii) stating that the Borrower is in compliance with the covenants set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the Collateral has been delivered to the Administrative Agent;
(iii) stating that the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article IV, or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date thereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date,
(iv) describing all Indebtedness and hedge agreements of the Borrower or any subsidiary thereof and (v) certifying that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of
operations of the Borrower on the dates and for the periods indicated, on the basis of GAAP, subject, in the case of interim financial statements, to normally recurring year-end adjustments; 

(q) shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon it or
upon its income, profits or property; provided that it shall not be required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; 

(r) subject to the requirements of Section 10.13, shall permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and
from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, and at the Borrowers expense, as applicable, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Collateral and (B) to visit its
properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of the Collateral for the purpose of examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Collateral or such Persons performance under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents with any director, officer, employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Borrower with
respect to review of the Collateral). The Borrower agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere
in any material respect with its or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days
prior written notice, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such
inspections and only one (1) Business Day prior notice will be required before any inspection, which shall occur during normal business hours; 

(s) shall not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of
the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X; 

(t) shall not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Borrower
may make Permitted Distributions and Permitted RIC Distributions each subject to any conditions and limitations set forth in the definitions thereof; 

- 50 - 

(u) shall not permit the Net Asset Value of the Borrower, as reflected in the most recently
delivered financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(p), to be less than 80% of the highest Net Asset Value of the Borrower since the Effective Date; 

(v) shall not request any Advance, and that it shall not, directly or knowingly indirectly, use, and shall procure that its directors,
officers, employees and agents shall not directly or knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value,
to any Person in material violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the
extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the material violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto; 

(w) [reserved]; 

(x)
[reserved]; 

(y) shall not elect to be classified as other than a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 

(z) [reserved]; 

(aa) shall
from time to time execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be
reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security interest (and the priority thereof) of this Agreement or to
carry out more effectively the purposes hereof, perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the Collateral and the rights therein of the Administrative Agent and
the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Administrative Agent against the claims of all Persons and parties, pay any and all Taxes levied or assessed upon all or any part of the Collateral and use its commercially reasonable efforts to minimize
Taxes and any other costs arising in connection with its activities or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may be necessary or desirable to create,
preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes the
Administrative Agent or its designee to file a UCC financing statement with an appropriate collateral description; 

(bb) shall not permit
(i) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any Transfer of Included Investors stockholder interests in the Borrower and/or Capital Commitment which, if aggregated with all prior Transfer by
the Included Investors, would be in a cumulative amount equal to or greater than 15% of the Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitments as of the date of such Transfer or (ii) any Transfer of any non-Included Investors stockholder interests in
the Borrower and/or Capital Commitment without (A) providing written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after such Transfer and (B) complying with the applicable requirements set forth in clauses (dd) and
(ee) below; 

(cc) shall not admit any Person as a Subsequent Investor if such Person is a Sanctioned Person; provided that no
Subsequent Investor shall be considered an Included Investor (nor shall its Unfunded Capital Commitment be deemed an Eligible Unfunded Capital Commitment) for the purpose of calculating the Borrowing Base without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion and subject to the receipt of any documentation or other information regarding such Subsequent Investor as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 

- 51 - 

(dd) shall, in the event any Person is admitted as a Subsequent Investor, promptly deliver
to the Administrative Agent a copy of such Subsequent Investors duly executed Subscription Documents and an updated Borrowing Base Certificate, containing the names and the Capital Commitments of each Investor; 

(ee) shall, prior to the effectiveness of a Transfer by any Investor, calculate whether, taking into account the Unfunded Capital Commitments
of such Investor as if such Transfer had occurred, the Transfer would cause a failure to satisfy the Borrowing Base Test (and deliver an updated Borrowing Base Certificate reflecting such calculation), and, if so, shall effect any applicable
Borrowing Base Cure prior to permitting such Transfer; 

(ff) shall not maintain any bank accounts or securities accounts into which any
monies or sums paid or to be paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices other than the Collateral Accounts; 

(gg) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Base Certificate promptly upon the Borrowers knowledge of any Capital Event;

(hh) [reserved]; 

(ii)
shall not act on behalf of a Sanctioned person or in a Sanctioned Country in any manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any party hereto or that could reasonably be expected to result in the designation of the Borrower or the
Portfolio Manager as a Sanctioned Person, and none of the Borrower, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Subsidiaries, directors or officers is a Sanctioned Person. The Borrower does not own and will not acquire, and the Portfolio
Manager will not cause the Borrower to own or acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions; 

(jj) shall (i) notify the Administrative Agent of any proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change, or other modification to
the Borrower Constituent Document prior to enacting such proposed amendment (and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower within five (5) Business Days of confirmed receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, whether the
Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, deems such proposed amendment, supplement, consent, waiver, change or other modification to be a material amendment adversely affecting the rights of the Secured Parties in the Collateral (a
Constituent Document Material Amendment); (ii) not effect any Constituent Document Material Amendment without the consent of the Administrative Agent and (iii) notify the Administrative Agent promptly in writing
(A) upon (and in no event later than one (1) Business Day after) the execution of any Constituent Document Material Amendment and (B) by the next delivery of financial statements, the execution of any other amendment, supplement,
consent, waiver, change or other modification to the Borrower Constituent Document, and in each case, furnish to the Administrative Agent copies of all such executed documents and other documents executed or delivered in connection therewith; 

(kk) shall give notice to the Administrative Agent promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after)
the occurrence of any of the following: 

(1) any Adverse Proceeding; 

- 52 - 

(2) any Default (to the extent it obtains actual knowledge thereof) or Event
of Default; 

(3) the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge of any material adverse claim asserted
against the Collateral Account or any other Collateral; 

(4) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial
Ownership Certification, if any, delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and 

(5) the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager obtaining actual knowledge that an Exclusion Event has occurred with respect to any
Investor; and 

(ll) [reserved]; 

(mm) [reserved]; 

(nn) shall
not issue any Capital Call Notice or otherwise request, notify, or demand that any Investor make any Capital Contribution unless the Borrowing Base Test will be satisfied after giving effect to such Capital Contribution and uses of proceeds thereof
and without delivering to the Administrative Agent simultaneously with delivery of such Capital Call Notices, copies of the Capital Call Notice for each Investor from whom a Capital Contribution is being sought (or a copy of the form thereof); 

(oo) [reserved]; 

(pp) shall
not, except as set forth in any applicable Subscription Agreement or Side Letter provided to the Administrative Agent prior to the designation of any Investor as an Included Investor, (i) without the prior written consent of Administrative
Agent (which may be withheld in the reasonable discretion of Administrative Agent), cancel, suspend, reduce, excuse, reallocate, defer or abate the Unfunded Capital Commitment of any Investor, unless in each case in connection with a Transfer of
Capital Commitments of such Investor otherwise permitted hereunder (each, a Capital Event); and (ii) without the prior written approval of Administrative Agent and the Lenders: (A) consent to any Investment Exclusion
Event or (B) otherwise excuse any Investor from or permit any Investor to defer any Capital Contribution; 

(qq) shall ensure that, at
all times from and including the Effective Date, at least 10% of the Capital Commitments are called pursuant to a Capital Call and remain called; provided that in each case, such requirement with respect to any Investor that becomes an
Investor after the Effective Date shall apply only from and after the 60th day after the date such Investor becomes an Investor; 

(rr)
shall maintain insurance of such types and in such amounts as are consistent with customary practices of business development companies (as defined in the Investment Company Act), except to the extent the failure to maintain any such
insurance would not result in a Material Adverse Effect, or as may otherwise be required by the Investment Company Act or the SEC (including such fidelity bond coverage as shall be required by Rule 17g-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
or any successor provision and errors and omissions insurance); and 

(ss) shall not, for purposes of the Loan Documents or financial
reporting, value any portfolio investment or other property thereof other than in accordance with GAAP, applicable law (including the Investment Company Act), the Prospectus, and the Borrowers valuation procedures. 

- 53 - 

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01.
Events of Default. If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail
to pay any amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for principal, interest, fees or other amounts) when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof
or otherwise and, solely in the case of amount other than principal, such failure continues for a period of two (2) Business Day following such failure; 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager (collectively, the
Credit Risk Parties) herein or in any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, or other document (other than projections, forward-looking information,
general economic data, industry information or information relating to third parties) furnished pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any
material respect when made or deemed made and if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such inaccuracy
from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such inaccuracy; 

(c) (A) the
Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 6.02(b), (c), (d), (f), (g), (h), (i), (k)(C), (l), (o), (s), (t), (u), (v), (y), (bb), (cc), (ff), (ii), (nn) and (ss) or (B) any Credit Risk
Party shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a
period of forty-five (45) days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Credit Risk Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of such Credit Risk Party becoming aware of such
failure; 

(d) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation,
reorganization, administration or other relief in respect of any Credit Risk Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in
effect in any jurisdiction or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, provisional liquidator or similar official in any jurisdiction for any Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of
its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for forty-five (45) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(e) any Credit Risk Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, provisional
liquidation, winding up, dissolution, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a
timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, liquidator, provisional
liquidator or similar official for such Credit Risk Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing (or any of the foregoing is otherwise commenced or deemed to be commenced); 

- 54 - 

(f) any Credit Risk Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(g) the passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Borrower in respect of the
liquidation, provisional liquidation, winding up or dissolution, in each case on a voluntary basis, of such Credit Risk Party; 

(h) any
final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any,
available with respect thereto), shall be rendered against any such Credit Risk Party, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days after the date on which the right to appeal has
expired; 

(i) an ERISA Event occurs; 

(j) a Change of Control occurs; 

(k) The Borrower shall fail to maintain Borrower Status; 

(l) the Portfolio Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement, (ii) assigns any of its obligations or duties as
Portfolio Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and, in each case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio Manager is not prior thereto
or concurrently therewith appointed (and has accepted such appointment) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; 

(m) any event of default shall occur under the Borrower Revolver or any Indebtedness of the Borrower with an aggregate principal amount equal
to or greater than $25,000,000; 

(n) [reserved]; 

(o) the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate Investor repudiates, challenges, or declares unenforceable its obligation to make contributions to
the capital the Borrower pursuant to its Capital Commitments or shall otherwise disaffirm the provisions of the Borrower Constituent Documents or shall fail to make a contribution to the capital of the Borrower within five (5) Business Days of
when required pursuant to the applicable Capital Call Notice (without regard to any notice or cure periods or any other circumstances whatsoever); 

(p) one or more Investors with aggregate Capital Commitments in excess of 15% of the aggregate Capital Commitments of all of the Investors
shall fail to make their Capital Contribution within five (5) Business Days of when required pursuant to the applicable Capital Call Notice (after giving effect to any notice or cure periods in the Subscription Documents); or 

(q) a Borrowing Base Cure Failure has occurred; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in
each case during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times:
(i) terminate the Financing Commitments, and thereupon the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any

- 55 - 

Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with
accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the
Borrower; and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then outstanding, together with accrued interest
thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNT;
COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Account; Agreement as to Control. 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b)
Administrative Agent in Control of Collateral Account. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Collateral Account shall be deemed to be a deposit account (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a) of the UCC. The
parties hereto agree that the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have exclusive control and the sole right of withdrawal over the Collateral Account except as otherwise provided in the applicable Account Control
Agreement. The only permitted withdrawals from the Collateral Account shall be in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender covenants and agrees that it will not cause or direct the
Administrative Agent to issue a Notice of Exclusive Control under the Account Control Agreement with respect to the Collateral Account unless and until an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery. 

(a) Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Borrowers obligations
to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (collectively, the Secured Parties) under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Secured Obligations), the Borrower grants, mortgages,
charges, assigns by way of security and pledges, by way of security to the Administrative Agent, a continuing security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent in all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in, to and under (in each
case, whether now owned or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) (1) all securities accounts or deposit accounts of the Borrower into which any monies or sums paid or to be paid by any Investor as Capital Contributions as and when Capital
Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices, and all assets on deposit therein or credited thereto, (2) the Capital Calls, Capital Commitments (including Unfunded Capital Commitments), and Capital Contributions of the Borrower,
including, without limitation, any rights to make Capital Calls, receive payment of Capital Contributions (so long as such receipt does not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the
Code) and enforce the payment thereof pursuant to the Borrower Constituent Document, and to enforce the payment thereof or any guarantees thereof now existing or hereafter arising, and (3) all of the Borrowers rights, titles, interests,
remedies, and privileges relating to the foregoing and all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof, in each of the foregoing clauses
(1) through (3), other than any amounts that are properly withdrawn from a Collateral Account in compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents and not applied to pay the obligations or any proceeds therefrom (all of the property described in
this Section 8.02(a) being collectively referred to herein as the Collateral). 

- 56 - 

(b) Delivery and Other Perfection. 

(i) In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Borrower shall (1) Deliver to the
Administrative Agent the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Borrower; (2) if any of the securities, monies or other property pledged by the Borrower hereunder are received by the Borrower forthwith take such action as is necessary
to ensure the Administrative Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including delivering such securities, monies or other property to the Administrative Agent); and (3) upon the reasonable request of the
Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, at the expense of the Borrower, legal opinions from Kirkland & Ellis LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders, as to the perfection and priority of the Administrative Agents security interest in any of the Collateral. 

(ii) The Borrower shall require that Investors wire-transfer to the applicable Collateral Account all monies or sums paid or to
be paid by any Investors as Capital Contributions as and when Capital Contributions are made pursuant to the Capital Call Notices. In addition, the Borrower shall promptly deposit such sums received directly from any Investors as Capital
Contributions into the Collateral Account according to the terms set forth in this Section 8.02(b)(ii) (provided, that any such amount received by the Borrower shall be remitted to the Collateral Account within one (1) Business Day); 

(iii) the Borrower shall not open any account into which monies and sums are paid pursuant to Section 8.02(b)(ii)
without prior notification to the Administrative Agent and promptly providing appropriate Account Control Agreements to the Administrative Agent relating thereto which shall in any event occur on or before such account has been opened, as are
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. In connection with any replacement of the Collateral Account, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to release the Lien on such replaced account upon the execution of Account Control
Agreement relating to such replacement account. 

(c) Remedies, Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent shall do any of the following: 

(i) Exercise in respect of the
Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it (including, without limitation, the initiation of Capital Call Notices on the Investors; provided, that any Capital Call Notice issued to the
Subject Person and/or any other Investor of the Borrower, in the aggregate, shall not be in an amount that is greater than the amount in the corresponding Capital Call Notice issued to the Borrower), all the rights and remedies of a secured party
under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice except as specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Administrative
Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Administrative Agent or a designee of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders )
may deem commercially reasonable. The Borrower agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar days prior notice to the Borrower of the time and place of any public sale or the time after
which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Administrative Agent or its
designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned; 

- 57 - 

(ii) Transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the
Administrative Agent or a nominee thereof; 

(iii) Enforce collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and
surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect thereto; 

(iv) Endorse any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Borrowers name to allow collection of the Collateral; 

(v) Take control of any proceeds of the Collateral; 

(vi) Execute (in the name, place and stead of any of the Borrower) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other
instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or 

(vii) Perform such other acts
as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Administrative Agents rights and interest hereunder. 

provided, that, following an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default pursuant to Section7.01(a),
(d), (e), (f), (o), (p) or (q)) prior to the Administrative Agent exercising its right to deliver a Capital Call Notice to Investors in accordance with this Section 8.02(c) (but without, for the
avoidance of doubt, limiting any other right or remedy of the Administrative Agent hereunder), the Borrower shall have an opportunity to deliver a Capital Call Notice to Investors in an amount sufficient to prepay the Secured Obligations in full;
provided that (i) within one (1) Business Day following notice from the Administrative Agent of the occurrence of such Event of Default, the Borrower shall (x) deliver to the Administrative Agent a Capital Call Confirmation Package
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (y) deliver such Capital Call Notice to Investors with instructions to wire-transfer the related Capital Contribution to the Collateral Account and (ii) such Capital Contributions are
transferred to Collateral Account within ten (10) Business Days following the delivery of such Capital Call Notice). 

(d)
Compliance with Restrictions. The Borrower and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Administrative Agent or its designee are hereby
authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law (including compliance with such procedures as may restrict
the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent and agree that they are purchasing
for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral), or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and the
Borrower and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Administrative Agent be liable
or accountable to the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with any such limitation or restriction. 

(e) Private Sale. The Administrative Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at
any private sale pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Borrower and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any claims against the Administrative Agent and each Lender arising by reason of the fact that the
price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale. 

- 58 - 

(f) Administrative Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Borrower hereby appoints the
Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Borrower by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead of the
Borrower and in the name of the Borrower from time to time in the Administrative Agents discretion, after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement in respect of Collateral or in connection with the enforcement of any of the Administrative Agents or Lenders
remedies hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such appointment as true and lawful attorney shall include any and all of the following powers with respect to all or any of the Collateral: (i)(A) to direct any party liable for
any payment under any of the Collateral to make payment of any and all moneys due or to become due thereunder directly to the Administrative Agent or as the Administrative Agent shall direct, including without limitation, to so direct any party with
respect to any Capital Commitments, (B) to ask or demand for, collect, receive and give acquittance for payment of and receipt for, any and all moneys, claims and other amounts due or to become due at any time in respect of or arising out of
any Collateral, (C) to commence, compound and prosecute any suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect the Collateral or any proceeds thereof and to enforce any other right in respect of
any Collateral, (D) to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against the Borrower with respect to any Collateral, (E) to settle, compromise, compound, prosecute, defend or adjust any suit, action or proceeding (including, without
limitation, with respect to Capital Commitments) and, in connection therewith, to give such discharges or releases or to extend the time of payment of any or all thereof and to make any allowance or other adjustment with reference thereto as the
Administrative Agent may deem appropriate, (F) to cause the Borrower to intervene in any suit, action or proceeding with respect thereto and (G) generally, to sell, charge, transfer, pledge and make any agreement with respect to or
otherwise deal with any of the Collateral as fully and completely as though the Administrative Agent were the absolute owner thereof for all purposes, and to do, at the Administrative Agents option and the Borrower expense, as applicable, at
any time, or from time to time, all acts and things which the Administrative Agent deems necessary or appropriate to protect, preserve or realize upon the Collateral and the Secured Parties Liens thereon for the ratable benefit of the Secured
Parties and to effect the intent of this Agreement, all as fully and effectively as the Borrower might do, (ii) to make allowances or adjustments related to Capital Commitments and (iii) initiate one or more Capital Calls. The Borrower
hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that the power of attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest. 

(g) Further Assurances. The Borrower covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the
Borrower will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to protect and preserve the priority and
validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights and
protections afforded to the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager herein. 

(h) Termination. Upon the payment in full of all Secured
Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Borrower. Upon notice of any
such termination by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrowers direction and sole expense execute and deliver to the Borrower or its nominee such documents as the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such
termination and the release of the Collateral. 

- 59 - 

(i) JPM Investors. 

(i) Recourse. In the event that the Administrative Agent elects to commence the exercise of remedies pursuant to
Sections 8.02(c) or Section 8.02(f) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent agrees that it shall not have any recourse to any JPM Investor or any of its assets with
respect to the Secured Obligations. Nothing in this Section 8.02(i) shall result in any Investor that is not a JPM Investor being required to make a Capital Contribution or other similar payment pursuant to the exercise of the rights
associated with the Collateral where such Investors pro rata share of the aggregate amount otherwise so called from all Investors is greater than what such pro rata share would have been had such exercise of rights also been exercised with
respect to the JPM Investors. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent has been granted a security interest in the right to make Capital Calls on the Unfunded Capital Commitments of all Investors. 

(ii) Receipt of Proceeds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that the
Administrative Agent elects to commence the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or Section 8.02(f) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, neither the Administrative Agent nor any
of its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive any proceeds or other amounts from any funding by a JPM Investor of a Capital Contribution as a result of (i) any payment by the Borrower of any Secured Obligations to the extent such payment was
funded by a Capital Call on the JPM Investor or (ii) any payment of Secured Obligations made directly to the Administrative Agent by a JPM Investor as a result of the exercise of remedies by JPMCB of its rights under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document. In the event that the Administrative Agent elects to commence the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or Section 8.02(f) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, no
proceeds of Capital Contributions or any other payments from a JPM Investor shall be applied to the obligations. The Borrower shall use reasonable efforts to maintain its books and records in a manner consistent with this
Section 8.02(i). 

(iii) Notice of JPM Investors. In the event that the Administrative Agent elects to
commence the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 8.02(c) or Section 8.02(f) upon the occurrence and during continuance of any Event of Default and the requirements of this Section 8.02(i) are then applicable,
the Administrative Agent shall deliver written notice to the Borrower of each Investor constituting a JPM Investor at such time. 

ARTICLE
IX 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its
agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being understood and
agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

- 60 - 

The financial institution serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same
rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 

The Administrative Agent
shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of
whether a Default, Event of Default or failure of the Borrowing Base Test has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except that
the foregoing shall not limit any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or
such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable
for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative
Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request or direction of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of
Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in
connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in connection herewith or other Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of
the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or
document or the Collateral, or (v) with respect to the Administrative Agent, the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required by this Agreement to be delivered to it. The
Administrative Agent shall not be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder if it reasonably believes it will not timely receive reimbursement therefor hereunder. 

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon (including as to the truth and
correctness of the statements and opinions expressed therein) any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction, opinion, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper
Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Any electronically signed document
delivered via email from a person purporting to be an authorized officer shall be considered signed or executed by such authorized officer on behalf of the applicable Person. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be
counsel for the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager), independent accountants and other experts selected by it in good faith, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel,
accountants or experts. 

It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for, and shall not
be under any duty to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance by any other Person with the requirements of this Agreement or other Loan Document. 

- 61 - 

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and
powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by the Administrative Agent with due care. The
Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and its
Affiliates (the Related Parties). The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 

Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon
30 days notice to the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent
of the Portfolio Manager. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent (the Retiring Agent),
gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent may (with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the consent of the Portfolio Manager), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor which shall be a financial
institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after
the Retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have accepted such
appointment within sixty (60) days after the Retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, such agent may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as administrative
agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the Retiring Agent (including, if applicable, any rights, powers, privileges and duties under the Account Control
Agreement), and the Retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After the Retiring Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit
of such Retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 

Upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or the successor agent, such retiring agent shall, upon payment of its charges
then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor agent all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring agent, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such
retiring agent hereunder. Upon request of any such successor agent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights,
powers and trusts. 

Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related
agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

- 62 - 

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be
liable for special, punitive, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if the Administrative Agent has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of the Administrative
Agent unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to
it in connection with this Agreement. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any
resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond, electronic communication or other document or have any responsibility for filing or recording any financing, amendment or continuation statement in any
public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder. 

In
the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, the Administrative Agent may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any request, instruction, certificate, opinion or
other document or electronic communication furnished to it, reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement but, in the case of a
request, instruction, document or certificate which by any provision hereof is specifically required to be furnished to it, the Administrative Agent shall be under a duty to examine the same in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement to
determine that it conforms to the form required by such provision. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for delays or
failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots and acts of war 

SECTION 9.02. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 9.03. Acknowledgements of the Lenders. 

(a) Each Secured Party hereby agrees that (i) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Secured Party that the Administrative Agent
has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Secured Party from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually
and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Secured Party (whether or not known to such Secured Party), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Secured Party shall promptly, but in
no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each
day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Secured Party shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the
Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense
based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative to any Secured Party under this Section 9.03 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

- 63 - 

(b) Each Secured Party hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the
Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (i) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment
(a Payment Notice) or (ii) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Secured Party agrees that, in
each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Secured Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it
shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest
thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Secured Party to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a
rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(c) The parties hereto hereby agree that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Secured
Party that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Secured Party with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay,
repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any obligations owed by the Borrower, except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent
from the Borrower for the purpose of making a payment on the Secured Obligations. 

(d) Each partys obligations under this
Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent and or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, any Secured Party, the termination of the Financing Commitments or the
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 9.04. Notices. 

The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any
portion of the Secured Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly
or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar
laws in any other jurisdictions to which the Borrower is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by
judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative
Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the
liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the
acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one 

- 64 - 

or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Secured
Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt
documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests
thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the
applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.05 of this Agreement),
(iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Secured Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as
equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to
take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of
Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Secured Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with
their original interest in such Secured Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Secured Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or
any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Secured Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each
Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. 

SECTION 9.05. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules) in connection with such
Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of, and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments or this Agreement; 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions
determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable, and the
conditions of such exemption are satisfied, with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement; 

- 65 - 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a
Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and
perform the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of
sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Financing Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv)
such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, such Lender and the Borrower, provided that the Borrowers consent may not be unreasonably withheld. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has
provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to,
and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for
the benefit of the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager, that none of the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the Collateral or the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise
of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) The
Administrative Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a
financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i)may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Advances, the Financing Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents
(ii)may recognize a gain if it extended the Advances or the Financing Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Advances or the Financing Commitments by such Lender or (iii)may receive fees or other payments in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or
collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early
termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01.
Non-Petition; Limited Recourse. Each of the Portfolio Manager and the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) hereby agrees not to commence, or join in the commencement of,
any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the Borrower or any similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference period plus one day)
after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or
the Borrower may seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions 

- 66 - 

(including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Borrower shall promptly object to the institution of any
bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding; provided that such obligation shall be
subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall limit the right of any party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this Section that
was instituted by the Borrower or against the Borrower by any Person other than a party hereto. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Borrower contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Borrower or
any of its Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is solely a
corporate obligation of the Borrower and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates
(solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Borrower contained in this Agreement, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches by the
Borrower of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity, or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby
expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.02. Notices. All notices
and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other
electronic messaging system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule (or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
notice to each other party hereto). All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) transmitted by facsimile, (b) personally delivered, (c) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or
(d) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any other electronic messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. 

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver. No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing
with respect to, any right, power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Related Parties, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and
disbursements of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and such other local counsel as required for the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation and administration of this Agreement, any other Loan Documents or any amendments,
modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) (including due diligence with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby) and (2) all
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and 

- 67 - 

disbursements of outside counsel for the Administrative Agent and such other local counsel as required for it, in connection herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights in
connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with the Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders and their Related Parties (each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims (whether brought by or involving the Borrower or any third party),
damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel for each Indemnitee and such other local counsel as required for any Indemnitees, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out
of, in connection with, or as a result of (1) the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their
respective obligations (including, without limitation, any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Borrower or the Portfolio Manager hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to any limitation included in any such
representation or warranty relating to materiality or causing a Material Adverse Effect)) or the exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (2) any
Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any
Indemnitee is a party thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action or (4) any action taken in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment of principal, interest and fees; provided that such indemnity
shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or its officers, directors or employees. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any
non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Borrower nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby
waives, any claim against the Borrower or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result
of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided, that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the
Borrowers indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages are included in a third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder. 

(d) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and
from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to
or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under
this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. 

(e) This Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties
hereunder and, if applicable, the earlier resignation or removal of any Indemnitee. 

- 68 - 

SECTION 10.05. Amendments. Subject to Section 3.01(h)(ii), no amendment,
modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including, without limitation, a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission or electronic mail) and executed by each of the Administrative Agent, the
Required Lenders, the Borrower and the Portfolio Manager; provided further that any Material Amendment shall require the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby; provided further that (i) the Administrative Agent
may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent), so long as such
amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights of any Lender or the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice (which may be by electronic mail) thereof and the Administrative Agent
shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice (which may be by electronic mail) from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment and (ii) the
Administrative Agent may (with the consent of the Required Lenders), in its sole and absolute discretion, consent to any action or omission as set forth in this Agreement and may grant waivers, concessions and other indulgences in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments. 

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any
attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and, the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Administrative Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by
reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Subject to the conditions set forth below, any Lender may assign to any other Person, all or a portion of
its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower; provided that (1) no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Financing Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (or any Affiliate thereof) immediately prior to giving effect to
such assignment and (2) no consent of the Borrower shall be required, but reasonable notice to the Borrower shall be given, for an assignment to an assignee that is a bank or insurance company; provided, further, that no consent
of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to any Person following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. 

Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; and (B) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment and assumption agreement in form and
substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof below, from and after the effective date
specified in each assignment and assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such assignment and assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment and assumption covering all of the assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto as a Lender but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.04). 

- 69 - 

The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall
maintain at one of its offices a copy of each assignment and assumption delivered to it and the Register. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the parties hereto shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in
the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Lender and the Portfolio Manager, at any
reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed assignment and assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment and assumption
and record the information contained therein in the Register. 

(c) Any Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or insurance
companies or other entities (a Lender Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Financing Commitment and the Advances owing to it);
provided that (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a
Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or
instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Lender Participant, agree to any Material Amendment that affects such Lender Participant. 

(d) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it
enters the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant
Register); provided that, no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant or any information relating to a Lender Participants
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or any successor provision. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Borrower agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and
limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation)) to the same extent as if
it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to
replacement of Lenders as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to any
participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant acquired the
applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in Section
3.01(f) with respect to any Lender Participant. 

- 70 - 

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 

(b) Submission to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively,
Proceedings) shall be tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto
irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any objection which it may have at any
time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court
does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place
where such party or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction. 

(c) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ON BEHALF OF THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable
to any Advance, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum
Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder, together with all Charges
payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section
10.08 shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the
Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act. The
Administrative Agent and each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify
and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow the Administrative Agent or such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the
PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

- 71 - 

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery
of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by email or facsimile shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words delivery, execution, execute, signed,
signature, and words of like import in or related to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures which shall be
of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

SECTION 10.11.
Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this
Agreement. 

SECTION 10.12. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to
the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may
be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability,
including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. 

As used herein: 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect
of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA
Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or
failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

- 72 - 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in
any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any
successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with
respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD
Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time)
promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution
or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as
if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 10.13. Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information
except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors to the extent such Information is disclosed to such persons on a
need to know basis (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent
requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority); provided, that such regulatory authority and self-regulatory authority shall have jurisdiction over such Person, (iii) to the extent required by applicable

- 73 - 

laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in which case such Person agrees to inform the Borrower to the extent permitted by law, (iv) to any other party to this
Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.13,
to (x) any assignee of or Lender Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Lender Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement (other than any assignee to whom the Borrower has declined consent to the assignment
thereto (to the extent such consent is otherwise required)), or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the
Borrower, (viii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.13 by the delivering party or its Affiliates or (B) becomes available to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (ix) to the extent permitted or required under this Agreement or any Account Control Agreement. For purposes of this Section 10.13, any Person
required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.13 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

[remainder of page intentionally blank] 

- 74 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective authorized directors or officers as of the day and year first above written. 

26NORTH BDC, INC., as the Borrower

By /s/ Jonathan Landsberg

Name: Jonathan Landsberg

Title: Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

26NORTH DIRECT LENDING LP, as Portfolio Manager

By /s/ Andrew Rabinowitz

Name: Andrew Rabinowitz

Title: Authorized Signatory

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By /s/ Jeffrey Davidovitch

Name: Jeffrey Davidovitch

Title: Managing Director

- 2 - 

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

/s/ Jeffrey Davidovitch

Name: Jeffrey Davidovitch

Title: Managing Director

- 3 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ck0001950976-20250207.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ck0001950976-20250207_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ck0001950976-20250207_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g816495g0212232705670.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001950976

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 07, 2025

Entity Registrant Name 26North BDC, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 000-56594

Entity Tax Identification Number 93-2305832

Entity Address, Address Line One 600 Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 26th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10022

City Area Code (212)

Local Phone Number 224-0626

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.26n.com//20250207/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ck0001950976-20250207.xsd 
ck0001950976-20250207_lab.xml 
ck0001950976-20250207_pre.xml 
d816495d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-026112-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d816495d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001950976 

2025-02-07 
2025-02-07 

false 
0001950976 
8-K 
2025-02-07 
26North BDC, Inc. 
MD 
000-56594 
93-2305832 
600 Madison Avenue 
26th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10022 
(212) 
224-0626 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>