<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001178913-25-000857.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001178913-25-000857.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317080022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001178913-25-000857
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250316
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Entera Bio Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001638097
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38556
		FILM NUMBER:		25742402

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KIRYAT HADASSAH, MINRAV BUILDING
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERUSALEM
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			9112002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-2-532-7151

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		KIRYAT HADASSAH, MINRAV BUILDING
		STREET 2:		FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERUSALEM
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			9112002
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>zk2532871.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000163809700-00000009722-532-7151Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for half of an Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $5.85 per Ordinary ShareENTXWNASDAQNASDAQ00016380972025-03-162025-03-160001638097entx:OrdinarySharesParValueOfNIS00000769Member2025-03-162025-03-160001638097entx:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForHalfOfAnOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf585PerOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-162025-03-16

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 16, 2025

Entera Bio Ltd.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Israel

001-38556

Not Applicable

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification)

KIRYAT HADASSAH, MINRAV BUILDING FIFTH FLOOR, JERUSALEM, Israel9112002

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

+972-2-532-7151

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a -12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d -2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e -4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 0.0000769

ENTX

Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 16, 2025 (the Effective Date),
Entera Bio Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel (the Company), entered into collaboration and license agreement (the Collaboration Agreement) with OPKO Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (OPKO
Health), and OPKO Biologics Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel (OPKO Biologics and, together with OPKO
Health, OPKO), to collaborate with respect to the preclinical and clinical development and decision making related to the oral delivery of a dual agonist
GLP-1/glucagon peptide in an oral dosage form using Enteras N-Tab technology platform for the treatment of obesity, metabolic and fibrotic disorders in humans (the Program). The
Program combines OPKOs proprietary long-acting oxyntomodulin (OXM, dual targeted GLP-1/Glucagon agonist, OPK-88006) analog and Enteras proprietary N-Tab technology.

License. Under the
Collaboration Agreement, the Company has granted to OPKO an exclusive, sublicensable and non-transferable, worldwide license to certain of its intellectual property and technology solely to develop, manufacture, and commercialize any
GLP-1/glucagon dual agonist as an oral treatment form for the treatment of obesity, metabolic, cardiovascular, and fibrotic disorders in humans, and OPKO has granted to the Company a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license
to certain of its intellectual property and technology to the extent necessary for the Company to perform its obligations in relation to the Program, in each case subject to the exceptions contained therein.

Development Program; Costs;
Financial Interests. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company and OPKO will retain 40% and 60%, respectively, of all proceeds deriving from the Program, and will be responsible for 40% and 60% of the Programs
development costs, respectively. Following the completion of the Phase 1 stage, the Company has the option to continue to fund its 40% share of the Program to maintain its right to proceeds or to opt-out (the Opt-Out). If the Company exercises its right to Opt-Out, then the Company and OPKO will retain 15% and 85%, respectively, of all proceeds deriving from the Program, while OPKO will
be solely responsible for ongoing development and commercialization funding of the Program.

Exclusivity. Pursuant to
the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, subject to certain limitations and exceptions, the Company and OPKO have agreed that, until the earlier of (x) the date of the Companys determination to Opt-Out and (y) the expiration or termination of
the Collaboration Agreement, neither party shall conduct any internal program or program on behalf of a third party, or otherwise grant any right or license to a third party, that is directed to, or with respect to, the development or
commercialization of any GLP-1/glucagon dual agonist as an oral treatment form for treatment for patients with obesity, metabolic and/or fibrotic disorder.

Issuance of Ordinary Shares; Lockup and Standstill. In connection with the execution of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company issued and sold to OPKO, and OPKO purchased from
the Company, an aggregate of 3,685,226 ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.0000769, of the Company (the Purchased Shares) for a purchase price of $8.0
million, representing a purchase price per share equal to approximately $2.17, which was the volume weighted average price per share for the 30 trading days immediately preceding the date of the Collaboration Agreement. OPKO has agreed to a
customary lockup with respect to the Purchased Shares, pursuant to which OPKO may not sell or otherwise transfer the Purchased Shares for a period of 12 months following the Effective Date, and OPKO has additionally agreed to a customary
standstill provision, pursuant to which, for a 24-month period following the Effective Date, OPKO may not acquire additional equity in the Company or otherwise take certain other actions, in each case without the Companys consent.

The Company has agreed to use the proceeds from the sale of the Purchased Shares solely to fund its development cost obligations
under the Collaboration Agreement, and the Company has agreed to enter into an escrow arrangement, together with OPKO and an escrow agent, into which such proceeds will be deposited and subsequently disbursed to fund such development costs. If
the Collaboration Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason, any funds remaining in such escrow will be disbursed to the Company.

The offer, sale and issuance of the Purchased Shares were made in reliance on an exemption from registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company relied on this exemption from registration based in part on
representations by OPKO, including that OPKO is an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act.

Termination. The
Collaboration Agreement contains customary termination provisions, and, unless earlier terminated, the Collaboration Agreement will continue indefinitely, except to the extent the Company exercises its right to Opt-Out. If the Company exercises
its right to Opt-Out, then the Collaboration Agreement will remain in effect so long as proceeds are being received by OPKO with respect to the commercialization of the Program.

The foregoing description of the Collaboration Agreement is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Collaboration Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release with respect to the matters described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference in this Item 7.01.

The information contained in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is furnished
and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such information shall not be incorporated by reference in another
filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent such other filing specifically incorporates such information by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1* 

Collaboration and
License Agreement, dated March 16, 2025, by and among Entera Bio Ltd., OPKO Health, Inc. and OPKO Biologics Ltd.

99.1 

Press release, dated
March 17, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

*Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, schedules and similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted because they do not contain information material to an investment or voting
decision and such information is not otherwise disclosed in such exhibit. The Company will supplementally provide a copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

ENTERA BIO LTD.

Date: March 17, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Miranda Toledano

Name: Miranda Toledano

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit_10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

COLLABORATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

ENTERA BIO LTD.,

OPKO BIOLOGICS LTD.,

and

OPKO HEALTH, INC.

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. 

DEFINITIONS 

1

2. 

LICENSES; EXCLUSIVITY 

11

2.1 

Licenses 

11

2.2 

Sublicensing and Subcontracting 

11

2.3 

Technology Transfer Activities 

11

2.4 

Exclusivity 

12

3. 

GOVERNANCE 

13

3.1 

Joint Steering Committee 

13

3.2 

Subcommittees 

14

3.3 

Alliance Managers 

15

4. 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES 

15

4.1 

General Overview and Initial Plan 

15

4.2 

Oral Product Research and Development Plan 

15

4.3 

Regulatory Matters 16

4.4 

Development Costs 16

4.5 

Subcontracting 17

4.6 

Recordkeeping 17

4.7 

Reporting on Development Activities 17

5. 

COMMERCIALIZATION 17

5.1 

Commercialization Through Sublicensee 17

5.2 

Direct Commercialization by OPKO 18

6. 

MANUFACTURING 18

6.1 

Manufacturing Activities 18

6.2 

Allocation of Manufacturing Costs 18

6.3 

Manufacturing Technology Transfer 18

7. 

FINANCIAL TERMS 19

7.1 

Invoicing and Payment of Development Costs 19

7.2 

Purchase of Entera Ordinary Shares 20

7.3 

Proceeds 21

7.4 

Recordkeeping and Audit 23

7.5 

Withholding Taxes 23

7.6 

Payment Method 23

7.7 

No Projections 24

7.8 

Right of Set-Off 24

7.9 

Third Party Obligations 24

8. 

ENTERA OPT-OUT 25

8.1 

Entera Opt-Out 25

8.2 

Effects of the Opt-Out 25

8.3 

Development Diligence Post Opt-Out 25

8.4 

Reports Post Opt-Out 26

8.5 

Additional Financials for OPKO Direct Commercialization Activities 26

ii

9. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

26

9.1 

Ownership of Intellectual Property 

26

9.2 

Prosecution, Maintenance, and Defense 27

9.3 

Enforcement 28

9.4 

Third-Party Infringement 29

9.5 

Patent Extensions 29

9.6 

Regulatory Listings 29

10. 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 30

10.1 

Mutual Representations, Warranties and Covenants 30

10.2 

Additional Representations and Warranties of Entera 30

10.3 

Entera Covenants 33

10.4 

Additional Representations and Warranties of OPKO Health 34

10.5 

Anti-Corruption Compliance 35

10.6 

No Other Representations or Warranties 35

11. 

INDEMNIFICATION 35

11.1 

Indemnification by Entera 35

11.2 

Indemnification by OPKO 36

11.3 

Indemnification Procedures 36

11.4 

Certain Third-Party Claims Related to Collaboration Product in the Territory 36

11.5 

Limitation of Liability 37

11.6 

Insurance 37

12. 

CONFIDENTIALITY 37

12.1 

Confidential Information 37

12.2 

Exceptions 38

12.3 

Disclosures 38

12.4 

Existence and Terms of Agreement 39

12.5 

Duration 39

12.6 

Press Release 39

12.7 

Publications 39

13. 

TERM AND TERMINATION 40

13.1 

Term 40

13.2 

Termination 40

13.3 

Special Remedy for OPKO 41

13.4 

Effects of Expiration or Termination 41

13.5 

Rights in Bankruptcy 43

14. 

MISCELLANEOUS 43

14.1 

Entire Agreement; Amendment 43

14.2 

Force Majeure 44

14.3 

Notices 44

14.4 

Assignment 45

14.5 

Expenses 45

14.6 

Severability 45

14.7 

No Waiver 45

14.8 

Independent Contractors; Relationship 45

14.9 

Counterparts 45

14.10 

Choice of Law; Venue 45

14.11 

Use of Names 46

14.12 

Interpretation 46

ATTACHMENTS 

Schedule 4.1 

Initial Plan

Schedule 5.2 

Baseball Arbitration for Commercialization Terms

Schedule 7.2(d) Escrow Terms

Schedule 12.6 Draft Press Release

iii

COLLABORATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

This COLLABORATION
AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is entered into as of March 16, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between (i) OPKO Biologics Ltd., an Israeli company with offices at 16 Ashlegan St., Kiryat Gat 8211804, Israel (OPKO),
(ii) solely for purposes of Sections 7.2, 10.1, 10.2 and 10.4 hereof, OPKO Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation headquartered at 4400 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, FL 33137 (OPKO Health);
and (iii) Entera Bio Ltd., an Israeli company headquartered at Kiryat Hadassah, Minrav Building, Fifth Floor, Jerusalem, Israel 9112002 (Entera). OPKO and Entera are referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties.

BACKGROUND

WHEREAS,
Entera has focused on the development of oral peptide or protein replacement therapies using Enteras proprietary N-Tab technology platform (the Entera
Platform);

WHEREAS, OPKO
is interested in developing and commercializing an oral dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide with OPKOs proprietary long acting oxyntomodulin analog using the Entera Platform;and

WHEREAS, OPKO
and Entera desire to collaborate for preclinical and clinical development and decision making related to oral delivery of a dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide in an oral dosage form (QD) using Enteras N-Tab technology platform for the treatment of
obesity, metabolic and fibrotic disorders in humans.

NOW THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual promises, covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

1.DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, the following initially capitalized terms, whether used in the singular or plural form, have the meanings set
forth in this Article 1.

1.1Accounting Standards means U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), or successor standards thereto,
in each case, as generally and consistently applied for accounting and financial reporting purposes throughout the applicable Partys organization.

1.2Adverse Event means any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or Clinical Trial subject administered a pharmaceutical or biologic product and
that does not necessarily have a causal relationship with the intended treatment.

1.3Affiliate means, with respect to an entity, any other corporation, firm, partnership or other entity which directly or indirectly controls or is
controlled by, or is under common control with such entity, regardless of whether such control exists as of the Effective Date, but only for so long as such control exists. For purposes of this definition, control shall be presumed to exist if
either or both of the following conditions is met: (a) direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock or shares having the right to vote for the election of directors of such entity or any direct or indirect parent of
such entity; or (b) possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of any such entity (whether through ownership of securities or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise).

1

1.4Applicable Law means the applicable laws, rules, regulations, statutes, guidelines, treaties, orders, injunctions, decrees, judgments or ordinances having the effect
of law of any national, multinational, federal, state, provincial, county, city, other political subdivision, or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature, including any Regulatory Authority, in each case, that may be in
effect from time to time, including: (a) those governing Clinical Trials or the exploitation of any pharmaceutical or biologic drug, product, or therapy, including then-current Good Clinical Practices (GCP), Good Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good
Manufacturing Practice (GMP), and the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act), U.S. Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C.
262) (the PHSA), or foreign equivalents; (b) data protection, patient privacy, and electronic transmission or transaction laws and
requirements in all countries in which information or data that is protected by any applicable privacy laws is received, observed, transmitted, collected, or otherwise possessed, including the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), or equivalents thereof in any other jurisdiction, including all implementation measures and regulations promulgated and guidance issued by any governmental authority
thereunder; and (c) anti-bribery or corruption laws such as the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or the UK Bribery Act 2010 (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws).

1.5Biosimilar Version means, with respect to a Collaboration Product in a particular country, a pharmaceutical or biologic product that is: (a) approved for use in such
country pursuant to a regulatory approval process governing approval of a generic, interchangeable, or biosimilar version of such Collaboration Product based on the then-current standards for regulatory approval in such country, whether or not such
regulatory approval was based upon clinical data generated in support of a prior regulatory approval granted to a Collaboration Product or was obtained using an abbreviated, expedited, or other process; and (b) sold in the same country as such
Collaboration Product by any Third Party. For clarity, a product may be a Biosimilar Version regardless of whether it is subject to regulation as a biologic or drug product and regardless of the route used to obtain approval (for example, whether
by abbreviated new drug application (ANDA), BLA, or under 42 U.S.C. 262).

1.6BLA means Biologics License Application (as defined by the FDA) or its foreign equivalent (or a supplement, extension, or amendment thereto), or any
successor application having substantially the same function.

1.7Business Day means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York required by Applicable Law to
remain closed.

1.8Calendar Quarter means each of the three month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 of any Calendar Year, except that the first Calendar
Quarter begins on the Effective Date and the last Calendar Quarter ends on the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

1.9Calendar Year means, for the first Calendar Year, the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2025, and for each Calendar Year thereafter,
each 12-month period commencing on January 1, and ending on December 31, except that the last Calendar Year ends on the effective date of termination of this Agreement.

1.10Change of Control means, with respect to a Person: (a) a merger or consolidation of such Person with a Third Party that results in the voting securities of such
Person outstanding immediately prior thereto, or any securities into which such voting securities have been converted or exchanged, ceasing to represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the surviving entity or the parent of the
surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation; (b) a transaction or series of related transactions in which a Third Party, together with its Affiliates, becomes the direct or indirect beneficial owner of more than 50% of the
combined voting power of the outstanding securities of such Person; or (c) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of such Persons and its controlled Affiliates assets (such Third Party in each of (a) through (c),
the Acquiring Entity). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transaction or series of transactions effected for the primary purpose of financing
the operations of the applicable Person (including the issuance or sale of securities for financing purposes) or changing the form or jurisdiction of organization of such Person will not be deemed a Change of Control for purposes of this
Agreement.

2

1.11Clinical Trial means any clinical study in humans.

1.12Collaboration Product means any proprietary Oral Product constituting a long acting, dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide(s) that is Controlled by OPKO and combined
with the Entera Platform.

1.13Commercialization Costs means, with respect to a Collaboration Product, all internal and external costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of a Party during the
Term (whether incurred prior to or following the First Commercial Sale of such Collaboration Product) to the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable (whether wholly or partially attributable or allocable) to the Commercialization of
such Collaboration Product, including for medical affairs activities and maintaining regulatory approvals (including any post-marketing Clinical Trial), and Manufacturing Costs for Commercialization purposes; provided that if any of the foregoing
costs are reimbursed or otherwise offset by a Third Party, including a sublicensee, such costs shall not be included in as Commercialization Costs. Subject to the foregoing, Commercialization Costs include the costs and expenses incurred by OPKO in
connection with negotiating and executing a sublicense agreement pursuant to Section 5.1, and the costs and expenses incurred by OPKO as part of the performance of OPKOs obligations under any such sublicense agreement. In all cases, Commercialization Costs exclude Development Costs and Shared Program
Damages.

1.14Commercialize means all activities required or directed to market, promote, distribute, offer for sale, sell, have sold, import, have imported, export, have exported
or otherwise commercialize a pharmaceutical or biologic product or device, including activities to seek and maintain Marketing Approvals and market access and medical affairs activities. When used as a noun, Commercialization means any and all
activities involved in Commercializing.

1.15Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, with respect to a Party and an obligation hereunder, the level, caliber, and quality of efforts and resources typically used by
biopharmaceutical companies of similar size and similarly situated to such Party to perform the obligation at issue, which efforts shall be substantially the same as those efforts made with respect to other products at a similar stage of
development or in a similar stage of product life, with similar developmental risk profiles, issues of safety and efficacy, and all other scientific and technical factors; provided that with respect to OPKOs Commercially Reasonable Efforts, it may
additionally take into account factors such as the competitiveness of the marketplace, the proprietary position of the products, the regulatory structure involved, Regulatory Authority approved labeling, product profile, the profitability of the
applicable products, the likely timing of the products entry into the market, the likelihood of receiving regulatory approval, and all other relevant scientific, technical, and commercial factors. For the avoidance of doubt, the level of efforts
and resources that constitutes Commercially Reasonable Efforts may change over time based on the factors described above.

3

1.16Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

1.17Control or Controlled means, with respect to a Person and any
Know-How, Patent or materials, the possession of the ability by such Person or its Affiliates (whether by sole or joint ownership, license or otherwise), other than pursuant to this Agreement, to grant, without violating the terms of any agreement
with a Third Party, a license, access or other right in, to or under such Know-How, Patent or materials, in all cases, in the manner contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Person (or an Affiliate of a Person, as
applicable) will not be deemed to Control any such right that is owned or in-licensed by an Acquiring Entity, except to the extent any such right (a) arises after a Change of Control in the course of the conduct of activities under this Agreement
by representatives of the Acquiring Entity; or (b) is included in, disclosed, or used in furtherance of a Persons activities in connection with this Agreement by the Acquiring Entity or the acquired Person after a Change of Control.

1.18Develop means (a) to research, develop, analyze, test and conduct non-clinical, preclinical, clinical and all other regulatory studies and trials for a product,
including new indications, new combinations and new formulations; and (b) all other activities related to securing and maintaining Marketing Approval for a product and regulatory activities in connection therewith. Developing and Development
shall have correlative meanings.

1.19Development Costs means, with respect to a Collaboration Product, all internal and external costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of a Party during the Term to
the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable (whether wholly or partially attributable or allocable) to the Development of such Collaboration Product under the Development Plan, including Manufacturing Costs for use in the Development
of a Collaboration Product in such Development-related activities, and any Shared Program Damages pursuant to Section 11.4. For clarity, Development Costs do not include Commercialization Costs, nor do Development Costs include any costs incurred as part of the performance of OPKOs obligations under a
sublicense agreement (e.g., where a sublicensee collaboration partner requires OPKO to conduct additional studies pursuant to the sublicense agreement or to provide support in connection with obtaining regulatory approvals).

1.20Development Plan means, collectively, the Initial Plan and the Oral Product Research and Development Plan, as the same may be updated from time to time in accordance
with Article 4.

1.21Entera Background IP means all Patents and Know How that are both (a) Controlled by Entera as of the Effective Date; and (b) necessary or reasonably useful to
Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Oral Products in the Field.

1.22Entera Foreground Know-How means all Know-How (including Entera Information and Inventions) that during the Term is (a) in the possession and Control of Entera or its
Affiliates; (b) not generally known; and (c) necessary or reasonably useful to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Oral Products in the Field; excluding, however, any OPKO Foreground Know-How or any Know-How within the Entera Background IP.

4

1.23Entera Foreground Patents means each Patent Controlled by Entera during the Term that (a) claims or covers Entera Information and Inventions or (b) otherwise is
necessary or reasonably useful to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize Oral Products in the Field, in each case of (a) or (b) excluding any Patent within the Entera Background IP.

1.24Entera Information and Inventions means all protocols, formulas, data, inventions, know-how and trade secrets, patentable or otherwise, resulting from the Oral
Product Research Collaboration developed or invented solely by employee(s) of Entera or its Affiliates, or a Third Party acting on behalf of Entera or its Affiliates, and not employed by OPKO or its Affiliates.

1.25Entera Licensed Technology means, collectively, all Entera Background IP, Entera Foreground Know-How, and Entera Foreground Patents.

1.26Entera Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.0000769 per share, of Entera.

1.27European Union or EU means the European Union and all its
then-current member countries but including in any case the United Kingdom regardless of whether it is a then-current member country.

1.28Exclusivity Period means the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the earliest to occur of: (a) the Opt-Out Date; or (b) expiration or termination of
this Agreement (except with respect to Enteras obligations if terminated by OPKO pursuant to Section 13.2(a)).

1.29Field means the treatment of obesity, metabolic, cardiovascular, and fibrotic disorders in humans, including nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), and any other known
or indicated use of a dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide.

1.30First Commercial Sale means, with respect to a Collaboration Product in a country, the first sale to a Third Party following the receipt of Marketing Approval in such
country; provided that First Commercial Sale shall not include the transfer of promotional samples of Collaboration Product or the sale, disposal, or use of a Collaboration Product for marketing, regulatory, development or charitable purposes,
such as Clinical Trials, pre-clinical trials, compassionate use, named patient use, or indigent patient programs.

1.31Force Majeure means conditions beyond the control of the relevant Party and not arising from the fault or negligence of such Party. Subject to the foregoing, a Force
Majeure event may include an act of God, war, civil commotion, terrorist act, labor strike or lock-out, epidemic, failure or default of public utilities or common carriers, destruction of production facilities or materials by fire, earthquake,
storm or like catastrophe, failure of plant or machinery, or regulatory matters (including regulatory holds) (provided in each case the resulting failure to perform could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill, diligence, and prudence
that would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and experienced person engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar circumstances).

1.32Good Reason means a good faith strategic reason (consistent with maximizing the commercial viability and Patent protection of the Collaboration Products) not to
Prosecute, enforce or defend, as applicable, a Patent.

1.33Initial Study means the Phase 1 Clinical Trial, including the Single Ascending Dose and Multiple Ascending Dose clinical studies, to be conducted by Entera with
respect to a Collaboration Product and identified in the Initial Plan.

5

1.34Joint Information and Inventions means all protocols, formulas, data, inventions, know-how and trade secrets, patentable or otherwise, resulting from the Oral Product
Research Collaboration developed or invented jointly by employee(s) of OPKO or its Affiliates, or a Third Party acting on behalf of OPKO or its Affiliates, and by employee(s) of Entera or its Affiliates, or a Third Party acting on behalf of Entera
or its Affiliates including those identified in this Agreement.

1.35Joint Patentsmeans each Patent that claims or covers Joint
Information and Inventions, excluding any Patent within the OPKO Background IP or Entera Background IP.

1.36Know-How means all information and materials, including discoveries, improvements, processes, methods, protocols, formulas, data, inventions (including Entera
Information and Inventions, OPKO Information and Inventions, and Joint Information and Inventions), know-how, and trade secrets, patentable or otherwise.

1.37Major Market Country means the United States, France, Italy, United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, and Japan.

1.38Manufacture or Manufacturingmeans to make, produce, manufacture, process, fill, finish, package, label, perform quality assurance testing on, release, ship or store a compound, device or product or
any component thereof. When used as a noun, Manufacture or Manufacturing means any and all activities involved in Manufacturing a compound or product or any component thereof.

1.39Manufacturing Costs means, with respect to a Collaboration Product, all internal and external costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of a Party during the Term
to the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable (whether wholly or partially attributable or allocable) to the Manufacture of such Collaboration Product (including drug substance and drug product and both direct and indirect costs
(provided that any such indirect costs are reasonably allocable to such product production consistent with the applicable Partys Accounting Standards)). To the extent that Collaboration Product is sourced by a Party from one or more Third Party
contract manufacturing organizations (each a CMO), Manufacturing Costs will equal the out-of-pocket costs incurred by such Party for such
Manufacturing activity, as evidenced by the invoiced price paid by such Party to such Third Party contract manufacturing organizations for such Manufacturing activities.

1.40Marketing Approval means, with respect to a product in a particular country or jurisdiction, all approvals (including approvals resulting from any priority review,
breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval or fast track designation, application or submission), licenses, registrations or authorizations by a governmental authoritynecessary
for the manufacture, marketing, sale, or other commercialization of such product in such country or jurisdiction, including: (a) with respect to the United States, approval of BLA or NDA for such product by the FDA and with respect to the European
Union, approval of a marketing approval application (MAA) for such product by the EMA; (b) where required by Applicable Law to market and sell a product, pricing and reimbursement approval in such country or jurisdiction; and (c) where applicable,
pre- and post-approval marketing authorizations (including any prerequisite manufacturing approval or authorization related thereto), and labeling approval.

1.41Material Safety Issue means OPKOs good-faith determination following notice and discussion with Entera that there is an unacceptable risk for harm in humans based
upon the observation of serious adverse effects in non-clinical toxicity studies with respect to the Collaboration Products or the observation of serious adverse effects in humans after a Collaboration Product has been administered to or taken by
humans.

6

1.42NDA means a New Drug Application that is submitted to the FDA for Marketing Approval, pursuant to pursuant to 21 USC 355, or with respect to a jurisdiction other
than the United States, a similar application for Marketing Approval.

1.43OPKO Background IP means all Patents and Know How that are both (a) Controlled by OPKO as of the Effective Date; and (b) necessary or reasonably useful to Develop,
Manufacture, or Commercialize the Oral Products in the Field.

1.44OPKO Foreground Know-How means all Know-How (including OPKO Information and Inventions) that during the Term is (a) in the possession and Control of OPKO or its
Affiliates; (b) not generally known; and (c) necessary or reasonably useful to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Oral Products in the Field; excluding, however, any Entera Foreground Know-How, or any Know-How within the OPKO Background IP.

1.45OPKO Foreground Patents means all Patents Controlled by OPKO during the Term that claim or cover OPKO Information and Inventions, excluding any Patent within the OPKO
Background IP.

1.46OPKO Information and Inventions means all protocols, formulas, data, inventions, know-how and trade secrets, patentable or otherwise, resulting from the Oral Product
Research Collaboration developed or invented solely by employee(s) of OPKO or its Affiliates, or a Third Party acting on behalf of OPKO or its Affiliates, and not employed by Entera or its Affiliates.

1.47OPKO Technology means, collectively, all OPKO Background IP, OPKO Foreground Know-How, and OPKO Foreground Patents.

1.48Oral Product means any GLP-1/glucagon dual agonist as an oral treatment form (a) for sale by prescription, over-the-counter or any legal other method; or (b) for
administration to human patients in a Clinical Trial, for any and all uses in the Field, including any combination product.

1.49Oral Product Research Collaboration means the Development and Commercialization of Collaboration Product by the Parties in the Field as contemplated under the
Development Plan and this Agreement.

1.50Patents means the rights and interests in and to issued patents and pending patent applications in any country, jurisdiction, or region (including inventors
certificates and utility models), including all provisionals, non-provisionals, substitutions, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, renewals and all patents granted thereon, and all reissues, reexaminations, extensions, confirmations,
revalidations, registrations and patents of addition thereof, including patent term extensions and supplementary protection certificates, or the equivalents thereof, international patent applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT)
and any foreign equivalents to any of the foregoing.

1.51Person means any natural person, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, proprietorship or other business organization or a governmental
authority.

1.52Phase 1 Clinical Trial means a Clinical Trial of an investigational product that meets the definition of a Phase 1 study in the Clinical Trial Regulation EU No
536/2014 and for the United States as described in 21 C.F.R. 312.21(a), or its successor regulation, or the equivalent regulation in any other country.

7

1.53Pricing Matters means all material issues and decisions regarding price, price terms and other related contract terms with respect to Commercialization of a
Collaboration Product in each country in the Territory, including discounts, rebates, other price concessions and service fees to payors and purchasers.

1.54Proceeds means for a given Calendar Quarter, the difference (if any) between (a) the sum of (i) Shared Program Recoveries; and (ii) Sublicense Income received by OPKO
or its Affiliates during such Calendar Quarter, minus (b) the sum of (i) any Commercialization Costs; (ii) Shared Program Damages; and (iii) out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by OPKO in connection with (A) obtaining or maintaining Marketing
Approval or other regulatory approvals with respect to a Collaboration Product (to the extent not included in Commercialization Costs) or (B) its Prosecution of Patents hereunder, in the case (of (A) and (B)) to the extent directly attributable
or reasonably allocable to a Collaboration Product. For clarity, Development Costs shall not be subtracted from Proceeds, and net sales of Collaboration Products (whether by OPKO or any of its Affiliates or sublicensees) shall not be included in
Proceeds (but royalties payable to OPKO or its affiliates based on such net sales would be included, subject to the foregoing).

1.55Prosecution or Prosecute means, with respect to a particular
Patent, all activities associated with the preparation, filing, defense, prosecution, and maintenance of such Patent, as well as supplemental examinations, re-examinations, reissues, supplementary protection certificates and the like with respect
to such Patent, together with the conduct of interferences, derivation proceedings, inter partes review, post-grant review, the defense of
oppositions, and other similar proceedings with respect to such Patent.

1.56Regulatory Authority means any governmental authority responsible for granting Marketing Approvals for pharmaceutical and biologic products, including: (a) in the
United States, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or any successor entity thereto (the FDA); (b) in the EU, the European Medicines Agency
or any successor entity thereto (the EMA); and (c) any corresponding national or regional regulatory authorities.

1.57Shared Program Activity means any activity with respect to a Collaboration Product conducted by either Party or any of its Affiliates, sublicensees or subcontractors
consisting of (a) Development Activities; (b) Commercialization activities during the Term with respect to a Collaboration Product; or (c) the Manufacture of the Collaboration Product (including any intermediate thereof or any active therapeutic
ingredient or other material contained therein) for use in any activities under clause (a) or (b).

1.58Shared Program Damages means any Damages payable by either Party (or any of its indemnified Persons) to any Third Party claimant, as well as any reasonable attorneys
fees and costs of litigation incurred by either Party (or any of its indemnified Persons) from Third-Party Claims arising from Shared Program Activities, including such losses (and attorneys fees and costs) (a) arising from claims of infringement
of a Third Partys Patent and other intellectual property rights pursuant to Article 9; (b) constituting products liability claims; or (c) otherwise arising from Shared Program Activities not attributable to either partys gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach, provided, however, that Shared
Program Damages shall exclude Damages (and attorneys fees) for which (i) this Agreement otherwise provides shall be at a Partys sole expense; or (ii) a Party has an obligation to indemnify the other hereunder.

8

1.59Shared Program Recoveries means recoveries or other amounts receivable by either Party (or any of its indemnified Persons) from any Third Party arising from any
disputes or litigation with such Third Party in connection with the Shared Program Activities, including such recoveries from an enforcement action or settlement pursuant to Section 9.4 (Third-Party Infringement); provided, however, that Shared Program Recoveries shall exclude any and all amounts (a)
that this Agreement otherwise provides shall be retained solely by a Party; or (b) a Party is entitled to receive from the other Party pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2.

1.60Sublicense Income means all consideration received by OPKO from a sublicensee in consideration of a sublicense of the rights granted to OPKO pursuant to Section 2.1(a) below with respect to the Entera Licensed Technology,
including upfront payments, option, license fees, bonus, development milestones, sales milestones payments, royalties, income, equity securities and any and all monetary and non-monetary value whatsoever resulting anywhere in all countries in the
Territory, in all cases to the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable to the Collaboration Product. Sublicense Income excludes: (a) consideration from a sublicense as a result of the purchase or sale of debt or equity securities of
OPKO (or its Affiliates) by such sublicensee; (b) consideration or any type of funding for the Development of Oral Products; and (c) consideration or any type of funding to the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable to rights to any
subcutaneous version of any product.

1.61Subsidiary means any subsidiary of Entera.

1.62Territory means worldwide.

1.63Third Party means any Person other than Entera or OPKO or each of their respective Affiliates.

1.64Other Defined Terms:

Defined Term 

Section

Acquiring Entity 

Definition of Change of Control

Actions 

14.10

Agreement 

Preamble

Alliance Manager 

3.3

Anti-Corruption Laws 

Definition of Applicable Law

Bankruptcy Code 

13.2(d)

Board 

7.2(a)

CMO 

Definition of Manufacturing Costs

Commercialization Terms 

5.2

Company Interests 

7.2(a)(i)

Confidential Information 

12.1(a)

Damages 

11.1

Development Activities 

4.2(a)

Development Budget 

4.3

Disclosing Party 

12.1(a)

Effective Date 

Preamble

EMA 

Definition of Regulatory Authority

Entera 

Preamble

Entera Indemnitees 

11.2

9

Entera Platform 

Recitals

Escrow Agreement 

7.2(d)

Escrow Terms 

7.2(d)

Exchange Act 

7.2(a)(ii)

Exploit 

2.4

FD&C Act 

Definition of Applicable Law

FDA 

Definition of Regulatory Authority

Finance Leads 

7.3(b)

GAAP 

10.2(m)

Indemnified Party 

11.3

Indemnifying Party 

11.3

Initial Deposit Account 

7.2(d)

Initial Plan 

4.1

Invoicing Party 

7.1

Joint Steering Committee
or JSC 

3.1

Lock-Up Period 

7.2(b)

Manufacturing Technology
Transfer Plan 

6.3

Non-Publishing Party 

12.7

OPKO 

Preamble

OPKO Indemnitees 

11.1

Opt-Out 

8.1(a)

Opt-Out Date 

8.1(b)

Opt-Out Notice 

8.1(a)

Oral Product Research and
Development Plan 

4.2

Party or Parties 

Preamble

PHSA 

Definition of Applicable Law

Pre-Existing Product 

2.4

Publishing Party 

12.7

Purchase Price 

7.2

Purchased Shares 

7.2

Receiving Party 

12.1(a)

Residual Information 

12.2(c)

Responsible Party 

7.1

SEC Reports 

10.2(m)

Securities Act 

10.4

Standstill Period 

7.2

Subcontractor 

4.5

Term 

13.1

Third-Party Claims 

11.1

Third-Party Infringement 

9.4(a)

10

2.LICENSES; EXCLUSIVITY

2.1Licenses.

(a)Exclusive License Grant to OPKO. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Entera hereby grants OPKO an exclusive (even as to Entera and its
Affiliates), sublicensable (in accordance with Section 2.2),
non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 14.4),
worldwide license under the Entera Licensed Technology and Enteras rights in Joint Information and Inventions and Joint Patents, to Develop, Manufacture, and Commercialize the Oral Products in the Field.

(b)Non-Exclusive License Grant to Entera. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, OPKO hereby grants Entera a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable
(except as set forth in Section 2.2) and non-transferable
(except as set forth in Section 14.4) license under the OPKO
Technology and OPKOs rights in Joint Information and Inventions and Joint Patents, to the extent necessary for Entera to perform its obligations under the Development Plan, to perform such obligations.

(c)No Other License. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party grants to the other Party by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any right,
title, license, or other interest in any Know-How or Patents or other intellectual property.

2.2Sublicensing
and Subcontracting.

(a)OPKO Sublicensing and Subcontracting. OPKO may sublicense through multiple tiers the rights granted to it by Entera under this Agreement following consultation
and discussion by the JSC prior to granting such sublicense. OPKO may exercise its rights and perform its rights and obligations under this Agreement itself or through any of its Affiliates or sublicensees. In addition, OPKO may subcontract to
Third Parties the performance of tasks and obligations with respect to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of a Collaboration Product in the Field as OPKO deems appropriate, subject to Section 4.5 in relation to Development Activities. OPKO will remain responsible for the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement notwithstanding the use of any Affiliate, sublicensee, or subcontractor.

(b)Entera Sublicensing and Subcontracting. Entera will not sublicense the rights granted to it by OPKO under this Agreement without OPKOs consent other than to its
Affiliates or subcontractors in each case solely to perform tasks on behalf of Entera. Entera may exercise its rights and perform its rights and obligations under this Agreement itself or through any of its Affiliates. Entera may not subcontract to
Third Parties the performance of tasks and obligations with respect to the Development, Manufacture and Commercialization of a Collaboration Product to any Third Party except for Development Activities under the Initial Plan (including the
subcontracting of manufacturing for Development to Third-Party CMOs) and subject to Section 4.5 in relation to Development Activities, including to any Third-Party CMOs. Entera will remain responsible for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement notwithstanding the use of any Affiliate,
sublicensee, or subcontractor.

2.3Technology
Transfer Activities.

(a)Transition Generally. Entera will cooperate with and provide timely assistance to OPKO to ensure the smooth transition and to facilitate the transfer to OPKO of
the Know-How included in the license grant above.

11

(b)Initial Disclosure and Knowledge Transfer. Subject to the remainder of this Section 2.3(b), within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, Entera shall, at its own cost, transfer to OPKO copies of all Know-How included in the Entera
Background IP and any Patents embodying the Entera Background IP, by download of digital files to a virtual data room or other online filesharing service designated and controlled by OPKO. It is understood and agreed that there may be additional
Know-How included in the Entera Background IP that are not identified or not yet existing at the time of the initial technology transfer but that are thereafter identified or generated. If after the initial technology transfer, either Party
identifies any such additional Know-How included in the Entera Background IP or at OPKOs reasonable request, Entera shall transfer such additional Know-How included in the Entera Background IP to OPKO promptly after such identification (or
notification if identified by OPKO), by download of digital files to a virtual data room or other online filesharing service designated and controlled by OPKO. To the extent that any material Know-How does not exist in written form as of the
Effective Date or later date of identification, then within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date or as applicable the identification date, Entera will, at its own cost, reduce to writing such Know-How in a reasonably organized and complete form,
and transfer the same to OPKO. Such Know-How shall include information to assist OPKO to develop processes and procedures, including training, to Manufacture a Collaboration Product in the Field in a safe manner and in compliance with Applicable
Law.

(c)Technology Transfer following Initial Study. On the timeline to be set forth in the updated Development Plan or as otherwise agreed (but in any event not later
than ninety (90) days after completion of the Development Activities under the Initial Plan), to the extent not already provided pursuant to Section 2.3(b), Entera will disclose and make available to OPKO by download of digital files to a virtual data room or other online filesharing service designated and
controlled by OPKO, at Enteras sole cost and expense, all Clinical Trial data and regulatory filings (e.g., INDs) relating to the activities undertaken by Entera under the Development Plan and all Entera Foreground Know-How then in existence (but
only to the extent such Know-How is necessary to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize the Collaboration Products in the Field) that is included in the license granted to OPKO pursuant to Section 2.1(a).

(d)Costs of Technology Transfers. Each Party will bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred in connection with conducting any technology transfer activities
under this Agreement. To the extent directly attributable or reasonably allocable to a Collaboration Product, the costs and expenses incurred in connection with conducting any technology transfer as part of the performance of OPKOs obligations
under any sublicense agreement described in Section 5.1 shall constitute a deduction to Proceeds if incurred by OPKO and shall be added to total
Proceeds if incurred by Entera.

2.4Exclusivity.

(a)Exclusivity Commitments.

(i)During the Exclusivity Period, other than in the conduct of the Oral Product Research Collaboration (including as contemplated under Section 2.2(a) and Section 5.1), OPKO will not (and will cause its Affiliates not to), either alone or with Affiliates or Third Parties, research, Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize (collectively, Exploit) any Oral Product or grant any right or license to any Third Party to conduct any of the foregoing activities, other than the rights granted to Entera under this
Agreement.

12

(ii)During the Exclusivity Period, other than in the conduct of the Oral Product Research Collaboration, Entera will not (and will cause its Affiliates not to), either alone or with any Affiliates or Third Parties, use the Entera
Platform to Exploit any Oral Product, or grant any right or license to any Third Party to conduct any of the foregoing activities, other than the rights granted to OPKO under this Agreement.

(b)Exception for Change of Control. In the event that OPKO or Entera undergoes a Change of Control with an Acquiring Entity (which for purposes of this paragraph
will include such Third Partys pre-Change of Control affiliates) that is (either directly or through any Third Party) Exploiting an Oral Product (such Oral Product being so Exploited prior to the Change of Control, a Pre-Existing Product), the Acquiring Entity may continue to Exploit such Pre-Existing Product, and neither Party will be deemed to be in breach of Section 2.4 as a result thereof following the Change of Control if:

(i)In the case of OPKO, (A) neither the OPKO Technology (excluding intellectual property rights Controlled prior to the Change of Control by the Acquiring Entity or its then-affiliates) nor any OPKO Information and Inventions are used
by or on behalf of the Acquiring Entity or its Affiliates in connection with the Exploitation of such Pre-Existing Products; and (B) OPKO and the Acquiring Entity institute commercially reasonable technical and administrative safeguards to ensure
the requirements set forth in the foregoing clause (A) are met, including, in any case, creating firewalls between the personnel working on such Pre-Existing Products and the personnel performing the Development Activities hereunder or having
access to data from activities performed under this Agreement or Confidential Information of the Parties.

(ii)In the case of Entera, (A) neither the Entera Licensed Technology (excluding intellectual property rights Controlled prior to the Change of Control by the Acquiring Entity or its then-affiliates) nor any Entera Information and
Inventions are used by or on behalf of the Acquiring Entity or its Affiliates in connection with the Exploitation of such Pre-Existing Products; and (B) Entera and the Acquiring Entity institute commercially reasonable technical and administrative
safeguards to ensure the requirements set forth in the foregoing clause (A) are met, including, in any case, creating firewalls between the personnel working on such Pre-Existing Products and the personnel performing the Development Activities
hereunder or having access to data from activities performed under this Agreement or Confidential Information of the Parties.

3.GOVERNANCE

3.1Joint
Steering Committee.

(a)Formation; Composition. Promptly following the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint steering committee (the Joint Steering Committee or JSC) comprised of two (2) senior
representatives from each Party. A Party may replace any of its representatives from time to time by written notice to the other Party.

(b)Specific Responsibilities. Prior to expiration of the Term, the JSC will generally oversee the Oral Product Research Collaboration, for example overseeing the
performance of Development Activities. The JSC shall review and guide the implementation and management of, and modifications to, the Development Plan, and shall approve the Development Plan and modifications thereto. The JSC shall review and
discuss any potential sublicense, partnership, collaboration, or other strategic relationship with a Third Party involving the sublicensing of the Entera Licensed Technology and where Sublicense Income may be generated, in each case prior to
entering into such definitive agreement. The JSC is intended to act as a discussion forum and decision-making body, with the Parties working collaboratively to attempt to mutually agree on any manner referred to the JSC.

13

(c)Decision-Making. The Parties will attempt to make JSC decisions by consensus vote with escalation for dispute resolution to a senior executive of each Party if
there fails to be a consensus. In the event that the senior executives cannot after reasonably good faith efforts reach agreement on an issue within the JSCs purview within five (5) Business Days of such issue being referred to such senior
executive, then: (i) Entera shall have final decision making authority with respect to matters relating to the Development of any Collaboration Product through completion of the Initial Study, and (ii) OPKO shall have final decision making
authority with respect to all other matters (e.g., determination of the lead candidate under the Initial Plan, or Development following completion of the Initial Study) to the extent such decisions are consistent with the Development Plan. For
clarity, OPKO shall have final decision making authority with respect to the Development Plan (including modifications thereto) and with respect to the Commercialization of the Collaboration Products in the Field (including whether to enter into
sublicenses), following consultation and discussion by the JSC (it being understood that such consultation and discussion shall not require the approval of the JSC).

(d)Limitations on Decision-Making Authority. Neither Party may exercise its final decision-making authority in any manner that would (i) materially increase the
scope of the other Partys obligations under the Development Plan without a corresponding increase in the budget for such additional Development Plan activities; (ii) reasonably be expected to violate Applicable Law or infringe any third-party
intellectual property rights; (iii) modify this Agreement in any other manner in contravention of the terms hereof; or (iv) waive compliance with, or any breach of, this Agreement.

(e)Clarification. OPKO shall have sole decision-making authority with respect to licensing, partnering, or commercialization of a Collaboration Product in the Field
following consultation and discussion with the JSC. For clarity, OPKO does not have the right to develop, manufacture, commercialize any Oral Product using the Entera Platform other than the Collaboration Product in the Field.

(f)Meetings. The JSC shall meet in person or by teleconference initially within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date and thereafter at least once per calendar
month until completion of the Initial Study, and thereafter at least once per Calendar Quarter (or as otherwise mutually agreed upon). Each Party may invite employees of that Party to attend JSC meetings in a non-participating capacity.

(g)Minutes. Promptly following each meeting of the JSC, Entera will prepare and circulate draft meeting minutes to each member of the JSC. The meeting minutes shall
set forth, among other things, a description, in reasonable detail, of the discussions at the meeting. Such meeting minutes shall be effective only after being approved by both Parties (email is acceptable), and failure to object to proposed draft
meeting minutes within ten days after receiving the same is deemed acceptance of the same.

3.2Subcommittees.
From time to time the JSC may create subcommittees (e.g., joint development committee, joint manufacturing committee, joint commercialization committee) as the JSC sees appropriate. Any such subcommittees may be delegated responsibilities that would
otherwise fall within the JSCs purview.

14

3.3Alliance
Managers. Promptly following the Effective Date, each Party will appoint one or more of its qualified employees to act as its alliance manager hereunder (each, an Alliance Manager). Alliance Managers are intended to act as a point of contact between the Parties, and may attend and participate (but not vote) in all JSC meetings.

4.RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES

4.1 General
Overview and Initial Plan. Entera and OPKO will collaborate with respect to the research and Development of a Collaboration Product in the Field under a mutually agreed Development Plan. The portion of the Development Plan intending to
cover Development Activities with respect to such Collaboration Product through completion of the Initial Study is attached hereto as Schedule 4.1 (the Initial Plan).Entera will be principally responsible for pre-clinical Development work through the completion of the Initial Study. OPKO will be principally responsible for the
subsequent Development work under the Oral Product Research and Development Plan as described in Section 4.2. Subject to Applicable Law, during the Term, Entera will not (and will cause its Affiliates not to), either alone or with any Affiliates or Third Parties, Develop any Collaboration Product other than
pursuant to the Development Plan, nor grant any right or license to any Third Party to conduct any of the foregoing activities other than the rights granted to OPKO under this Agreement.

4.2Oral
Product Research and Development Plan. The Parties, through the JSC, intend to agree upon an update to the Development Plan as soon as reasonably practical following the Effective Date, with this updated portion covering the further
development of the Collaboration Products in the Field beyond the Initial Study (such updated portion, the Oral Product Research and Development Plan).
The Oral Product Research and Development Plan is intended to cover Development Activities subsequent to the Initial Study. After completion of the Initial Study, OPKO (or its Affiliates or designees) shall be responsible for: (i) the Development and
(except as otherwise set forth herein) Manufacturing of Collaboration Products for the Field and (ii) the Commercialization activities related to Collaboration Products in the Field.

(a)Performance. Each Party will perform the activities allocated to it under the Development Plan (Development Activities) (which includes the activities that Entera is principally responsible for in the Initial Plan portion of the Development Plan and the activities that OPKO is principally
responsible for in the Oral Product Research and Development Plan portion of the Development Plan), in a professional and timely manner, in compliance with Applicable Laws and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. Each
Party will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to achieve the objectives of Development Activities allocated to such Party.

(b)Updates to the Development Plan. The Initial Plan and the Oral Product Research and Development Plan may be updated from time to time by the JSC, subject to the
limitations on final decision-making authority set forth in Section 3.1(d).
If the JSC is disbanded, then the Oral Product Research and Development Plan may be updated by OPKO subject to the same limitations on final decision-making authority as those applicable to the JSC.

15

4.3Regulatory
Matters.

(a)Regulatory Filings. The Parties will collaborate on preparing all regulatory filings for the Collaboration Product in the Territory with Entera being responsible
for preparing the initial drafts of such regulatory documentation and regulatory filings in accordance with the Development Plan. As between the Parties, OPKO (or its Affiliates or designees) shall own the regulatory filings and Marketing Approvals
(including applications therefore) relating to all Collaboration Products in the Field, and all right, title and interest therein, and shall have the sole right to file any Marketing Approval application or other regulatory filing with respect to
Collaboration Products in the Field. The Parties will cooperate with and provide to each other Party such assistance as may be requested in connection with the preparation or prosecution of any regulatory filings relating to a Collaboration
Product, including by executing any required documents, providing access to personnel, and providing the other Party with copies of all reasonably required documentation. All regulatory documentation and regulatory filings for the Collaboration
Product shall (i) constitute Confidential Information of Entera to the extent relating to the Entera Platform, and (ii) constitute Confidential Information of OPKO to the extent relating to the dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide(s) that is
Controlled by OPKO (including any subcutaneous version of such dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide(s)).

(b)Communication with Regulatory Authorities. Entera may provide comments regarding regulatory filings and other correspondence with respect to the Collaboration
Product prior to OPKOs submission, which comments OPKO will consider in good faith prior to submission, provided that such consideration would not unreasonably delay the submission. OPKO will provide Entera with copies of all submissions it makes
to, and all material correspondence it receives from, a Regulatory Authority pertaining to any regulatory approval or Marketing Approval of a Collaboration Product. To the extent reasonably practicable (including due to timing constraints),
appropriate, and permitted under Applicable Law, Entera will be provided a reasonable opportunity attend portions of any meeting with a Regulatory Authority pertaining to any regulatory approval or Marketing Approval of a Collaboration Product to
the extent the same would reasonably be expected to affect Enteras own regulatory submission or the Entera Platform. For clarity, if a submission or regulatory approval with respect to a Collaboration Product also relates to a version of OPKOs
dual agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide(s) that is not an Oral Product, the rights of Entera under this Section 4.3 shall be limited to submissions or regulatory approvals relating to such Oral Product version.

(c)Right of Reference. Each Party hereby grants to the other Party a non-exclusive license and right of reference, with the right to grant sublicenses and further
rights of reference through multiple tiers, under all Marketing Approval and any other regulatory filings Controlled by the other Party with respect to a Collaboration Product as necessary or reasonably useful for a Party for submissions or
correspondences with Regulatory Authorities with respect to (i) the Collaboration Product in the case of OPKO and (ii) the Entera Platform, in the case of Entera.

4.4Development
Costs. The Development Plan will include an estimated budget of the Development Costs to be incurred by the Parties for their respective Development Activities (the Development Budget). Such budget is subject to revisions by the JSC and the final decision-making authority of a Party as described in Section
3.1(c) and subject to the limitations contained in Section 3.1(d). The costs incurred by the Parties under the Development Plan(s) will be shared by the Parties 60% by OPKO and 40% by Entera and reconciled on a Calendar
Quarterly basis as set forth in Article 7. Prior to the Opt-Out, a
Party may incur Development Costs greater than the Development Budget but will not be guaranteed reimbursement or cost-sharing except through an amendment of the Development Budget approved by the JSC subject to the final decision-making authority of
a Party as described in Section 3.1(c) and the limitations
contained in Section 3.1(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing from
and after the Opt-Out Date, Development Costs (excluding for clarity, Development-related costs or expenses incurred pursuant to the terms of a sublicense agreement as set forth in Section 2.2) shall be borne 100% by OPKO and 0% by Entera.

16

4.5Subcontracting.Each Party may engage its Third Party subcontractors (each, a Subcontractor) or Affiliates to perform Development Activities hereunder (or in the case of OPKO, Commercialization activities); provided that Entera shall not engage any Subcontractor without the approval of the JSC
(and the final decision-making authority of a Party as described in Section 3.1(c)
and subject to the limitations contained in Section 3.1(d)). All
Subcontractors who are involved in activities contemplated under this Agreement will execute agreements effectively assigning to the subcontracting Party all inventions made during the course of and as the result of their association with such Party,
free from any lien or encumbrance, and obligating each such individual to maintain as confidential either Partys Confidential Information as well as all confidential information of other parties that such subcontractor may receive in connection with
the activities contemplated under this Agreement. Each Party is responsible for effectively and timely managing and paying its Subcontractors. The engagement of any Affiliate or Subcontractor in compliance with this Section 4.5 shall not relieve a Party of its obligations under this Agreement.

4.6 Recordkeeping.
Entera and OPKO shall maintain, and cause its Affiliates and Subcontractors to maintain, records of its Development Activities in sufficient detail and in good scientific manner appropriate for scientific, patent and regulatory purposes, which shall
be complete and accurate in all material respects and shall fully and properly reflect all work done, data and developments made, deliverables generated, and other results achieved.

4.7Reporting
on Development Activities. Each Party will provide periodic, high-level progress updates on its Development Activities, which updates will be provided to JSC members at least two (2) days in advance of any JSC meeting, and provide a
brief presentation at each JSC meeting regarding Development progress made to date. The agenda for meetings of the JSC will be set by the JSC representatives.

5.COMMERCIALIZATION

5.1Commercialization
Through Sublicensee. As of the Effective Date, it is the expectation of the Parties that OPKO will not directly Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s) in the Territory, but instead will grant to one or more sublicensees the right
to Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s) in the Field in the Territory. The grant of such sublicenses by OPKO shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.2(a). Without limiting the foregoing, each such sublicense agreement executed by OPKO must be consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and OPKO
shall use good-faith efforts to include customary commitments from the sublicensee with respect to the Commercialization of the Collaboration Product(s) in the Field in the Territory, including with respect to diligence, reporting of activities, and
payment terms. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, and without limiting the foregoing, each such sublicense will be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement concerning prosecution and maintenance of Marketing Approvals, prosecution,
maintenance and enforcement of intellectual property, and confidentiality, and such sublicensee will be a third-party beneficiary of such terms and conditions of this Agreement. Subject to Applicable Law, during the Term, Entera will not (and will
cause its Affiliates not to), either alone or with any Affiliates or Third Parties, Commercialize any Collaboration Product nor grant any right or license to any Third Party to conduct any of the foregoing activities other than the rights granted to
OPKO under this Agreement.

17

5.2Direct
Commercialization by OPKO. In the event that OPKO determines to directly Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s) in one or more jurisdictions in the Territory (excluding, for clarity, Commercialization through a sublicensee), then
OPKO shall so notify Entera, and OPKO and Entera will promptly negotiate in good faith the terms on which OPKO would directly Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s) in the Territory, including with respect to diligence, governance matters,
calculation of net sales, royalty reporting, royalty term, royalty reductions, royalty offsets for third-party intellectual property licenses, sales milestones, use of trademarks, responsibility for Pricing Matters, and obligations with respect to
recalls, suspensions, and product withdrawals (collectively, the Commercialization Terms). The royalties and milestones included in the
Commercialization Terms shall be calculated in a manner to reflect the relative contributions of the Parties to the Development and Commercialization of the Collaboration Product as of such date and should be based on objective factors as of such
date, such as financial terms in transactions involving comparable products at a similar stage of development or in a similar stage of product life, scientific, technical and commercial factors, and the competitiveness of the marketplace, and (where
applicable) will be consistent with the corresponding provisions and definitions in this Agreement. In the event that the Parties are unable to agree on the Commercialization Terms within one hundred twenty (120) days after the date on which OPKO
notifies Entera of its determination to directly Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s), the Parties shall resolve such matter by binding, baseball-style arbitration as set forth on Schedule 5.2.

6.MANUFACTURING

6.1Manufacturing
Activities.

(a)Under the Initial Plan. OPKO will be responsible for the Manufacture and supply of the active ingredient for Collaboration Product for use in Development
Activities under the Initial Plan, and Entera will be responsible for the Manufacture and supply of Collaboration Product in drug product form for use in Development Activities under the Initial Plan.

(b)Under the Oral Product Research and Development Plan. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties (e.g., as set forth in the Development Plan), for any quantities of
Collaboration Product to be used for subsequent Development Activities under the Oral Product Research and Development Plan or for Commercialization, and subject to the successful completion of the Manufacturing technology transfer described below,
OPKO will be responsible for the Manufacture of Collaboration Product (in both drug substance and drug product form).

6.2 Allocation
of Manufacturing Costs. All Manufacturing Costs incurred during the Term in regard to a Collaboration Product in the Field will be included in either Development Costs (and therefore allocated between the Parties in accordance with Section 4.3 (Development Costs)) or Commercialization Costs (and
therefore allocated between the Parties via their inclusion in Proceeds in accordance with Section 7.3 (Proceeds)), as applicable.

6.3Manufacturing
Technology Transfer. Promptly following the Effective Date, the Parties will enter into a separate manufacturing technology transfer agreement (the Manufacturing Technology Transfer Plan) setting forth the terms and conditions under which (a) Entera will transfer, or cause its Third-Party CMOs to transfer, to OPKO all documents and information, and provide technical
assistance and support, necessary or reasonably useful for OPKO to Manufacture or have manufactured by Third-Party CMOs engaged by OPKO a Collaboration Product and (b) OPKO will transfer, or cause its Third-Party CMOs to transfer, to Entera all
documents and information, and provide technical assistance and support, to the extent necessary or reasonably useful with respect to the active ingredient for the Collaboration Product for Entera to Manufacture or have manufactured by Third-Party
CMOs engaged by Entera a Collaboration Product. Following successful completion of the technology transfers as defined in the Manufacturing Technology Transfer Plan and completion of the Initial Study, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties (e.g., as
set forth in the Development Plan), OPKO will have the sole right and obligation to supply Collaboration Product for its use under this Agreement.

18

7.FINANCIAL TERMS

7.1 Invoicing
and Payment of Development Costs.

(a)Invoicing of Development Costs. Except as otherwise agreed by the Parties with respect to certain Manufacturing Costs owed to a Third-Party CMO as described in Section 7.1(c), no later than forty-five (45) days after the end of
each Calendar Quarter during which a Party (the Invoicing Party) has incurred any Development Costs that are in whole or in part the
responsibility of the other Party under this Agreement (the Responsible Party), the Invoicing Party shall submit to the Responsible Party an
invoice setting forth the amounts (or the portion of such amounts, as applicable) for which the Responsible Party is responsible, accompanied with reasonable supporting explanation for such invoiced amounts. The Responsible Party will pay all
undisputed amounts invoiced within forty-five (45) days of receipt of such invoice. Any adjustments with respect to any previously submitted invoice by the Invoicing Party will be reflected in the next invoice delivered by the Invoicing Party to
the Responsible Party, such adjustments to be made in a manner consistent with the Invoicing Partys Accounting Standards. At the end of each Calendar Quarter, or as otherwise agreed by the JSC, each Party will submit to the JSC a report setting
forth the status of the Development Costs incurred by the Party in respect of its Development Activities in comparison to the related budget for such Development Activities as set forth in the Development Budget.

(b)Right to Effect an Opt-Out for Failure to Pay Development Costs. At any time during the Term, if Entera fails to timely pay the full amount of any undisputed
invoice for Development Costs delivered by OPKO in accordance with Section 7.1
and fails to pay such invoice within sixty (60) days from the due date of such invoice (including any interest borne in accordance with Section 7.6(c)), then at OPKOs option and upon OPKOs written request, OPKO may cause Entera to exercise the Opt-Out. If OPKO elects to cause Entera to exercise the
Opt-Out, then OPKO cannot use such failure to pay an invoice for Development Costs and subsequent Opt-Out as the sole basis to claim a material breach of this Agreement.

(c)Pass Through for Manufacturing Costs. For Manufacturing Costs that constitute shared Development Costs under Section 6.2, the Party initially incurring such costs under an agreement with a Third-Party CMO in accordance
with the Development Plan (subject to Section 4.4) may elect to
have the other Party reimburse the incurring Partys applicable share of such Development Costs using the process set forth in this Section 7.1(c) in lieu of utilizing the quarterly invoicing process set forth in Section
7.1(a). With respect to amounts paid by a Party under any Third-Party CMO agreement with any Third-Party CMO performing Manufacturing activities
for the Collaboration Product (whether in drug product or drug substance form) on behalf of such Party under Section 6.1 or Section 6.2,
the Party incurring such costs may invoice the other Party its respective share as Development Costs. Notwithstanding anything set forth in Section 7.1(a) to the contrary, the payor Party shall pay the portion of such
invoice for which it is responsible within the time period set forth on the invoice, which payment terms shall be agreed by the Parties prior to the payee Party entering into the applicable Third-Party CMO agreement, and may require payment of such
invoices by the payor Party before corresponding invoices are due and payable to the Third-Party CMO by the payee Party.

19

7.2Purchase
of Entera Ordinary Shares. On the Effective Date, OPKO Health shall purchase from Entera, and Entera shall issue and sell to OPKO Health, 3,685,226 Entera Ordinary Shares (the Purchased Shares) for an aggregate purchase price in cash equal to $8,000,000 (thePurchase Price). For clarity, as stated in Section 2.2(a), OPKO and OPKO Health may exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement (including the transactions contemplated by this Section 7.2) through any of its Affiliates.

(a)Standstill. OPKO Health agrees that, for a period of twenty-four (24) months following the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the Standstill Period), without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Entera (the Board) or a duly constituted committee thereof, neither OPKO Health nor any of its Affiliates shall, and OPKO Health shall cause its and their respective representatives not to, directly or indirectly, in
any manner:

(i)acquire, agree to acquire or offer, seek or propose to acquire (by purchase, tender or exchange offer or otherwise) any direct or indirect beneficial, constructive or synthetic interest in any Entera Ordinary Shares or other voting
equity interests in Entera (collectively, Company Interests);

(ii)(A) make, engage in, or in any way participate in any solicitation of proxies (as such terms are used in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated under Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), including any communication exempt from the definition of solicitation pursuant to Rule 14a-1(l)(2)(iv)
promulgated under the Exchange Act and irrespective of whether any such solicitation of proxies or consents constitutes an exempt solicitation pursuant to Rule 14a-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act) with respect to any Company Interests or seek
the consent of any Person with respect to any Company Interests, (B) call or seek to call a meeting of Enteras shareholders or otherwise seek to influence the timing of any meeting of Enteras shareholders, (C) submit, initiate, participate in or
encourage the submission of any proposal for action by the shareholders of Entera, (D) seek the removal of any member of the Board or otherwise seek representation on the Board in any manner, (E) seek to advise or influence in any manner whatsoever
any Person with respect to the voting of any Company Interests or (F) otherwise seek to control, change or influence the management, Board (or other similar governing body), governing documents, policies or affairs of Entera or any of its
affiliates;

(iii)form, join or in any way participate in a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) or otherwise act in concert with any other Person with respect to any Company Interests or any of the matters set forth in
this Section 7.2(a);

(iv)advise, assist, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any other Person to take any actions which, if taken by OPKO Health, would be prohibited by this Section 7.2(a); or

(v)publicly disclose any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with the foregoing.

20

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dr. Phillip Frost, M.D., or any trust controlled by him, may acquire up to two percent (2%) of the
outstanding Entera Ordinary Shares.

(b)Lockup. for a period of twelve (12) months following the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), OPKO Health shall not (and shall cause its Affiliate that buys the Purchased Shares, if applicable), without the prior written consent of Entera, directly or indirectly, (i)
offer, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, or otherwise dispose of, or announce the intention to otherwise dispose of, any Entera Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Entera Ordinary
Shares; (ii) enter into any swap, hedge or similar agreement or arrangement that transfers in whole or in part, the economic risk of ownership of Entera Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Entera
Ordinary Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by OPKO Health (or its Affiliate as contemplated in the first paragraph of this Section 7.2) or with respect to which OPKO Health (or such Affiliate) has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition, or (iii) engage in any short selling of any
Entera Ordinary Shares or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Entera Ordinary Shares.

(c)Removal of Restrictive Legend. Following the Lock-Up Period, certificates (or evidence of book entry position) evidencing the Purchased Shares and held by a
non-Affiliate of Entera shall not contain any restrictive legend, (i) following any sale of such Purchased Shares pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) if such Purchased Shares are eligible for sale in accordance with Rule 144 without restriction under
such rule and the requesting shareholder is not an Affiliate of Entera. Entera shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to Enteras transfer agent reasonably promptly if required by such transfer agent to effect the removal of the legend
hereunder or if requested by OPKO Health (or its Affiliate).

(d)Purchase Price Escrow. On the date hereof, OPKO Health (or its designated Affiliate) shall pay the Purchase Price to Entera in cash, in immediately available
funds, by wire transfer to an account specified in writing by Entera (the Initial Deposit Account). On or prior to the tenth (10th)
Business Day immediately following the Effective Date, Entera and OPKO shall reasonably negotiate and enter into an escrow agreement (the Escrow
Agreement) with an escrow agent mutually agreed between Entera and OPKO, which Escrow Agreement shall contain or otherwise operatively reference the terms set forth on Schedule 7.2(d) (the Escrow Terms). Entera shall retain the
Purchase Price in the Initial Deposit Account pending the transfer of such funds to the escrow account to be established under the Escrow Agreement, and, pending such transfer, Entera shall use such funds solely as permitted by the Escrow
Agreement. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, if any funds remain in the escrow established pursuant to the Escrow Agreement, such funds will be released to Entera, and, on or prior to the third (3rd)
Business Day immediately following such termination or expiration, OPKO (or its designated Affiliate party to the Escrow Agreement, as applicable) and Entera shall deliver a joint written instruction to the escrow agent under the Escrow Agreement,
directing such escrow agent to immediately release all such funds to Entera, without any deduction or withholding.

7.3Proceeds.

(a)Share of Proceeds. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the Term but prior to the Opt-Out Date for a Collaboration Product, OPKO and
Entera shall share Proceeds for such Collaboration Product, with the following allocation: 60% for OPKO and 40% for Entera. Following the Opt-Out Date and for the remainder of the Term (if any), OPKO and Entera shall share Proceeds for such
Collaboration Product, with the following allocation: 85% for OPKO and 15% for Entera.

21

(b)Calculation and Payment.

(i)Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter beginning with the Calendar Quarter in which Proceeds are first incurred or accrued, OPKO will provide Entera a report setting forth the Proceeds (including for
example Sublicense Income and Manufacturing Costs for Commercialization, and whether Proceeds for such Calendar Quarter are positive or negative) for such Calendar Quarter; provided, that if there are any components of Proceeds in such Calendar
Quarter that OPKO is unable to timely include in such quarterly report, then such amount shall be included and reconciled in the financial report in the following Calendar Quarter.

(ii)Within forty-five (45) days after receipt of such reports, designated individuals from each Party (the Finance Leads) shall
confer and agree in writing on whether a reconciliation payment is due from one Party to the other Party, and if so, the amount of such reconciliation payment, so that the Parties share Proceeds in accordance with Section 7.3(a). The Party to which a reconciliation payment is due shall send an invoice to
the other Party once the Finance Leads have agreed on any such amount due, and the Party required to pay such reconciliation payment shall make such payment to the other Party within forty-five (45) days after receipt of such invoice; provided,
however, that in the event of any disagreement with respect to the calculation of such reconciliation payment, any undisputed portion of such reconciliation payment shall be paid in accordance with the foregoing timetable and the Parties will use
good faith efforts to resolve the dispute. Any such dispute that has not been resolved within ten (10) Business Days after the initiation of discussions regarding the disputed amounts shall be referred to designated financial officers of each Party
to attempt to resolve such matter good faith. If such financial officers cannot resolve such matter within ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the matter is referred to them (unless a longer period is agreed to by the Parties), then the
dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 14.10. For
the avoidance of doubt, Proceeds shall be recorded, maintained, and calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards. Excluding reconciliation of any Shared Program Damages or Shared Program Recoveries, the final reconciliation of all Proceeds
(positive or negative) will occur no later than six (6) months after the expiration of the Term.

(iii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, and solely in relation to Proceeds incurred or accrued or deemed to be incurred or accrued (e.g., pursuant to Section 8.1(b)) following the Opt-Out Date, and except with respect to the final reconciliation payment, if Proceeds for a Calendar Quarter are less than zero dollars
($0), no reconciliation payment will be owed from Entera to OPKO for that Calendar Quarter. Rather, any costs or expenses incurred or accrued in a Calendar Quarter which OPKO is not able to recover due to the application of the previous sentence
will be carried forward to future Calendar Quarters if not fully taken in such Calendar Quarter until the amount of such reduction has been fully applied against payments due to Entera. If there is a negative Proceed balance at the end of the Term,
Entera will pay OPKO such balance within ninety (90) days following the effective date of expiration or termination.

22

7.4 Recordkeeping
and Audit. Upon reasonable prior notice by a Party, the other Party will allow the first Party or a certified public accountant engaged by such Party and reasonably acceptable to the other Party (and subject to customary
confidentiality obligations) to conduct during normal business hours an audit and inspection of the books and records of such Party to confirm compliance with the reporting and charging of Development Costs and Proceeds (as applicable). Any such
audit will be reasonable in duration and scope. Each Party will bear its own costs of any such audit unless an audit reveals an overpayment or underpayment in excess of five percent (5%) of the amount that was owed, in which case underpaying Party
will reimburse the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the other Party in conducting such audit. If any such audit reveals an underpayment, the applicable Party will promptly correct such underpayment. Following the Opt-Out Date as outlined in Article 8 each Party will be relieved of its obligations under this Section 7.4.

7.5 Withholding
Taxes.

(a)Where
any sum due to be paid to either Party hereunder is subject to any withholding or similar tax, the Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to conduct all such acts (including the execution of all such documents) to enable them to take
advantage of any applicable double taxation agreement or treaty. If withholding or similar taxes are paid to a government authority, each Party will provide the other such assistance as is reasonably required to obtain a refund of the withheld or
similar taxes, or to obtain a credit with respect to such taxes paid.

(b)If
required by Applicable Law, OPKO shall be entitled to deduct the amount of any U.S. withholding taxes from any payment due to Entera under this Agreement. OPKO shall pay the amount of such taxes to the appropriate governmental authority and deliver
to Entera proof of payment of all such taxes. To the extent Entera provides OPKO with a valid withholding certificate issued by the Israel Tax Authority with respect to such payment, OPKO shall not withhold amounts in excess of the rate or amount
provided for in such withholding certificate.

(c)If
required by Applicable Law, Entera shall be entitled to deduct the amount of any Israeli withholding taxes from any payment due to OPKO under this Agreement. Entera shall pay the amount of such taxes to the appropriate governmental authority and
deliver to OPKO proof of payment of all such taxes. To the extent OPKO provides Entera with a valid withholding certificate issued by the Israel Tax Authority with respect to any such payment, Entera shall not withhold amounts in excess of the rate
or amount provided for in such withholding certificate.

(d)All
payments under this Agreement are exclusive of VAT, which will be added at the applicable rate required by law, against a valid tax invoice, including an allocation number from the Israeli Tax Authority as required by the Israeli Value-Added Tax
Law, 1975.

7.6Payment
Method.

(a)Manner and Currency. Unless otherwise stated, undisputed invoiced amounts are due within forty-five (45) days following the paying Partys receipt of the
applicable invoice. All payments due under this Agreement to Entera shall be made by electronic funds transfer in immediately available funds to an account agreed by the Parties. All payments hereunder shall be made in U.S. Dollars. Conversion of
sales recorded in local currencies to U.S. Dollars shall be performed in a manner consistent with the invoicing Partys normal practices in accordance with the Accounting Standards.

23

(b)Payment Disputes. This Section 7.6(b) applies to payment disputes other than those with respect to Proceeds, which are instead covered by Section
7.3 above. If a Party reasonably and in good faith disputes any invoice (or portion thereof) submitted by the other Party, then the disputing
Party shall notify the invoicing Party in writing of such dispute on or before the due date for the relevant invoice, and the disputing Party shall only be obligated to pay to the invoicing Party the undisputed portion of such invoice. A written
notice of dispute may also include a request for any additional information or supporting documentation that the disputing Party reasonably and in good faith believes is necessary to determine whether it is responsible for the invoiced amounts. The
invoicing Party shall reasonably and in good faith respond to such request in writing within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof with the requested information and documentation or an explanation as to why such requested information and
documentation is not available. The Parties will use good faith efforts to resolve any such dispute in a timely manner.

(c)Interest on Late Payments. Any late payment of an undisputed, invoiced amount hereunder will bear interest, to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, at an
annual rate of two percent (2%) above the prime rate set by the Wall Street Journal on the date payment was due or the highest rate permitted by Applicable Law (whichever is lower), compounded annually and computed from the date such payment was
due until the date the payment is made.

7.7No
Projections. Entera and OPKO acknowledge and agree that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as representing an estimate or projection of anticipated sales of any product. OPKO MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT IT WILL BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY COMMERCIALIZE ANY PRODUCT OR, IF COMMERCIALIZED, THAT ANY PARTICULAR SALES LEVEL OF SUCH PRODUCT WILL BE ACHIEVED.

7.8Right
of Set-Off. Without limiting any other rights of a Party under this Agreement or otherwise, each Party shall have the right, but not the obligation, to set off, in whole or in part, against any obligation or payment it owes to the
other Party under this Agreement, any or all damages, liabilities, indemnified amounts, or other payments owed to such offsetting Party by the other Party under this Agreement.

7.9Third
Party Obligations.

(a)Notwithstanding
the other provisions of this Article 7 or Article 8, Entera shall remain responsible for the payment of
royalty, milestone and other payment obligations, if any, due to Third Parties with respect to any Patents or Know-How that have been licensed to Entera and are sublicensed to OPKO under this Agreement. All such payments shall be made promptly by
Entera in accordance with the terms of its agreement with such Third Parties, and shall not be included in Development Costs or Proceeds hereunder.

(b)Without
limitation of Section 7.9(a), if either Party reasonably
determines that rights to any Patent, Know-How, or other intellectual property Controlled by a Third Party are necessary or reasonably useful in order to Development, Manufacture, or Commercialize a Collaboration Product in the Field (in addition
to the scope of the exclusive license in Section 2.1), the JSC
shall determine which Party shall have the right to negotiate and acquire such rights through a license or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement agreement). The Party obtaining such rights may deduct, from amounts owed to the other Party
hereunder as part of Proceeds, any amounts payable and actually paid to a Third Party pursuant to any such Third Party license or otherwise. Such amounts payable to such Third Party shall not be included in Development Costs or otherwise included
in Proceeds hereunder.

24

8.ENTERA OPT-OUT

8.1 Entera
Opt-Out.

(a)Opt-Out Process. At any time following completion of the Initial Study but prior to ninety (90) days before OPKOs the first patient dosed in a subsequent
Clinical Trial with respect to the Collaboration Products, Entera may upon written notice to OPKO (the Opt-Out Notice) elect to no longer
participate in the sharing of costs with respect to further Development, Commercialization, and Manufacture of Collaboration Products (such election, the Opt-Out). Subject to the effects of the Opt-Out below, OPKO will continue the Development, Commercialization, and Manufacture of Collaboration Products at its sole cost, will control all Development, Commercialization, and
Manufacture decisions.

(b)Opt-Out Date. The effective date of an Opt-Out (Opt-Out Date)
shall be the date of OPKOs receipt of an Opt-Out Notice, unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties. Costs and expenses incurred from and after the Opt-Out Date will no longer be subject to the 60%/40% cost-sharing arrangement set forth
herein. Following the Opt-Out Date, OPKO and Entera shall share Proceeds with the following allocation: 85% for OPKO and 15% for Entera, and revenue received from and after the Opt-Out Date will otherwise be retained by OPKO to the extent OPKO
elects to directly Commercialize the Collaboration Product(s), subject to its payment obligations as set forth in Section 8.5. Any costs or expenses committed as of the Opt-Out Date and not cancellable by OPKO without penalty will be deemed to have been incurred prior to the Opt-Out Date.

8.2Effects
of the Opt-Out. Upon the Opt-Out Date: (a) each Party shall be relieved of its obligations pursuant to Section 2.4, it being understood that the exclusive license granted by Entera to OPKO to research, Develop, Manufacture, and Commercialize Oral Products in the Field shall remain in effect; (b)
OPKO will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop a Collaboration Product in the Field as described in Section 8.3 and to Commercialize a Collaboration Product in the Field in accordance with the terms to be agreed upon pursuant to Article 5; and (c) the reporting obligations of OPKO will be revised as set forth in Section 8.4 below.

8.3 Development
Diligence Post Opt-Out.

(a)Generally. From and after the Opt-Out Date, subject to Section 8.3(b), OPKO shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts, itself or through its Affiliate(s), (sub)licensee(s) or subcontractor(s), to obtain Marketing Approval
for at least one Collaboration Product in each Major Market Country. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the foregoing, OPKO shall have the sole decision-making authority with respect to such Collaboration Product from and after completion of
the Initial Study.

(b)Exception to Diligence Obligation for Safety Concern. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Material Safety Issue
with respect to a Collaboration Product, OPKO shall notify Entera and discuss. OPKO may take any and all actions it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion to appropriately address such Material Safety Issue, including putting on
temporary hold or ceasing Development of the affected Collaboration Product, or terminating this Agreement in its entirety. In such event, OPKO shall not be in breach of this Agreement or any obligation hereunder as a result of OPKO taking such
actions so long as OPKO is using Commercially Reasonable Efforts to address and, to the extent practicable, remedy the Material Safety Issue in order to permit continued Development. If a Material Safety Issue is reasonably likely to not be
resolved, or is not actually resolved, within twelve (12) months following the date on which the Material Safety Issue is identified, then unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties, this Agreement shall terminate in accordance with Section 13.2(e).

25

8.4Reports
Post Opt-Out. If Entera exercises the Opt-Out, then this Section 8.4
will apply from and after the Opt-Out Date in lieu of the Development Plan and other Development- and Commercialization-related reporting obligations (e.g., in Section 4.7 (Reporting on Development Activities (i.e., providing detailed progress updates on Development Activities and summary of data associated with such Development
Activities to the JSC); Section 7.1 (Invoicing of Development
Costs))). For so long as Development activities are being performed by OPKO (and not by a sublicensee pursuant to a sublicense agreement described in Section 5.1) with respect to the Collaboration Products, not required more than once during each Calendar Year, OPKO will provide to Entera a high-level written progress
report on the status of its material Development activities with respect to the Collaboration Products in Major Market Countries during the applicable Calendar Year, and OPKOs high-level plans with respect to such Development of the Collaboration
Products in Major Market Countries during the following Calendar Year. Any reporting obligations with respect to Commercialization activities from and after the Opt-Out Date: (a) applicable to an OPKO sublicensee shall be as set forth in the
applicable sublicense agreement (subject to Section 5.1); and (b)
applicable to OPKO (e.g., should OPKO decide to not sublicense the Commercialization of the Collaboration Products) shall be as agreed by the Parties as described in Section
5.2.

8.5Additional
Financials for OPKO Direct Commercialization Activities. At least ninety (90) days prior to the First Commercial Sale of a Collaboration Product, OPKO and Entera shall amend this Agreement to include additional economic terms as
consideration for the exclusive license granted to OPKO in Section 2.1(a),
as further described in Section 5.2.

9.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

9.1Ownership
of Intellectual Property.

(a)Background IP. Each Party shall solely own its Background IP (i.e., OPKO Background IP and Entera Background IP) and all right, title and interest therein
(subject to any licenses granted hereunder).

(b)Information and Inventions. Entera will solely own all Entera Information and Inventions. OPKO will solely own all OPKO Information and Inventions. Entera and
OPKO will each own an equal, undivided interest in all Joint Information and Inventions. Each Party shall promptly disclose to the other Party in writing, and shall cause its Affiliates, licensees and sublicensees to so disclose, the development,
making, conception or reduction to practice of any Joint Information and Inventions. Subject to Article 2, each Party has the right to exploit and grant licenses to any Third Party under such Joint Information and Inventions without the consent of, or accounting to, the other Party.

(c)Inventorship. Inventorship shall be determined in accordance with the rules of the United States patent law and other Applicable Law in the United States,
regardless of where such conception, reduction to practice, discovery, development or making occurs.

26

(d)Cooperation. Each Party shall execute such documents and perform such other acts, at its cost and expense, as the other Party may reasonably request to obtain
and perfect the assignment of the rights set forth in this Section 9.1.

9.2Prosecution,
Maintenance, and Defense.

(a)Generally. Subject to the provisions of this Section 9.2, as between the Parties, each Party has the sole right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to Prosecute all Patents within such Partys Background IP.
For clarity, and except as set forth in Section 9.2(d) with
respect to Joint Patents or to the extent such costs are included in the calculation of Proceeds as set forth in Article 1 above, each Party is solely responsible for all of its costs incurred in connection with its Prosecution of a Patent, and such costs shall not constitute Development Costs,
Manufacturing Costs, or Commercialization Costs, nor be shared between the Parties except to the extent the same fall into the deductions contained in the Proceeds definition in Article 1. The Parties shall modify Article
9 as may be reasonably required by a potential sublicensee of the Collaboration Product to allow for such sublicensee to control the Prosecution
or enforcement of OPKO Technology, Joint Patents, or Entera Licensed Technology on a basis that is different from the Prosecution and enforcement rights under this Agreement.

(b)OPKO Patents. As between the Parties, OPKO has the sole right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to Prosecute all Patents within the OPKO Technology in
its sole discretion, provided that OPKO will keep Entera reasonably informed (at OPKOs discretion and no more than on a Calendar Quarterly basis and in the form provided by OPKO and approved by the JSC) of all material developments to the extent
relating to the Collaboration Products or the Entera Platform in connection with any such matters.

(c)Entera Patents. As between the Parties, Entera has the first right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to Prosecute all Patents within the Entera Licensed
Technology, provided that Entera will: (i) keep OPKO reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any such matters; and (ii) reasonably and in good faith consider OPKOs comments with respect thereto. On a country-by-country
basis, Entera will provide OPKO written notice of its election to not file patent applications claiming Entera Licensed Technology or to cease Prosecution of Patents within the Entera Licensed Technology at least forty-five (45) days prior to any
filing or payment due date, or any other due date that requires action. Unless Entera has Good Reason to not make such filings or to not continue such Prosecution of such Patents (or to not allow OPKO to do the same), OPKO may (on a
country-by-country basis) file such abandoned patent applications or continue Prosecution of such Patents using counsel of its choice and at its own expense.

(d)Joint Patents. As between the Parties, OPKO has the first right (but not the obligation) to Prosecute all Joint Patents. Entera will use commercially reasonable
efforts to provide OPKO with full support in such Prosecution of such Patents. OPKO will (i) keep Entera reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any such matters; (ii) reasonably and in good faith consider Enteras
comments with respect thereto; and (iii) if using outside counsel, use outside counsel reasonably acceptable to Entera. On a country-by-country basis, OPKO will provide Entera written notice of its election to not file patent applications claiming
Joint Information and Inventions or to cease Prosecution of Joint Patents at least forty-five (45) days prior to any filing or payment due date, or any other due date that requires action. Unless OPKO has Good Reason to not make such filings or to
not continue such Prosecution of such Patents (or to not allow Entera to do the same), Entera may (on a country-by-country basis) file such abandoned patent applications or continue Prosecution of such Joint Patents using counsel of its choice and
at its own expense. Unless stated otherwise, the Parties will share the cost of any such activities of the Party having the first right to Prosecute a Joint Patents 50%/50% between OPKO and Entera. Entera will bear all of its own costs and expenses
incurred in connection with its exercise of its step-in rights under this Section 9.2(d). Entera may upon written notice elect to cease funding the Prosecution of one or more Joint Patents. From and after the date of such notice, each Patent so identified by Entera in such notice will no longer constitute
a Joint Patent hereunder for purposes of determining any payment obligations of OPKO.

27

9.3Enforcement.

(a)OPKO Patents. As between the Parties, OPKO has the sole right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to enforce all Patents within the OPKO Technology in its
sole discretion, provided that OPKO will keep Entera reasonably informed (at OPKOs discretion and no more than on a Calendar Quarterly basis and in the form provided by OPKO and approved by the JSC) of all material developments to the extent
relating to the Oral Products or Entera Platform in connection with any such enforcement.

(b)Entera Patents. As between the Parties, Entera has the first right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to enforce all Patents within the Entera Licensed
Technology, provided that Entera will: (I) keep OPKO reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any such enforcement; and (II) reasonably and in good faith consider OPKOs comments with respect thereto. On a
country-by-country basis, Entera will provide OPKO written notice of any desire to not enforce any such Patents. Unless Entera has Good Reason to not enforce (or allow OPKO to enforce) such Patents, OPKO may (on a country-by-country basis) enforce
such Patent(s) using counsel of its choice and at its own expense.

(c)Joint Patents.

(i)As between the Parties, OPKO has the first right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to enforce all Joint Patents that claims or covers a Collaboration Product or its use in the Field provided, provided that OPKO will (A) keep Entera reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any such enforcement, and (B) reasonably and in good faith consider Enteras
comments with respect thereto. On a country-by-country basis, OPKO will provide Entera written notice of any desire to not enforce any such Joint Patent. Unless OPKO has Good Reason to not enforce (or allow Entera to enforce) such Patents, Entera
may (on a country-by-country basis) enforce such Joint Patent using counsel of its choice and at its own expense.

(ii)As between the Parties, OPKO has the first right (but not the obligation), at its expense, to enforce all other Joint Patents, provided that OPKO will (A) keep Entera reasonably informed of all material developments in connection
with any such enforcement, and (B) reasonably and in good faith consider Enteras comments with respect thereto. On a country-by-country basis, OPKO will provide Entera written notice of any desire to not enforce any such other Joint Patents.
Unless OPKO has Good Reason to not enforce (or allow Entera to enforce) any such other Joint Patents, Entera may (on a country-by-country basis) enforce such other Joint Patent(s) using counsel of its choice and at its own expense.

28

(iii)All of OPKOs costs and expenses resulting from such enforcement action shall be shared by the Parties as Shared Program Damages. All of Enteras costs and expenses resulting from the exercise of any enforcement action pursuant to
its step-in rights in (i) and (ii) above will be shared evenly by the Parties, and not included as Shared Program Damages.

9.4Third-Party
Infringement.

(a)Notice. Each Party will promptly notify the other of any infringement by a Third Party of any of the Patents that are subject to the licenses hereunder
(including any Joint Patents) of which it becomes aware, and of any request for declaratory judgment, opposition, nullity action, interference, inter-partes
reexamination, inter-partes review, post-grant review, derivation proceeding, or similar action alleging the invalidity, unenforceability or
non-infringement of any of such Patents (collectively, Third-Party Infringement).

(b)Control. The Party having the right to control the defense or enforcement of the relevant Patents in accordance with Section 9.2 or Section 9.3 shall keep the other Party informed of the status of the defense or enforcement of the relevant Patents in connection with the Third-Party Infringement
action, but shall be free to settle or otherwise resolve the Third-Party Infringement as it determines appropriate.

(c)Recoveries. Any recoveries resulting from such an action relating to a claim of Third-Party Infringement shall be first applied against payment of each Partys
costs and expenses in connection therewith. Any remainder will be (i) shared by the Parties 60%/40% (OPKO/Entera) if the recovery is made prior to the Opt-Out Date, and (ii) retained by the enforcing Party if the recovery is made on or after to the
Opt-Out Date; provided, however, in the case of (ii), that (A) any portion of such remainder in connection with a Third-Party Infringement of a Patent within the Entera Licensed Technology or the Joint Patents that is attributable to lost profits
with respect to a Collaboration Product in the Field shall be paid to OPKO and shall be subject to the 85%/15% (OPKO/Entera) allocation as if such portion were Proceeds under this Agreement; and (B) notwithstanding (A), if Entera is the enforcing
Party by virtue of exercising its step-in rights under Section 9.2
or Section 9.3, such remainder shall be shared evenly (50/50) by
the Parties.

9.5Patent
Extensions. As between the Parties, the Party with the first right to control the Prosecution of a Patent in accordance with Section 9.2 will in its sole discretion determine whether (and for which Patents) it will apply to seek patent term restoration (including under the Drug Price Competition
and Patent Term Restoration Act), supplemental protection certificates or their equivalents, and patent term extensions in any jurisdiction.

9.6Regulatory
Listings. As between the Parties, OPKO (or its designee) will have the sole right to list, with the applicable Regulatory Authorities, all applicable Patents for a Collaboration Product, including all so-called Purple Book or Orange
Book listings required under the PHSA, and all similar listings in any other relevant countries. For the avoidance of doubt, OPKO will retain final decision-making authority with respect to the listing of all applicable Patents for any Collaboration
Product, and will retain the right to perform all actions of a reference product sponsor set forth in the U.S. Hatch-Waxman Act or PHSA (and any foreign equivalent of such laws), regardless of which Party owns such Patent or controls the Prosecution
of such Patent, and Entera will reasonably assist OPKO in connection therewith.

29

10.REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

10.1Mutual
Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Each of OPKO, OPKO Health and Entera hereby represents and warrants to each of OPKO, OPKO Health and Entera, as applicable, as of the Effective Date, and covenants, as applicable, as follows:

(a)Corporate Existence and Power. It is a company or corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which
it is incorporated, and has full corporate power and authority and the legal right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and as contemplated in this Agreement, including the right to
grant the licenses granted by it hereunder.

(b)Authority and Binding Agreement.

(i)It has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder.

(ii)It has taken all necessary corporate action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder.

(iii)This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Party, and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party that is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.

(c)No Conflicting Agreements. It is not a party to and shall not enter into any agreement that would prevent it from granting the rights or exclusivity granted or
intended to be granted to each of OPKO, OPKO Health and Entera, as applicable, under this Agreement or performing its obligations under this Agreement.

(d)Compliance. It is not debarred, has not been convicted, and is not subject to debarment or conviction pursuant to Section 306 of the FD&C Act. In the course
of the performance of the Development Activities, such Party shall not use any employee, consultant, agent or independent contractor who has been debarred by any Regulatory Authority, or, to such Partys knowledge, is the subject of debarment
proceedings by a Regulatory Authority or has been convicted pursuant to Section 306 of the FD&C Act. To the actual knowledge of such Party, no person on any of the FDA clinical investigator enforcement lists (including the (i)
Disqualified/Totally Restricted List; (ii) Restricted List; and (iii) Adequate Assurances List) will participate in the performance of any activities hereunder.

(e)Laws. It shallcomply with the
Applicable Law in the course of performing its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

10.2Additional
Representations and Warranties of Entera. Entera represents and warrants to OPKO and OPKO Health, as of the Effective Date, that:

(a)No
officer or employee of Entera is subject to any agreement with any Third Party that requires such officer or employee to assign any interest in any Entera Licensed Technology to any Third Party.

(b)Entera
solely and exclusively owns all of the Entera Licensed Technology in existence as of the Effective Date, free and clear of all encumbrances, and is listed in the records of the appropriate Regulatory Authorities as the sole and exclusive owner of
record for each registration, grant, and application included in such Entera Licensed Technology.

30

(c)To
Enteras knowledge: (i) there are no Patents or Know-How that are Controlled by any Third Party that would be infringed or misappropriated by the development, manufacture, or commercialization of the Entera Platform or Oral Products, and no claim
or litigation has been brought or asserted alleging that any Patents or other intellectual property rights with respect to the Entera Platform are invalid or unenforceable; and (ii) no person is (or threatens to be) infringing or misappropriating
any Patents or Know-How Controlled by Entera that claim, cover, or embody the Entera Platform.

(d)Entera
has not received written notice of any claims, and there are no judgments or settlements against or owed by Entera, or to Enteras knowledge, any pending or threatened claims or litigation, in each case relating to the Patents claiming or covering
the Entera Platform.

(e)None
of the Entera Licensed Technology, nor any provision of this Agreement, are subject to any inbound license or other similar agreement with another person or entity regarding any intellectual property right to be licensed hereunder.

(f)Entera
has taken commercially reasonable measures consistent with industry practices to protect the secrecy, confidentiality, and value of all Know-How related to the Entera Platform (including requiring all employees, consultants, and independent
contractors to execute binding and enforceable agreements requiring all such persons to maintain the confidentiality of such Know-How) and such Know-How has not been used, disclosed to, or discovered by any Third Party except pursuant to such
confidentiality agreements and there has not been a breach by any party to such confidentiality agreements.

(g)Entera
has not entered into a funding relationship with a Regulatory Authority that would result in rights to any Oral Product residing in the U.S. government, National Institutes of Health, National Institute for Drug Abuse or other Regulatory Authority
(including counterparts of such agencies in any other countries), and the licenses granted hereunder are not subject to overriding obligations to the U.S. government as set forth in Public Law 96 517 (35 U.S.C. 200 204) or any similar obligations
under the Applicable Laws of any other country with respect to other Regulatory Authorities.

(h)To
Enteras knowledge, the Patents included in the Entera Licensed Technology are valid and enforceable.

(i)Entera
has: (i) filed and prosecuted patent applications within the Entera Background IP in good faith and complied with all duties of disclosure with respect thereto; (ii) not committed any act, or omitted to commit any act, that may cause the Patents
constituting Entera Background IP to expire prematurely or be declared invalid or unenforceable; (iii) paid all application, registration, maintenance, and renewal fees with respect to the Patents constituting Entera Background IP as of the
Effective Date; and (iv) filed all necessary documents and certificates with the relevant agencies with respect to the Patents constituting Entera Background IP as of the Effective Date.

(j)Entera
has not failed to disclose to OPKO any fact or circumstance known to Entera or any of its Affiliates and relating to the Entera Platform that would be reasonably material to OPKO in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
herein, including the occurrence of any Adverse Event with respect to the Entera Platform. To Enteras knowledge, none of the materials provided to OPKO by Entera or its Affiliates contain any untrue statement of a material fact or fail to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

31

(k)The
Purchased Shares are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by Entera other than restrictions on transfer
provided for in this Agreement and arising under applicable securities laws.

(l)The
capitalization of Entera as of the date hereof comprises 140,010,000 Entera Ordinary Shares. As of the date hereof and prior to the issuance of the Purchased Shares, Entera has 41,735,450 Entera Ordinary Shares outstanding. Entera has not issued
any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or other awards under Enteras share incentive plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of convertible or exercisable securities outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
to participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Entera Ordinary Shares or the capital stock of Entera or any Subsidiary, or contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which Entera or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Entera Ordinary Shares or securities exercisable for or convertible into Entera Ordinary Shares or capital stock of Entera or
any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Purchased Shares will not obligate Entera or any Subsidiary to issue Entera Ordinary Shares or other securities to any Person (other than OPKO Health). No further approval or authorization of any
shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Purchased Shares. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no shareholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to
Enteras or any Subsidiarys capital stock to which Entera or any Subsidiary is a party.

(m)Entera
has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Entera under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years immediately preceding
the Effective Date (or such shorter period as Entera was required by Applicable Law to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to
herein as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Entera has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements of Entera included in the SEC Reports
complied, at the time of filing thereof with the Commission, in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of Entera and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal,
immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. During the period of engagement of Enteras accountants, there have been no disagreements between the accounting firm and Entera on any matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure or auditing scope or procedures that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K. Entera has made and kept books and records and accounts which are in reasonable detail and which fairly and accurately reflect the
activities of Entera in all material respects, subject only to year-end adjustments.

32

(n)Entera
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission
thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof. Entera and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Entera and the
Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for Entera and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by Entera in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms.

(o)The
Entera Ordinary Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and Entera has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Entera Ordinary
Shares under the Exchange Act nor has Entera received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, Entera has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the Effective
Date, received notice from NASDAQ to the effect that Entera is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of NASDAQ. The Entera Ordinary Shares are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company
or another established clearing corporation, and Entera is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

10.3Entera
Covenants. Entera hereby covenants to OPKO that, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement:

(a)Entera
will not, and will cause its Affiliates not to, grant to any Third Party any rights that would be inconsistent or conflict with rights purported to be granted to OPKO under this Agreement, nor shall Entera assign any of its rights, title, or
interests in or to the Entera Licensed Technology to any Third Party except as permitted in Section 14.4.

(b)Neither
Entera nor any of its Affiliates shall: (i) terminate or modify any existing license or other material agreement to which Entera is a Party relating to the Entera Platform or the subject matter of this Agreement, or exercise, waive, release, or
assign any rights or claims thereunder, without first obtaining OPKOs prior written consent in each case; (ii) breach, or otherwise default under, any such agreement(s); or (iii) commit any act (or failure to act), in each case (of (i)-(iii)) that
would result in a loss of rights, or otherwise adversely affect the rights, of OPKO, its Affiliates, or its sublicensees hereunder or would permit the counterparty(ies) to any such agreement(s), as applicable, to exercise their respective
termination rights under such agreements. Without limiting the foregoing, if Entera receives notice of an alleged default by Entera or its Affiliates under any such agreement, where termination of such agreement could be sought by the counterparty
or result from such default, then Entera will promptly, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof, provide written notice thereof to OPKO and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, grant OPKO the right
(but not the obligation) to: (x) cure such alleged breach or default (to the extent permitted under the terms of such agreement); and (y) offset any costs or expenses incurred in connection therewith against any payments due or that may become due
under this Agreement, and such costs and expenses shall be borne 100% by Entera and 0% by OPKO (i.e., shall not be subject to the 60/40% or 85%/15% allocations described herein).

33

(c)All
employees, officers, and consultants of Entera or any of its Affiliates who are involved in the Development Activities or other activities contemplated under this Agreement have executed or will execute agreements effectively assigning to Entera,
or have existing obligations under Applicable Laws requiring assignment to Entera of, all inventions made during the course of and as the result of their association with Entera, free from any lien or encumbrance, and obligating each such
individual to maintain as confidential Enteras Confidential Information as well as all confidential information of other parties (including the confidential information of OPKO and its Affiliates and sublicensees) that such individual may receive
in connection with the activities contemplated under this Agreement.

(d)Entera
will keep OPKO apprised, via the JSC at regularly scheduled JSC meetings or otherwise, of all material developments with respect to the Entera Platform, including any and all Adverse Events with respect to the Entera Platform.

10.4Additional
Representations and Warranties of OPKO Health. OPKO Health represents and warrants to Entera, as of the Effective Date, that:

(a)Except
for the Purchased Shares, neither OPKO Health nor any of its Affiliates owns, beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) or of record, any Entera Ordinary Shares or any or securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for Entera Ordinary Shares. OPKO Health is an accredited investor, as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and it acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Entera Ordinary Shares acquired hereunder are restricted securities as defined by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, are not
registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and are being offered and sold by Entera to OPKO Health in reliance upon exemptions from registration contained in, or promulgated under, the Securities Act, and (ii) such
shares may not be sold, transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws or, in the opinion of counsel (reasonably satisfactory to Entera) that,
registration under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws is not required.

34

(b)OPKO
Health agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by Section 7.2(c), of a legend on the Purchased Shares in the following form:

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY
NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

10.5 Anti-Corruption
Compliance.

(a)Each
Party represents and warrants to the other Party, as of the Effective Date or as applicable covenants to the other Party, that:

(i)Neither it nor any other of its applicable indemnitees has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of any Anti-Corruption Laws;

(ii)It and its applicable indemnitees will conduct their business in compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws; and

(iii)It has and shall have all necessary procedures in place to ensure it and its applicable indemnitees do not violate the Anti-Corruption Laws, and has trained or will train its applicable indemnitees to comply with these procedures. It
shall immediately notify the other Party if it or its applicable indemnitees has any information or suspicion that there may be a violation of the Anti-Corruption Laws, including in the event it becomes aware that any of its applicable indemnitees
is in violation of the Anti-Corruption Laws.

(b)Upon
written notice, either Party may conduct an investigation and audit (the method of which shall be at the sole discretion of such Party) of the other Partys policies, books, records, and accounts to verify compliance with this Section 10.5. Such other Party will cooperate fully with such
investigation and audit.

10.6No
Other Representations or Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR NON-MISAPPROPRIATION OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IS MADE OR GIVEN BY OR ON BEHALF OF A PARTY. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW
OR OTHERWISE, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.

11.INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnification
by Entera. Subject to the remainder of this Article 11,
Entera shall defend, indemnify, and hold OPKO, its Affiliates, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, subcontractors, and agents (the OPKO Indemnitees) harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, damages, fees, expenses or other amounts payable to a Third Party claimant, as well as any reasonable attorneys fees and costs of litigation
incurred by such OPKO Indemnitees (Damages), all to the extent resulting from any claims, suits, proceedings or causes of action brought by such
Third Party (Third-Party Claims) against such OPKO Indemnitee arising from: (a) a breach of any of Enteras representations, warranties or
obligations under this Agreement; (b) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of any Entera Indemnitee; or (c) violation of Applicable Law by any Entera Indemnitee; provided, however, that Enteras obligations pursuant to this Section 11.1 will not apply to the extent such Third-Party Claims or
Damages (i) constitute Shared Program Damages or (ii) result from any events or activities described in Section 11.2.

35

11.2Indemnification
by OPKO. Subject to the remainder of this Article 11,
OPKO shalldefend, indemnify, and hold Entera, its Affiliates, and its Subcontractors, and its and its Affiliates
respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (the Entera Indemnitees) harmless from and against any and all Damages, all to the extent
resulting from any Third-Party Claims against such Entera Indemnitee arising from: (a) a breach of any of OPKOs representations, warranties or obligations under this Agreement; (b) the willful misconduct or negligent acts of any OPKO Indemnitee; or
(c) violation of Applicable Law by any OPKO Indemnitee; provided, however, that OPKOs obligations pursuant to this Section 11.2 will not apply to the extent such Third-Party Claims or Damages (i) constitute Shared Program Damages or (ii) result from any events or activities described in Section 11.1.

11.3Indemnification
Procedures. The Party claiming indemnity under this Article 11
(the Indemnified Party) shallgive written notice to the Party from whom indemnity is being sought (the Indemnifying Party) promptly after learning of
the Third-Party Claim for which indemnity is being sought. The Indemnifying Partys obligation to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless pursuant to Section 11.1 or Section 11.2, as applicable, shallbe reduced to the extent the Indemnified Partys delay
in providing notification pursuant to the previous sentence results in material prejudice to the Indemnifying Party. At its option, the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense and have exclusive control, at its own expense, of any Third-Party Claim
for which indemnity is being sought by giving written notice to the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice of such Third-Party Claim; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not agree to any settlement of
such Third-Party Claim under terms that would require the Indemnified Party to pay any money, forego any right, admit any wrongdoing or otherwise be prejudiced, without the Indemnified Partys prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned, or delayed). The Indemnified Party shallprovide the Indemnifying Party with reasonable assistance, at the
Indemnifying Partys expense, in connection with such defense. The Indemnified Party may participate in and monitor such defense with counsel of its own choosing at its sole expense.

11.4Certain
Third-Party Claims Related to Collaboration Product in the Territory. During the Term, the Parties shall share in any Shared Program Damages in the same percentages as those applicable to the sharing of Development Costs and Proceeds
(i.e., 60%/40% (OPKO/Entera) before the Opt-Out Date and 85%/15% (OPKO/Entera) after the Opt-Out Date). With respect to any Shared Program Damages incurred by a Party (or any of its indemnified Persons) during the Term, such Shared Program Damages
shall be deemed to constitute (and shall be included in) Development Costs or Proceeds, as applicable (and the Parties shall cooperate in good faith to allocate such amount(s) to the appropriate cost category) and shall be shared by the Parties in
accordance with Article 7. If either Party receives notice of a
Third-Party Claim that arises from or is based on any Shared Program Activities, such Party shall inform the other Party in writing as soon as reasonably practicable, and the Parties shall discuss a strategy on how to defend against such Third-Party
Claim. The foregoing terms shall apply, mutatis mutandis, with respect to the sharing and allocation of any Shared Program Recoveries between the Parties.

36

11.5Limitation
of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CLAIMS
ARISING HEREUNDER, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY,
THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY WITH RESPECT TO FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF A PARTY, NOR WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF A BREACH OF SECTION 2.4, ARTICLE 9, SECTION 10.3, ARTICLE 12, OR
ARISING OUT OF THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 11.1
OR SECTION 11.2.

11.6 Insurance.
Each Party shall obtain and maintain at all times during the Term such types and amounts of insurance, as are normal and customary for a similarly situated company, in part to cover its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Upon request
by a Party, the other Party shall provide to such Party evidence of such insurance.

12.CONFIDENTIALITY

12.1Confidential
Information.

(a)The
activities undertaken hereunder may involve the exchange of certain confidential and proprietary information of the Parties, including inventions, ideas, processes, trade secrets, research and development activities, information technology systems,
specifications, designs, Know-How, drawings, business and marketing plans, financial data, policies, procedures, and other information in written, oral or physical/sample form (collectively, Confidential Information). The Party disclosing Confidential Information shall be the Disclosing
Party and the Party receiving such Confidential Information shall be the Receiving Party. The Receiving Party shall maintain in
confidence the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party with the same degree of care that it uses to protect its own most sensitive Confidential Information, and shall not disclose, use or grant the use of the Confidential Information of
the Disclosing Party except on a need-to-know basis to the Receiving Partys directors, officers, employees, contractors, advisors and other vendors, in each case solely to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary in connection with the
Receiving Partys performance of activities or exercise of rights as authorized by this Agreement.

(b)To the
extent that disclosure to any person is authorized by this Agreement, prior to disclosure, the Receiving Party shall obtain, or shall have obtained, written agreement of such person to hold in confidence and not disclose, use or grant the use of
the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party except as expressly permitted under this Agreement.

(c)Each
Party shall notify the other Party promptly upon discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the other Partys Confidential Information.

37

12.2Exceptions.

(a)The
obligations and restrictions herein shall not apply to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party that falls within any of the following exceptions, provided that such information:

(i)is or becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the Receiving Party;

(ii)was known by the Receiving Party prior to the disclosure by the Disclosing Party;

(iii)was independently developed by or on behalf of the Receiving Party without use of, reliance upon, or reference to, the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information; or

(iv)has been properly received by the Receiving Party from a Third Party who is not under any obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such information, and without breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party.

(b)Notwithstanding
the foregoing, all Know-How constituting:

(i)Entera Information and Inventions are the Confidential Information of both Parties; and

(ii)OPKO Information and Inventions are and shall remain the Confidential Information of OPKO.

(c)Nothing
in this Agreement shall prevent a Party from using any Know-How that is in the public domain. A Party shall also not be restricted under, and shall not be in breach of, this Agreement from using, within or outside this Agreement and for any
purpose, any general knowledge, skill, and expertise acquired by its employees (or its Affiliates employees) in their performance of this Agreement (Residual
Information) to the extent such Residual Information is retained in the unaided human memory of such employees in intangible form and without use by the Party or such employees of tangible copies of any Confidential Information of the
other Party; provided that this provision will not be deemed in any event to provide any right to infringe the Patent rights of the other Party or of Third Parties that have licensed or provided materials to the other Party and this section is not
intended to grant, and will not be deemed to grant the Receiving Party: (i) a right to disclose the Disclosing Partys Confidential Information; or (ii) a license under any Patents or other intellectual property right of the Disclosing Party; and
provided further that a Partys use of such Residual Information is on an as is, where is basis, with all faults and all representations and warranties disclaimed and at such Partys sole risk.

12.3Disclosures.
If the Receiving Party or its representatives are requested to disclose any Confidential Information (including any notes) in connection with any legal or administrative proceeding or investigation, pursuant to rules of a securities exchange, or
otherwise pursuant to Applicable Law, the Receiving Party shallnotify the Disclosing Party promptly in writing of the
existence, terms and circumstances surrounding such a request (except where notice is prohibited by law) so that the Disclosing Party may, in its sole discretion and at its sole expense, seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or take
steps to resist or narrow the scope of the disclosure sought by such request. The Receiving Party agrees to reasonably assist the Disclosing Party in seeking a protective order or other remedy, if requested by the Disclosing Party. The Receiving
Party or its representatives shall furnish only that portion of the Confidential Information which is legally required to be disclosed. Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to the foregoing shall remain subject to the obligations of
confidentiality and non-use set forth herein.

38

12.4Existence
and Terms of Agreement. The existence of this Agreement, including the terms and conditions contained herein, shall be the Confidential Information of each Party, with each Party treated as the Receiving Party, and neither Party shall
disclose the existence or any terms or conditions of this Agreement to any Third Party without the prior consent of the other Party, including by virtue of a press release; provided, however, that a Party may disclose the existence or terms or
conditions of this Agreement: (a) on a need-to-know basis to its legal and financial advisors (provided that such advisors are subject to ethical or other confidentiality obligations) to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary in
connection with such Partys performance of activities or exercise of rights under this Agreement; (b) to the extent such disclosure is required to comply with Applicable Law, including the rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission or any
equivalent governmental authority or securities exchange; provided that in such event, the Party that intends to make a disclosure pursuant to this clause (b) shall provide the other Party a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure and
reasonably consider the other Partys comments regarding confidential treatment sought for such disclosure; and (c) to a Third Party under customary written confidentiality terms (which may include a template confidentiality agreement approved by the
JSC) in connection with: (i) an equity investment in such Party by a Third Party; (ii) an actual or potential merger, consolidation, license, collaboration or similar transaction entered into by such Party; or (iii) the actual or potential sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of such Party.

12.5 Duration.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for purposes of this Agreement, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use obligations hereunder shall survive for five (5) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement,
except that the obligations with respect to Confidential Information that is a trade secret under Applicable Law shall continue to survive thereafter for so long as such Confidential Information remains a trade secret under Applicable Law.

12.6Press
Release. The Parties agree that the public announcement of the execution of this Agreement shall be substantially in the form of the press release(s) attached as Schedule 12.6. Any other publication, news release or other public announcement relating to this Agreement or
to the performance hereunder, shall first be reviewed and approved by both Parties.

12.7 Publications.
During the Term, each Party (the Publishing Party) shall submit to the other Party (the Non-Publishing Party) for review and approval any proposed academic, scientific and medical publication or public presentation that contains the Non-Publishing Partys Confidential Information or
relates to a Collaboration Product. Such review and approval will be conducted for the purposes of preserving the value of the intellectual property licensed hereunder and determining whether any portion of the proposed publication or presentation
containing the Non-Publishing Partys Confidential Information should be modified or deleted. Written copies of such proposed publication or presentation required to be submitted hereunder shall be submitted to the Non-Publishing Party no later than
sixty (60) days before submission for publication or presentation. The Non-Publishing Party shall provide its comments with respect to such publications and presentations within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such written copy. The sixty (60) day
review period may be extended for an additional thirty (30) days if the Non-Publishing Party demonstrates reasonable need for such extension, including for the preparation and filing of patent applications. The Publishing Party will comply with
standard academic practice regarding authorship of scientific publications and recognition of the contribution of other parties in any publication governed by this Section
12.7, including International Committee of Medical Journal Editors standards regarding authorship and contributions. For the sake of clarity, (x)
where Entera is the Publishing Party, Entera shall not include in its academic, scientific and medical publications and public presentations any pre-clinical and clinical data and results relating to a Collaboration Product, including any such data
and results provided to OPKO under this Agreement, without OPKOs prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld and (y) in all cases, the Publishing Partys obligation to submit any publication to the Non-Publishing Party for
review and approval under this Section 12.7 shall not apply to any
publication that does not contain the Non-Publishing Partys Confidential Information or relate in any manner to a Collaboration Product.

39

13.TERM AND TERMINATION

13.1Term.
This Agreement willcommence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 13.2, willcontinue in full force and effect with respect to the Territory either (i) indefinitely; or (ii) in the case of an Opt-Out under Article 8, for so long as Proceeds are being received by OPKO (collectively, the Term).

13.2Termination.

(a)Termination for Breach. Either Party may terminate this Agreement with written notice to the other Party if such other Party materially breaches its obligations
under this Agreement and fails to cure such material breach within ninety (90) days from the date of such notice; provided, that if such breach is capable of being cured but cannot be cured within such ninety (90) day period and the breaching Party
initiates actions to cure such breach within such period and thereafter diligently pursues such actions, the breaching Party shall have such additional period as is reasonable in the circumstances to cure such breach. Any dispute regarding: (i) the
existence or materiality of a breach specified in a notice provided by a Party in accordance with this Section 13.2(a); or (ii) whether a material breach has been cured within the applicable cure period described in this Section
13.2(a) will be resolved in accordance with the dispute resolution procedures (including litigation) described in Section 14.10. No purported termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 13.2(a) shall take effect until the resolution of such
dispute, and the period for cure of such alleged breach shall be tolled during the pendency of any dispute with respect to an alleged breach. If it is ultimately determined that the breaching Party committed such material breach, then the breaching
Party will have the right to cure such material breach after such determination within the applicable ninety (90) day cure period which will commence as of the date of such determination. Any termination by any Party under this Section 13.2(a) and the effects of termination provided herein shall
be without prejudice to any damages or other legal or equitable remedies to which it may be entitled.

(b)Termination for Convenience. OPKO may terminate this Agreement for any reason and without liability upon sixty (60) days written notice to Entera. Entera will
not to incur any additional Development Costs after receiving notice of termination from OPKO and will use commercially reasonable efforts to reduce any Development Costs for which it seeks reimbursement hereunder already committed to the extent
cancellable or able to be mitigated.

(c)Termination for Insolvency. If, at any time during the Term, either Party makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, appoints or suffers appointment of a
receiver or trustee over all or substantially all of its property, files a petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency act or has any such petition filed against it that is not discharged within sixty (60) days after the filing thereof, the other
Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety by providing written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement to such Party, in which case, this Agreement shall terminate on the date on which such Party receives such written notice.

40

(d)Termination for Bankruptcy Code Rejection. OPKO may terminate this
Agreement in its entirety or on a Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product or country-by-country basis in the event Entera rejects this Agreement under Section 365 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq. (the BankruptcyCode) or under any similar laws in
any other country in the Territory.

(e)Termination for Material Safety Issue. In the event Material Safety Issue is reasonably likely to not be resolved, or is not actually resolved, within twelve
(12) months following the date on which the Material Safety Issue is identified, then unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties, this Agreement shall terminate upon the date that is twelve (12) months after the first date of discussion
between the Parties of the Material Safety Issue.

13.3 Special
Remedy for OPKO. In the event that OPKO has the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.2(a) (Termination for Breach) (excluding terminations for a material breach due to payment obligations), then OPKO may elect in lieu of termination of this Agreement for the applicable
breach, but without limiting any other rights or remedies available to OPKO, any or all of the following upon written notice from OPKO: (a) cause Entera to exercise the Opt-Out, with the Opt-Out Date deemed to occur as of the date indicated in the
written notice from OPKO; (b) reduce the amount of any payment obligations of OPKO hereunder with respect to Proceeds by fifty percent (50%); (c) OPKO shall have the right to offset the full amount of any damages it has suffered as a result of
Enteras breach against any amounts owed to Entera hereunder; (d) Entera will promptly return to OPKO or destroy any Confidential Information of OPKO in its possession that is not necessary for Entera to perform its remaining obligations hereunder;
and (e) Enteras rights (if any) to Prosecute or enforce (including step-in rights) any Joint Patents will terminate. The foregoing remedies may be exercised only once within twelve (12) months after the date on which OPKO had the right to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.2(a) (Termination for
Breach), and if so elected by OPKO, be binding on OPKO. For clarity, OPKO shall have the right to seek any remedies available at law or in equity where OPKO elects not to invoke the special remedy.

13.4Effects
of Expiration or Termination.

(a)General.

(i)Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, each Party shallpromptly return to the other
Party (or as directed by such other Party destroy and certify to such other Party in writing as to such destruction) all of such other Partys Confidential Information that is in the possession or control of such Party (or any of its Affiliates,
(sub)licensees or subcontractors), except that such Party shallhave the right to retain copies of intangible
Confidential Information of such other Party for legal purposes (e.g., monitoring its compliance with obligations under this Agreement).

41

(ii)If Entera terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.2(a)(Termination for Breach) or OPKO terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section
13.2(b) (Termination for Convenience), no later than thirty (30) days following the effective date of termination, Entera shall provide written
notice to OPKO whether it desires to obtain an exclusive (or non-exclusive), worldwide, royalty-bearing license under certain OPKO Technology used and Controlled by OPKO as of the effective date of termination in the Development or
Commercialization of Collaboration Products as they exist as of the effective date of termination that (i) cover Collaboration Products and (ii) were conceived or reduced to practice by OPKO or its Affiliates in the course of activities performed
under this Agreement, to the extent necessary or reasonably useful to Develop and Commercialize any Collaboration Products in the Field in the Territory. In the event that Entera timely elects in writing to receive such license, then the Parties
shall negotiate a definitive agreement for such license in good faith for ninety (90) days, which such license shall be on fair market and commercially reasonable terms that shall take into account the stage of Development or Commercialization as
of the effective date of termination and relative contribution by each Party in such Development and Commercialization. Such definitive agreement shall contain customary terms and conditions surrounding (A) an appropriate technology transfer to
Entera or its designee of the OPKO Technology to be licensed thereunder, (B) transfer and assignment of appropriate Marketing Approvals and regulatory filings held by OPKO with respect to the Collaboration Product; provided that if such transfer
and assignment is not permitted by the applicable Regulatory Authority, OPKO would agree to permit Entera to cross-reference and rely upon such Marketing Approvals and regulatory filings, (C) the sale of appropriate Collaboration Product and all
components and in-process inventory with respect thereto existing as of the date of execution of the definitive agreement, at a commercially reasonable price to be agreed upon by the Parties, and (D) to the extent OPKO determines, in its sole
discretion, that it is practicable and commercially reasonable to do so, assignment or partial assignment to Entera (or its designee) of any agreements with Third Parties that relate to the Development or Commercialization of the Collaboration
Products. With respect to Third Party agreements that OPKO does assign to Entera pursuant to clause (D) above, OPKO would, to the extent OPKO determines, in its sole discretion, that it is practicable and commercially reasonable to do so, use
reasonable efforts at Enteras sole cost and expense, to give Entera the benefit of such contracts for a reasonable transitional period to be agreed upon by the Parties (but not to exceed (12) months). If after ninety (90) days, the Parties have
not executed a definitive agreement with respect to such license, OPKO shall have no further obligations to Entera with respect to such OPKO Technology.

(iii)Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice to any rights or financial compensation that shall have accrued to the benefit of a Party prior to such expiration or termination, provided that
OPKO shall have no obligation to make any milestone payments for milestones achieved between the date of the notice of termination and the effective date of such termination. Such expiration or termination shall not relieve a Party from obligations
that are expressly indicated to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(iv)If this Agreement expires or is terminated, the JSC shall automatically be dissolved as of the effective date of such termination; provided that the JSC has not been earlier disbanded.

(b)Other Remedies. Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shallnot constitute a waiver or release of, or otherwise be deemed to prejudice or adversely affect, any rights, remedies or claims, whether for damages or otherwise, that a Party may have
hereunder or that may arise out of or in connection with such termination or expiration.

42

(c)Survival. The following provisions shallsurvive
and apply after expiration or termination of this Agreement: Articles 1,
7 (except for Section 7.2 and solely with respect to payments owing as of the effective date of termination or expiration) and 14;
Sections 2.1(c), 4.3(c), 7.2
(solely for the time periods prescribed therein), 9.1, 10.3(a),
10.3(b) (solely with respect to the first sentence), 10.3(c), 10.4(b), 10.5, 11.1-11.3
(inclusive), 11.5, 12.1-12.5 (inclusive and solely for the time periods prescribed in Section 12.5) and 12.6; and this Section 13.4(c).

13.5 Rights
in Bankruptcy.

(a)The
Parties agree that this Agreement constitutes an executory contract under Section 365 of the Bankruptcy Code for the license of intellectual property as defined under Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code and constitutes a license of intellectual
property for purposes of any similar laws in any other country in the Territory. The Parties further agree that OPKO, as licensee of such rights under this Agreement, will retain and may fully exercise all of its protections, rights and elections
under the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, and any similar laws in any other country in the Territory. In the event of the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against Entera under the Bankruptcy Code and
any similar laws in any other country in the Territory, OPKO will be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete access to, as appropriate) any such intellectual property and all embodiments of such intellectual property, and the same, if not
already in its possession, will be promptly delivered to it: (i) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding upon its written request therefor, unless Entera elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement; or
(ii) if not delivered under clause (i) above, following the rejection of this Agreement by or on behalf of Entera upon written request therefor by OPKO.

(b)All
rights, powers and remedies of OPKO provided for in this Section are in addition to and not in substitution for any and all other rights, powers and remedies now or hereafter existing at law or in equity (including under the Bankruptcy Code and any
similar laws in any other country in the Territory). In the event of an insolvency event (as described in Section 13.2(c)) in relation to Entera, OPKO, in addition to the rights, power and remedies expressly provided herein, shall be entitled to exercise all other such rights and powers and resort
to all other such remedies as may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity (including under the Bankruptcy Code). The Parties intend the following OPKO rights to extend to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, including for purposes of
the Bankruptcy Code: (i) the right of access to any intellectual property (including all embodiments thereof) of Entera, or any Third Party with whom Entera contracts to perform an obligation of Entera under this Agreement that is necessary for the
development, manufacture or commercialization of a Collaboration Product; (ii) the right to contract directly with any Third Party described in (i) to complete the contracted work; and (iii) the right to cure any breach of or default under any such
agreement with a Third Party and set off the costs thereof against amounts payable to Entera under this Agreement.

14.MISCELLANEOUS

14.1Entire
Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement, including the Exhibits hereto, sets forth the complete, final and exclusive agreement and all the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and understandings between
the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties existing as of the Effective Date with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any inconsistency
between the terms contained in the Development Plan and the terms contained in the remainder of this Agreement, the terms contained in the remainder of this Agreement willprevail to the extent of such conflict. There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between the Parties other
than as are set forth herein and therein. No subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement willbe
binding upon the Parties unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized officer of each Party.

43

14.2Force Majeure. Both Parties willbe excused from the timely performance of their obligations under
this Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented or delayed by Force Majeure and the nonperforming Party promptly provides notice of the prevention to the other Party.

14.3Notices.
Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement willbe in writing, willspecifically refer to this Agreement, and willbe addressed to the appropriate Party at the address specified below or such other address as may be specified by such Party in writing in accordance with this Section 14.3, and willbe deemed to have been given for all purposes: (a) when received, if hand-delivered or sent by a reputable international expedited delivery service; or (b) five (5) Business Days after mailing, if mailed by
first class certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. This Section 14.3 is not intended to govern the day-to-day business communications necessary between the Parties in performing their obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

If to OPKO:

OPKO Biologics Ltd.

16 Ashlegan St.,

Kiryat Gat 8211804, Israel

Attention: Gabi Faibish, VP Operations and General Counsel

Email: gfaibish@opko.com

If to Entera:

Entera Bio Ltd.

Kiryat Hadassah, PO Box 12117

Jerusalem, Israel

Attention: Miranda Toledano, Chief Executive Officer

Email: miranda@enterabio.com

With a required copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Goodwin Procter, LLP

100 Northern Avenue

Boston, MA 02210 USA

Attention: Shannyn Henke

Email: SHenke@goodwinlaw.com

44

14.4 Assignment.
Neither Party may assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned), except a Party may make such an
assignment without the other Partys consent to an Affiliate or to a Third Party successor to all or substantially all of the business of such Party to which this Agreement relates, whether in a merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or other
transaction. In addition, OPKO may, without the consent of Entera, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to a Collaboration Product to a Third Party in the event that OPKO or one of its Affiliates divests rights to such
Collaboration Product. This Agreement willbe binding on the successors of the assigning Party. Any assignment or
attempted assignment by either Party in violation of the terms of this Section 14.4
willbe null and void.

14.5Expenses.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Party willpay the fees and expenses of its respective
lawyers and other experts and all other expenses and costs incurred by such Party incidental to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

14.6Severability.
If any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or by any court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken, the provision willbe considered severed from this Agreement and willnot serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof.

14.7No
Waiver. Any delay in enforcing a Partys rights under this Agreement or any waiver as to a particular default or other matter willnot constitute a waiver of such Partys rights to the future enforcement of its rights under this Agreement, except with respect to an express written and signed waiver relating to a particular matter for a
particular period of time.

14.8Independent
Contractors; Relationship. Each Party willact solely as an independent contractor, and nothing in this
Agreement willbe construed to give either Party the power or authority to act for, bind, or commit the other Party in
any way. Nothing herein willbe construed to create the relationship of partners, principal and agent, or joint-venture
partners between the Parties. Neither Party shall report this Agreement or the relationship between the Parties as a partnership for tax purposes unless required by Applicable Law. There are no intended Third-Party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

14.9Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and electronically.

14.10Choice
of Law; Venue. This Agreement will be governed by, and enforced and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of: (a) the courts of the State of New York located in New York, NY; or (b) the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, for the purposes of any actions, suits and proceedings (collectively, Actions) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (except for government agency actions to adjudicate registered intellectual property
rights, e.g., post-grant proceedings at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other foreign equivalent proceedings). Each Party agrees to commence any such Action either in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York or if such
Action may not be brought in such court for jurisdictional reasons, in the courts of the State of New York located in New York, NY. Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action in such courts.
Process may be served upon it in the manner specified in Section 14.3.
Each Party irrevocably waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection which it might otherwise have to such jurisdiction, or to such manner of service of process. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the interpretation and
construction of any Patent will be governed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Patent was filed or granted, as the case may be.

45

14.11Use
of Names. Except as expressly provided herein, neither Party will use the name, logo, or trademark of the other Party or any of its Affiliates (or any abbreviation or adaptation thereof) in any publication, press release, marketing and
promotional material, or other form of publicity without the prior written approval of such other Party in each instance. The restrictions imposed by this Section 14.11 will not prohibit either Party from making any disclosure as permitted under Section
12.3 or Section 12.4, identifying the other Party that is required by Applicable Law.

14.12Interpretation.
Except where the context expressly requires otherwise: (a) the use of any gender herein will be deemed to encompass references to either or both genders, and the use of the singular will be deemed to include the plural (and vice versa); (b) the words
include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation; (c) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall; (d) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein will be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments,
supplements or modifications set forth herein); (e) any reference herein to any person or entity will be construed to include the persons or entitys successors and assigns; (f) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar
import, will be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof; (g) all references herein to Articles, Sections, or Exhibits will be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, or Exhibits of this
Agreement, and references to this Agreement include all attachments hereto; (h) references to drugs or pharmaceutical products or therapies include biological products or therapies; (i) references to any specific law, rule or regulation, or
article, section or other division thereof, will be deemed to include the then-current amendments thereto or any replacement or successor law, rule or regulation thereof; (j) any action or occurrence deemed to be effective as of a particular date
will be deemed to be effective as of 11:59 PM ET on such date; and (k) the term or will be interpreted in the inclusive sense commonly associated with the term or (and/or). Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, provisions that require
that a Party, the Parties or any committee hereunder agree, consent or approve or the like will require that such agreement, consent or approval be specific and in writing, whether by written agreement, letter, approved meeting minutes or
otherwise (but, except as expressly set forth herein, excluding e-mail and instant messaging). Whenever any payment is to be made or action to be taken under this Agreement is required to be made or taken on a day other than a Business Day, such
payment will be made or action taken on the next Business Day following such day to make such payment or do such act. The preamble to this Agreement and the descriptive headings of Articles and Sections are inserted solely for convenience of
reference and are not intended as complete or accurate descriptions of the content of this Agreement or of such Articles or Sections.

[Signature Page Follows]

46

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have executed this Collaboration and License Agreement by their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.

OPKO BIOLOGICS LTD.

ENTERA BIO LTD.

By: /s/ Sagit Pinto-Finkel By: /s/ Miranda Toledano

Name: Sagit Pinto-Finkel Name: Miranda Toledano

Title: Vice President Finance Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Laura Moschcovich

Name: Laura Moschcovich 

Title: General Manager 

For purposes of Sections 7.2, 10.1, 10.2 and 10.4 only: 

OPKO HEALTH, INC. 

By: /s/ Steve Rubin

Name: Steve Rubin 

Title: Executive Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO COLLABORATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit_99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

OPKO Health and Entera Bio Enter into Collaboration Agreement to Advance Oral GLP-1/Glucagon Tablet Candidate
into the Clinic to Treat Obesity and Metabolic Disorders

MIAMI and JERUSALEM, March 17, 2025 OPKO
Health, Inc. (NASDAQ: OPK) and Entera Bio Ltd. (NASDAQ: ENTX) , a leader in the development of oral peptides and proteins replacement therapies, entered into a collaboration and license agreement to advance into the clinic the first oral dual
agonist GLP-1/glucagon peptide as a once-daily tablet treatment for patients with obesity, metabolic and fibrotic disorders. The program combines OPKOs proprietary long-acting oxyntomodulin analog (OPK-88006) and Enteras proprietary N-Tab
technology. Favorable pharmacodynamic, pharmacokinetic and bioavailability data in vivo were reported in September 2024. The companies expect to file an Investigational New Drug application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) later this
year.

Under the terms of the agreement, OPKO and Entera will hold 60% and 40% pro-rata ownership interests, respectively, in the program and
be responsible for 60% and 40% of the programs development costs, respectively. In connection with the execution of the agreement, OPKO purchased 3,685,226 ordinary shares of Entera for a purchase price equal to $2.17 per share. Entera has agreed to
utilize the proceeds from the sale of the shares to fund its 40% share of costs through Phase 1 of the development program. Following the completion of the Phase 1 stage, Entera has the option to continue to fund its 40% share to maintain its
pro-rata ownership interest of the program. Should Entera opt-out, Entera will retain a 15% ownership interest in the Oral OXM program, while OPKO will retain 85% and be responsible for ongoing development activities and funding of the program.

We are pleased to continue working with Entera on this promising program to develop the first oral GLP-1/Glucagon dual agonist in
addition to our subcutaneous injectable dual agonist GLP-1/Glucagon program. Our goal with this franchise is to provide additional options for patients with obesity, metabolic and fibrotic diseases, said Phillip Frost, M.D., Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of OPKO.

We have enjoyed our synergistic partnership with OPKO.This
expanded collaboration on the GLP-1/Glucagon program reinforces our shared vision to develop first in class differentiated oral peptide treatments for patients to better manage their health, said Miranda Toledano, Entera Chief Executive Officer.

Oxyntomodulin is a naturally occurring GLP-1/Glucagon dual agonist peptide hormone found in the small intestine that acts to suppress
appetite, induce weight loss and has additional cardioprotective and anti-fibrotic attributes. OPK-88006 is a GLP-1/glucagon dual agonist peptide that has been modified to maintain its long-acting profile while increasing its potential potency.
Currently, there are no approved dual GLP-1/Glucagon agonists available.

About Entera Bio

Entera is a clinical stage company focused on developing oral peptide and protein replacement therapies for significant unmet medical
needs where an oral tablet form holds the potential to transform the standard of care. The Company leverages on a disruptive and proprietary technology platform (N-Tab) and its pipeline includes five differentiated, first-in-class oral peptide
programs targeting PTH(1-34), GLP-1 and GLP-2. The Companys most advanced product candidate, EB613 (oral PTH(1-34)), is being developed as the first oral, osteoanabolic (bone building) once-daily tablet treatment for post-menopausal women with low
BMD and high-risk osteoporosis. A placebo controlled, dose ranging Phase 2 study of EB613 tablets (n= 161) met primary (PD/bone turnover biomarker) and secondary endpoints (BMD). Entera is preparing to initiate a Phase 3 registrational study for
EB613 pursuant to the FDAs qualification of a quantitative BMD endpoint. The EB612 program is being developed as the first oral PTH(1-34) tablet peptide replacement therapy for hypoparathyroidism. Entera is also developing the first oral
oxyntomodulin, a dual targeted GLP1/glucagon peptide, in tablet form for the treatment of obesity; and first oral GLP-2 peptide tablet as an injection-free alternative for patients suffering from rare malabsorption conditions such as short bowel
syndrome in collaboration with OPKO Health. For more information on Entera Bio, visit www.enterabio.com or follow us on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook,
Instagram.

About OPKO Health

OPKO Health is a multinational biopharmaceutical and diagnostics company that seeks to establish industry-leading positions in large,
rapidly growing markets by leveraging its discovery, development and commercialization expertise, and its novel and proprietary technologies. For more information, visit www.opko.com.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements

Various statements in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. All statements (other than statements of historical facts) in this press release, including those regarding our prospects, plans, financial position, business strategy and expected financial and operational results, may
constitute forward-looking statements. Words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, could, expect, estimate, design, goal, intend, may, might, objective, plan, predict, project, target, likely,
should, will and would, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions or words, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks, changes in circumstances,
assumptions and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance or results will be achieved.

Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in Enteras and OPKOs forward-looking
statements include, among others: changes in the interpretation of clinical data; results of our clinical trials; the FDAs interpretation and review of our results from and analysis of our clinical trials; unexpected changes in our ongoing and
planned preclinical development and clinical trials, the timing of and our ability to make regulatory filings and obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates; the potential disruption and delay of manufacturing supply
chains; loss of available workforce resources, whether by Entera, OPKO or their respective collaboration and laboratory partners; impacts to research and development or clinical activities that Entera or OPKO may be contractually obligated to
provide; overall regulatory timelines; the size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates; the scope, progress and costs of developing our product candidates; the parties reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials;
Enteras and OPKOs expectations regarding licensing, business transactions, including OPKOs development efforts should Entera opt-out, and strategic collaborations; Enteras operation as a development stage company with limited operating history;
Enteras ability to continue as a going concern absent access to sources of liquidity; Enteras ability to comply with Nasdaqs minimum listing standards and other matters related to compliance with the requirements of being a public company in
the United States; Enteras and OPKOs intellectual property positions and their ability to protect their respective intellectual property; and other factors that are described in the Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,
Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of each of Enteras and OPKOs most recent Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, as well as the companies respective
subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. There can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by Entera and OPKO will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will
have the expected consequences to, or effects on, Entera or OPKO, as applicable. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the outcomes stated or implied in such forward-looking statements and estimates will be achieved. Entera and OPKO caution
investors not to rely on the forward-looking statements made in this press release. The information in this press release is provided only as of the date of this press release, and neither Entera nor OPKO undertakes any obligation to update or
revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law.

Contacts:

Entera Bio

Miranda Toledano

Chief Executive Officer

miranda@enterabio.com

OPKO Health

Alliance Advisors IR

Yvonne Briggs,310-691-7100

ybriggs@allianceadvisors.com

or 

Bruce Voss,310-691-7100

bvoss@allianceadvisors.com

# # #
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>entx-20250316.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>entx-20250316_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>entx-20250316_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Entity Listings [Table] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 0.0000769 [Member] 

Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for half of an Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $5.85 per Ordinary Share [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>entx-20250316_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image1.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 16, 2025

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 16, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38556

Entity Registrant Name Entera Bio Ltd.

Entity Central Index Key 0001638097

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code L3

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Address, Address Line One KIRYAT HADASSAH, MINRAV BUILDING

Entity Address, Address Line Two FIFTH FLOOR

Entity Address, City or Town JERUSALEM

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 9112002

City Area Code 972

Local Phone Number 2-532-7151

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 0.0000769 [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 0.0000769

Trading Symbol ENTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for half of an Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $5.85 per Ordinary Share [Member] 

Entity Listings [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for half of an Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $5.85 per Ordinary Share

Trading Symbol ENTXW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=entx_OrdinarySharesParValueOfNIS00000769Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=entx_WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForHalfOfAnOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf585PerOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://enterabio.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

entx-20250316.xsd 
entx-20250316_def.xml 
entx-20250316_lab.xml 
entx-20250316_pre.xml 
zk2532871.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001178913-25-000857-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>zk2532871_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001638097 

2025-03-16 
2025-03-16 

0001638097 

entx:OrdinarySharesParValueOfNIS00000769Member 

2025-03-16 
2025-03-16 

0001638097 

entx:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForHalfOfAnOrdinaryShareAtAnExercisePriceOf585PerOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-16 
2025-03-16 

false 
0001638097 
00-0000000 
972 
2-532-7151 
Warrants, each Warrant exercisable for half of an Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $5.85 per Ordinary Share 
ENTXW 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-16 
Entera Bio Ltd. 
L3 
001-38556 
KIRYAT HADASSAH, MINRAV BUILDING 
FIFTH FLOOR 
JERUSALEM 
IL 
9112002 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Ordinary Shares, par value of NIS 0.0000769 
ENTX 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>