<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-001571.txt : 20250107
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-001571.hdr.sgml : 20250107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250107084621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-001571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250107
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001703644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38124
		FILM NUMBER:		25513542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 BRYANT PARK
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2400A
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 364-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 BRYANT PARK
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2400A
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm251866d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000170364400017036442025-01-072025-01-070001703644us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-072025-01-070001703644gpmt:SeriesA700percentageFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockparvaluedollar001pershareMember2025-01-072025-01-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current
Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported):January 7, 2025

Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Maryland 001-38124 61-1843143

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3 Bryant Park, Suite
2400A

New York, NY10036

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 364-5500

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered:

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share GPMT NYSE

7.00%
Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01
per share GPMTPrA NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 7, 2025, Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. (the Company)
announced an upcoming transition in its Chief Operating Officer role. Steven Plust will resign from his role as Vice President, Chief
Operating Officer of the Company no later than May 1, 2025, and he will continue his employment with the Company as Senior Managing Director
for a term that will end no later than December 31, 2027. The Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr.
Plust on January 7, 2025 (the Amended Plust Agreement), which amends and restates the terms of that certain employment
agreement dated as of October 4, 2020 (the Original Plust Agreement), and sets forth the terms of Mr. Plusts
employment before and after his resignation as Chief Operating Officer.

In connection with Mr. Plusts upcoming resignation, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Ethan Lebowitz on January 7, 2025 (the Lebowitz Agreement). This agreement
provides that Mr. Lebowitz will immediately begin serving as Deputy Chief Operating Officer of the Company and will assume the role of
Chief Operating Officer of the Company on May 1, 2025, or such earlier date as Mr. Plust resigns from his role as Chief Operating Officer.

Mr. Lebowitz, age 46, has been with the Company since inception, most
recently serving as a Managing Director focused on sourcing, originating and overseeing commercial mortgage loans. From 2010 to 2015,
he was a Vice President in Prudential Real Estate Investors Global Real Estate Finance Group and from 2005 to 2010, Mr. Lebowitz
was an Associate Director at Five Mile Capital Partners. Prior to that, Mr. Lebowitz served as a member of the Mergers and Acquisitions
group at Banc of America Securities, as well as the Business Development and Strategy group at FleetBoston Financial. Mr. Lebowitz holds
a B.A. in History from Brandeis University.

There are no family relationships, as defined in Item 401(d) of Regulation
S-K, between Mr. Lebowitz and any of the Companys directors or executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen to become a director
or an executive officer. There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Lebowitz and any other person pursuant to which he was selected
as the Companys Chief Operating Officer, and he does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed
transaction required to be disclosed at this time under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Key Terms of the Lebowitz Agreement

Compensation. Mr. Lebowitzs employment agreement provides
that he will receive an initial annual base salary of $500,000. He will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus with a target amount
of 75% of his annual base salary, based on goals established by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, subject to a maximum
payment of 200% of the target bonus.

Mr. Leibowitz will also receive annual grants of equity awards in such
amounts and in a mix of time-based and performance-based restricted stock units as are determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee
of the Board, provided that the award granted in 2025 will consist of 50% time-based and 50% performance-based restricted stock units.
All equity awards granted as restricted stock units under the Lebowitz Agreement will include dividend equivalent rights.

In addition, Mr. Lebowitz will continue to be eligible to participate
in all employee benefit programs made available to the Companys employees generally from time to time.

Severance. If Mr. Lebowitzs employment is terminated
by the Company for a reason other than for Cause or due to his death or disability, or, if he resigns for Good Reason
(as each term is defined in the Lebowitz Agreement) and he executes a release of claims, then he will be entitled to: (1) cash severance
equal to 1.0, multiplied by the sum of his base salary and target bonus then in effect, paid in installments over a period of twelve (12)
months, unless such termination occurs during the time period beginning three months immediately before a Change of Control
(as defined in the employment agreement) and ending twenty-four (24) months immediately following a Change of Control, in which case the
severance multiple will be equal to 1.5, and such cash severance will generally be payable as a lump sum; (2) any unpaid annual cash bonus
from a completed performance period; (3) a prorated annual cash bonus for the performance period during which the termination took place;
(4) continuation of subsidized health care coverage for 18 months or, if earlier, until he and/or his dependents become covered under
a similar plan; and (5) continued or accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards as set forth in the employment agreement.

Restrictive Covenants. The Lebowitz Agreement also contains
covenants relating to the treatment of confidential information and intellectual property matters and restrictions on the ability of Mr.
Lebowitz on the one hand and the Company on the other hand to disparage the other. In addition, the agreement provides that Mr. Lebowitz
will not, without the prior written consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer (1) for a period of six months following the
termination of his employment relationship with the Company for any reason, engage in certain competitive activities, and (2) for a period
of one year following the termination of Mr. Lebowitzs employment relationship with the Company for any reason, solicit certain
current or former employees or customers of the Company.

The foregoing description of the Lebowitz Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated
into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Key Terms of the Plust Amended Agreement

As amended and restated, Mr. Plusts employment agreement provides
that he will receive an annual base salary of $500,000. He will be eligible to receive a cash bonus of $250,000 for 2024, up to $175,000
for 2025, up to $100,000 for 2026, and up to $50,000 for 2027. Mr. Plust is no longer eligible to receive equity awards, and any outstanding
equity awards he holds will continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable plan and award agreement. He is also
no longer eligible to receive severance payments if his employment is terminated.

The foregoing description of the Amended Plust Agreement does not purport
to be complete, particularly with respect to terms that remain unchanged from the Original Plust Agreement, and is qualified in its entirety
by the full text of the Amended Plust Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated into this Item 5.02 by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

The Company issued a press release on January 7, 2025, regarding the
transition in the Chief Operating Officer role. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

10.1* Employment Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and between Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. and Ethan Lebowitz.

10.2* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and between Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. and Steven Plust.

99.1 Press Release of Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc., dated January 7, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

*Certain schedules and similar attachments have been omitted
in reliance on Instruction 4 of Item 1.01 of Form 8-K and Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 7, 2025 GRANITE POINT MORTGAGE TRUST INC.

By: /s/ MICHAEL J.
KARBER 

Michael J. Karber

General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm251866d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

granite
point mortgage trust INC.

3 Bryant Park, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10036

January 7, 2025

Ethan Lebowitz

Re: EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

Dear Ethan:

This Employment Agreement
(the Agreement) between you (referred to hereinafter as the Executive) and Granite
Point Mortgage Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company) sets forth the terms and conditions that shall
govern the period of Executives employment with the Company (referred to hereinafter as Employment)
from and after the date hereof (the Start Date).

1. Duties
and Scope of Employment.

(a) At-Will
Employment. Executive will commence full-time Employment with the Company pursuant to this Agreement effective as of the Start
Date. Executives Employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at will employment. As a
result, Executive is free to terminate Employment at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any reason or for no reason. Similarly,
the Company is free to terminate Executives Employment at any time, with or without advance notice, and with or without Cause (as
defined below). Furthermore, although the terms and conditions of Executives Employment with the Company may change over time in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, nothing shall change the at-will nature of Executives Employment (the period that
Executive is employed with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Employment Period).

(b) Position
and Responsibilities. During the Employment Period, (i) from the Start Date until May 1, 2025 (or such earlier date
as the Companys current Chief Operating Officer resigns from his role as Chief Operating Officer, as applicable, the Transition
Date), Executive shall be employed in the position of Deputy Chief Operating Officer and will report to the Companys
Chief Operating Officer, and (ii) effective as of the Transition Date, Executive shall be employed as the Companys Chief Operating
Officer and will report to the Companys Chief Executive Officer (your Supervisor). Executive will be
working out of the Companys office in Manhattan, New York. Executive will perform the duties and have the responsibilities and
authority customarily performed and held by an employee in Executives applicable position, including transition services reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with assuming the role of Chief Operating Officer.

(c) Obligations
to the Company. During the Employment Period, Executive shall perform Executives duties faithfully and to the best of Executives
ability and will devote Executives full business efforts and time to the Company. During the Employment Period, without the prior
written approval of your Supervisor, Executive shall not render services in any capacity to any other Person or engage in any business
activities for himself, in each case, that individually or in the aggregate would materially impact Executives ability to perform
his duties hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, deliver lectures,
fulfill speaking engagements, teach at educational institutions, and manage personal investments without advance written consent of your
Supervisor; provided that such activities do not individually or in the aggregate materially interfere with the performance of Executives
duties under this Agreement or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict. Executive shall comply with the Companys policies
and rules, as they may be in effect from time to time during Executives Employment. It is expressly understood and agreed that,
to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by Executive, and disclosed in writing to the Company, in each case, prior
to the Start Date, the continued conduct of such activities subsequent to the Start Date, to the extent not competitive with the Company,
shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of Executives responsibilities to the Company.

(d) Business
Opportunities. During the Employment Period, Executive shall promptly disclose to the Company each business opportunity of a type,
which based upon its prospects and relationship to the business of the Company or its affiliates, the Company might reasonably consider
pursuing.

(e) No
Conflicting Obligations. Executive represents and warrants to the Company that Executive is under no obligations or commitments,
whether contractual or otherwise, that are inconsistent with Executives obligations under this Agreement or that would otherwise
prohibit Executive from performing Executives duties with the Company. In connection with Executives Employment, Executive
shall not use or disclose any trade secrets or other proprietary information or intellectual property in which Executive or any other
Person has any right, title or interest and Executives Employment will not infringe or violate the rights of any other Person.
Nothing herein shall limit the Companys obligation to indemnify Executive pursuant to the Indemnification Agreement attached hereto
as Attachment A (the Indemnification Agreement).

2. Cash
and Incentive Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. The Company shall pay Executive, as compensation for Executives services, a base salary at a gross annual rate
of $500,000 less all required tax withholdings and other applicable deductions, in accordance with the Companys standard payroll
procedures. The annual compensation specified in this subsection (a), together with any increases in such compensation that the Company
may make from time to time, is referred to in this Agreement as the Base Salary. Executives Base Salary
will be subject to review at least annually and increases that will be made based upon the Companys normal performance review practices.
Effective as of the date of any increase to Executives Base Salary, the Base Salary as so increased shall be considered the new
Base Salary for all purposes of this Agreement.

-2-

(b) Cash
Incentive Bonus. Executive will be eligible for an annual cash incentive bonus (the Cash Bonus) each
calendar year during the Employment Period. The Cash Bonus payable for any calendar year will be based upon the achievement of certain
objective or subjective criteria (collectively, the Performance Goals). The Performance Goals for Executives
Cash Bonus for a particular year will be established in the sole discretion of, the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)
or any Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee) in consultation with the Companys Chief
Executive Officer. The target amount of any such Cash Bonus for the 2025 calendar year and any later year (the Target Bonus)
will be 75% of Executives Base Salary, with the actual amount of any such Cash Bonus to be up to 200% of the Target Bonus, equal
to or as low as 0% of the Target Bonus, based on the achievement of the Performance Goals as determined by the Board or the Committee
as applicable, taking into account recommendations of the Companys Chief Executive Officer. Each Cash Bonus will be paid no later
than March 15 of the year following the year for which it is earned. Any Cash Bonus paid to Executive shall be subject to all required
tax withholdings and other applicable deductions. Except as provided in Section 6 below, Executive shall not be paid a Cash Bonus
unless Executive is employed by the Company on the date when such Cash Bonus is actually paid by the Company.

(c) Long-Term
Cash and Incentive Plans. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive annual grants under the cash and
equity incentive plans, practices, policies, and programs applicable generally to other senior executives of the Company on terms and
conditions no less favorable than those provided by the Company to other senior executives of the Company. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing:

(i) Commencing
with calendar year 2025, on an annual basis, the Company shall grant (each, an Annual Equity Award) Executive
restricted stock units in respect of a number of shares (each, a Share) of the Companys common stock
(each, an RSU) equal to (x) a dollar value divided by (y) the Fair Market Value (as defined
in the Companys 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or such other Company incentive plan applicable to an award, the Incentive
Plan) of a Share on the date of grant for the Annual Equity Award. The Company anticipates granting the Annual Equity Awards
within sixty (60) days after the start of each calendar year. The Annual Equity Awards shall have DERs (as defined in the Incentive Plan),
and shall be settled in Shares or, at the Companys option, cash. A portion of the Annual Equity Award shall be subject to time-based
vesting (the Time-Based Annual Equity Award) and a portion shall vest based on the achievement of performance
metrics (the Performance-Based Annual Equity Award). The dollar value of the Annual Equity Award, the proportion
of the Annual Equity Award that is Time-Based Annual Equity Award or Performance-Based Annual Equity Award and the performance metrics
shall be determined by the Board or Committee, as applicable, based on market data and recommendations from the compensation consultant
advising the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and input from the Companys Chief Executive Officer; provided that for 2025,
a total of 50% of the Annual Equity Award will be a Time-Based Equity Award and 50% will be a Performance-Based Equity Award. Subject
to Executives continuing to provide services to the Company through the relevant vesting dates and the other terms and conditions
of this Agreement, the Time-Based Annual Equity Award shall vest and be settled in three (3) equal annual installments on each anniversary
of the date of grant. The actual number of Shares earned under the Performance-Based Annual Equity Award shall range from 0% to 200% of
the Target Shares (the portion of the annual dollar value for the Annual Equity Award allocated to the Performance-Based Annual Equity
Award divided by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant) based on achievement against the applicable performance goals
over the relevant performance period, subject to the Executives continued employment through the end of the performance period.
The Performance-Based Annual Equity Award shall be settled by the March 15th of the calendar year following the end of
the applicable performance period.

-3-

(ii) The
Annual Equity Awards will be subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Incentive Plan and the applicable underlying award
agreement by and between Executive and the Company (an Award Agreement), both of which documents are incorporated
herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between the Incentive Plan or Award Agreement, on the one hand, and this Agreement, on
the other, this Agreement shall govern.

3. Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to (a) receive paid time off (PTO)
in accordance with the Companys PTO policy, as it may be amended from time to time and (b) participate in the employee benefit
plans maintained by the Company and generally available to similarly situated employees of the Company, subject in each case to the generally
applicable terms and conditions of the plan or policy in question and to the determinations of any Person or committee administering such
employee benefit plan or policy. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the employee benefit plans, policies and programs
it offers to its employees at any time.

4. Business
Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for necessary and reasonable business expenses, including air travel benefits consistent
with those in effect on the date hereof, incurred in connection with Executives duties hereunder upon presentation of an itemized
account and appropriate supporting documentation, all in accordance with the Companys generally applicable policies.

5. Rights
Upon Termination. Except as expressly provided in Section 6, upon the termination of Executives Employment, Executive
shall only be entitled to (i) the accrued but unpaid Base Salary compensation and PTO, if any as determined in accordance with Company
policy as then in effect, (ii) other benefits earned and the reimbursements described in this Agreement or under any Company-provided
plans, policies, and arrangements for the period preceding the effective date of the termination of Employment, each in accordance with
the governing documents and policies of any such benefits, reimbursements, plans and arrangements, and (iii) such other compensation
or benefits from the Company as may be required by law (collectively, the Accrued Benefits).

6. Termination
Benefits.

(a) Termination
without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason and not in Connection with a Change of Control. If (x) the Company (or any parent,
subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates Executives employment with the Company for a reason other than Cause, Executive
becoming Disabled or Executives death, or (y) the Executive resigns for Good Reason, in each case, at any time other than
the CIC Period (as defined below), then, in each case, subject to Section 7, Executive will be entitled to the following:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Executive all Accrued Benefits.

-4-

(ii) Severance
Payments. Executive will receive an amount of cash severance equal to (x) the Severance Multiple (as defined below) multiplied
by (y) the sum of (a) Executives Base Salary and (b) the Target Bonus, in each case, as then in effect on the
date of Executives separation from service (and ignoring any reduction related to a Good Reason trigger) (the Cash
Severance). The Cash Severance will be paid in equal installments over a period of twelve (12) months, less all required
tax withholdings and other applicable deductions, which will be paid in accordance with the Companys regular payroll procedures
commencing on the Release Deadline (as defined in Section 7(a)); provided that the first payment shall include any amounts that would
have been paid to Executive if payment had commenced on the date of Executives separation from service. The Severance
Multiple shall mean 1.0.

(iii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Executive has not yet received a Cash Bonus with respect to a completed performance period, Executive shall
receive such Cash Bonus, to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned based on actual performance for such performance period, which shall
be paid, if at all, at the same time annual bonuses are paid by the Company to other executives of the Company for such completed performance
period, but no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the completed performance period.

(iv) Pro-Rated
Bonus. Executive will be paid, within 10 days after the Release Deadline, a pro-rated Cash Bonus for the fiscal year in which Executive
terminates employment equal to (x) the Cash Bonus that Executive would have received, if any, based on actual performance for such
fiscal year if Executive had remained in the employ of the Company for the entire fiscal year multiplied by (y) a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of days in the fiscal year through the termination date and the denominator of which is 365 (the
Pro-Rated Bonus). The Pro-Rated Bonus, if any, shall be paid at the same time annual bonuses are paid by the
Company to other executives of the Company for the fiscal year in which the Executive terminated employment, but in no later than March 15th
of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive terminated employment.

(v) Continued
Employee Benefits. If Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
as amended (COBRA) for Executive and Executives eligible dependents, within the time period prescribed
pursuant to COBRA, the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately
prior to Executives termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period of eighteen (18) months from the last date
of employment of Executive with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents become
covered under similar plans. COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive consistent with the Companys normal
expense reimbursement policy and will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to Executive or the Company under
either Code Section 105(h) or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

(vi) Equity.
Executive will receive the following treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested equity awards: (A) continued vesting
of any time-based equity awards (including, without limitation, any Time-Based Annual Equity Award) without regard to the continuous service
requirement, such that the awards will continue to vest as if Executive had remained in the employ of the Company through each applicable
vesting date until such awards are fully vested; and (B) pro-rata vesting acceleration at the end of the applicable performance period
with respect to any performance-based equity awards (including any Performance-Based Annual Equity Awards) that Executive would have received
based on (x) actual performance through the end of the applicable performance period(s) had Executive remained in the employ
of the Company for the entirety of such performance period(s) and (y) the number of days the Executive was employed with the
Company during the applicable performance period(s) through and including the Executives termination date.

-5-

(b) Termination
without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the three (3)-month period immediately
prior to (or otherwise in connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control), on or during the twenty-four (24)-month period immediately
following, a Change of Control (such period, the CIC Protective Period), (x) the Company terminates Executives
employment with the Company for a reason other than Cause, Executive becoming Disabled or Executives death, or (y) Executive
resigns from such employment for Good Reason, then, in each case, subject to Section 7, Executive will receive the following severance
benefits from the Company in lieu of the benefits described in Section 6(a) above:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Executive all Accrued Benefits.

(ii) Severance
Payment. Executive will receive a lump sum severance payment equal to (x) CIC Multiple (as defined below) multiplied by
(y) the sum of (a) Executives Base Salary and (b) the Target Bonus, in each case, as then in effect on the date
of Executives separation from service (and ignoring any reduction related to a Good Reason trigger) (the CIC Cash
Severance). So long as the Change of Control constitutes a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A
(a 409A CIC), the CIC Cash Severance will be paid in a single lump sum on the Release Deadline (as defined
in Section 7(a)), less all required tax withholdings and other applicable deductions, in accordance with the Companys regular
payroll procedures and, to the extent required to avoid taxes under Section 409A, otherwise shall be paid in accordance with Section 6(a)(ii).
The CIC Multiple shall mean 1.5.

(iii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Executive has not yet received a Cash Bonus with respect to a completed performance period, Executive shall
receive such Cash Bonus, to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned based on actual performance for such performance period, which shall
be paid, if at all, at the same time annual bonuses are paid by the Company to other executives of the Company for such completed performance
period, but no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the completed performance period.

(iv) Pro-Rated
Bonus. Executive will be paid, within 10 days after the Release Deadline, a pro-rated Cash Bonus for the fiscal year in which Executive
terminates employment equal to (x) the Target Bonus multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of days in the fiscal year through the termination date and the denominator of which is 365.

(v) Continued
Employee Benefits. If Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executives eligible dependents,
within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA, the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at
the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period
of eighteen (18) months from the last date of employment of Executive with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or
Executives eligible dependents become covered under similar plans. COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive
consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement policy and will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences
to Executive or the Company under either Code Section 105(h) or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

-6-

(vi) Equity.
All of Executives then-outstanding and unvested (A) so long as the Change of Control constitutes a 409A CIC, time-based equity
awards (including, without limitation, any Time-Based Annual Equity Award) shall immediately vest and become exercisable or settled, as
applicable, as of the date of Executives termination of employment and, if not a 409A CIC, to the extent necessary to avoid the
imposition of taxes under Section 409A, shall vest in the manner contemplated by Section 6(a)(vi)(A); and (B) performance-based
equity awards (including any Performance-Based Annual Equity Awards) shall immediately vest and become exercisable or settled, with respect
to the target number of shares subject thereto, as of the date of Executives termination of employment; provided, however, that
if the Change of Control is not a 409A CIC, then settlement shall occur at the end of the applicable performance period if necessary to
avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A.

(c) Disability;
Death; Retirement. The Company may terminate Executives employment with the Company due to Executives Disability
upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice or payment in lieu thereof. This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon Executives
death. Executive may terminate Executives employment with the Company due to Executives Retirement upon one hundred twenty
(120) days written notice or payment to Executive in lieu thereof, in the Companys sole discretion. If Executives
employment with the Company is terminated due to (x) Executive becoming Disabled, (y) Executives death or (z) Executives
Retirement, then Executive or Executives estate (as the case may be) will receive the following from the Company, subject to Section 7:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Executive or Executives estate (as the case may be) all Accrued Benefits.

(ii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Executive has not yet received a Cash Bonus with respect to a completed performance period, Executive or
Executives estate (as the case may be) shall receive such Cash Bonus, to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned based on actual
performance for such performance period, which shall be paid, if at all, at the same time annual bonuses are paid by the Company to other
executives of the Company for such completed performance period, but no later than March 15th of the calendar year following the
completed performance period.

(iii) Pro-Rated
Bonus. Executive or Executives estate (as the case may be) will be paid, within 10 days after the Release Deadline, a Pro-Rated
Bonus, if any, in accordance with Section 6(a)(iv) above.

-7-

(iv) Continued
Employee Benefits. In the case of a termination of Executives employment due to Disability only, if Executive elects continuation
coverage pursuant to COBRA for Executive and Executives eligible dependents, within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA,
the Company will reimburse Executive for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives
termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period of eighteen (18) months from the last date of employment of Executive
with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Executive and/or Executives eligible dependents become covered under similar
plans. COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Executive consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement
policy and will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to Executive or the Company under either Code Section 105(h) or
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

(v) Equity.
Executive or Executives estate (as the case may be) will receive the same treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested
equity awards as set forth in Section 6(a)(vi) above; provided, however, that if termination is a result of Executives
Retirement during the CIC Protective Period, then Executive will receive the same treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested
equity awards as set forth in Section 6(b)(vi) above, except that the number of shares accelerated with respect to any performance-based
equity awards (including the Performance-Based Annual Equity Awards) shall be (x) the target number of shares subject to such award
multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed with the Company during the
applicable performance period(s) through and including the Executives termination date and the denominator of which is the
total number of days in the applicable performance period, inclusive.

(d) Voluntary
Resignation; Termination for Cause. If Executives employment with the Company is terminated due to (i) Executives
voluntary resignation (other than for Good Reason), or (ii) the Companys termination of Executives employment with
the Company for Cause, then Executive will receive the Accrued Benefits, but will not be entitled to any other compensation or benefits
from the Company except to the extent required by law (for example, COBRA). All Accrued Benefits shall in all cases be paid within thirty
(30) days of Executives termination of employment (or such earlier date as required by applicable law) pursuant to this Section 6(d).

(e) Timing
of Payments. Subject to any specific timing provisions in Section 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), or 6(d), as applicable, or the provisions
of Section 7, payment of the severance and benefits hereunder shall be made or commence to be made as soon as practicable following
Executives termination of employment.

(f) Exclusive
Remedy. In the event of a termination of Executives employment with the Company (or any parent, subsidiary or successor
of the Company), the provisions of this Section 6 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies
to which Executive or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other
than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses). Executive will be entitled
to no other severance, benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment, including, without limitation,
any severance payments and/or benefits provided in the Employment Agreement, other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 6
of this Agreement or pursuant to written equity award agreements with the Company.

-8-

(g) No
Duty to Mitigate. Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will
any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source reduce any such payment. Following a Change of Control, the Company agrees
to pay as incurred (within 10 days following the Companys receipt of an invoice from the Executive), to the full extent permitted
by law, all legal fees and expenses that Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof)
by the Company, the Executive or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any payment pursuant to this
Agreement), plus, in each case, interest on any delayed payment at the applicable federal rate provided for in Code Section 7872(f)(2)(A).

(h) Deemed
Resignation. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from
all offices and directorships, if any, then held with the Company and its affiliates.

7. Conditions
to Receipt of Severance.

(a) Release
of Claims Agreement. The receipt of any severance payments or benefits pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing
and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in the form attached hereto as Attachment B (the Release),
which must become effective no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives termination of employment (the Release
Deadline), and if not, Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement. To become
effective, the Release must be executed by Executive and any revocation periods (as required by statute, regulation, or otherwise) must
have expired without Executive having revoked the Release. In addition, in no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided
until the Release actually becomes effective. If the termination of employment occurs at a time during the calendar year where the Release
Deadline could occur in the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executives termination of employment occurs, then
any severance payments or benefits under this Agreement that would be considered deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A)
will be paid on the first payroll date to occur during the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination occurs,
or such later time as required by (i) the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit as set forth in Section 6,
(ii) the date the Release becomes effective, or (iii) Section 7(d)(ii); provided that the first payment shall include all
amounts that would have been paid to Executive if payment had commenced on the date of Executives termination of employment.

(b) Restrictive
Covenants. The receipt of any termination benefits pursuant to Section 6 will be subject to Executive not violating the provisions
of Section 9. In the event Executive breaches the provisions of Section 9, all continuing payments and benefits to which Executive
may otherwise be entitled pursuant to Section 6 will immediately cease.

(c) Confidential
Information Agreement. Executives receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 6 will be subject to Executive
continuing to comply with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 11(a) below).

-9-

(d) Section 409A.

(i) The
parties hereto intend that the payments and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from Section 409A (as defined below) or, to the
extent not exempt, comply therewith and, accordingly, this Agreement shall be interpreted consistent with such intent. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for any tax (including a tax or penalty due as a result of a failure
to comply with Section 409A) from Executive to the Company or to any other individual or entity.

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of taxes and penalties under Section 409A,
(A) no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement will be paid or otherwise
provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A; (B) if Executive is
a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executives termination
of employment (other than due to death), then any severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive within the first six (6) months
following Executives separation from service will become payable on the first to occur of the Executives death or the first
payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executives separation
from service, and all subsequent severance pay or benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable
to each payment or benefit. Each payment, installment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment
for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations; and (C) (1) all reimbursements hereunder shall
be made on or prior to the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive incurred the expense, (2) any
right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (3) the amount
of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided in any calendar year shall not in any way affect the expenses eligible
for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year.

(iii) The
Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions
that are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to
Executive under Section 409A.

8. Definition
of Terms. The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

(a) Cause.
Cause means:

(i) Executives
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his or her duties and responsibilities to the Company (other than resulting
from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) that is, or is reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to
the Company;

(ii) Executives
commission of any act of fraud, theft, embezzlement, or any other willful misconduct that has caused or that is, or is reasonably expected
to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

-10-

(iii) Executives
conviction of, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or a lesser crime involving moral turpitude; provided that such lesser
crime that is, or is reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

(iv) Executive
has willfully violated the Companys employment discrimination, sexual harassment or fraternization policies or any other material
written Company policy, in each case as they may be in effect from time to time (after a good faith investigation by the Board or the
Committee);

(v) Executives
alcohol abuse or other substance abuse that materially impairs Executives ability to perform his obligations and that is, or is
reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

(vi) Executives
unauthorized and willful use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Executive
owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company; or

(vii) Executives
material and willful breach of any restrictive covenants to which the Executive has agreed to in writing with respect to the Company.

For purposes of this Section 8(a),
no act, or failure to act, on the part of the Executive (A) that has occurred prior to the date hereof shall be deemed to be for
Cause or (B) shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith and
without reasonable belief that the Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Prior to a termination
of the Executives employment for Cause, the Company will provide the Executive with written notice describing the
facts and circumstances that the Company believes constitutes Cause and, in cases where the Company reasonably determines that cure is
possible, the Executive shall be provided a 20-day period during which he may cure the circumstances alleged to constitute Cause. Any
act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the lawful and reasonable
directives of the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be
done, by the Executive in good faith or in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the Executive shall not be
deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative
vote of not less than a majority of the entire membership of the Board (excluding the Executive, if the Executive is a member of the Board)
at a meeting of the Board (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with
counsel for the Executive, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty
of the conduct described in this Section 8(a), and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

(b) Change
of Control. Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Incentive Plan; provided, however, that
a management led buyout shall not be considered a Change of Control for purposes of this Agreement.

(c) Code.
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

-11-

(d) Disability.
Disability or Disabled means that Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason
of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted, or can be expected
to last, for a continuous period of not less than one (1) year.

(e) Good
Reason. Good Reason means Executives termination of employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration
of any cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executives consent:

(i) A
change in Executives title or reporting relationship or a material reduction of Executives duties, authority or responsibilities,
relative to Executives duties, authority or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction;

(ii) A
reduction (or series of reductions) in either Executives Base Salary or Target Bonus equal to or greater than 10%;

(iii) A
material change in the geographic location of Executives primary work facility or location from Manhattan, New York; or

(iv) A
material breach by the Company of a material provision of this Agreement (other than a breach by the Company of Section 1 of the
Agreement which shall be covered instead by clause (i) of this definition of Good Reason).

Executive will not resign for
Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason
within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30)
days following the date the Company receives such notice during which such condition must not have been cured.

(f) Governmental
Authority. Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, foreign or other government, governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, or any private or public court or tribunal.

(g) Person.
Person shall be construed in the broadest sense and means and includes any natural person, a partnership, a corporation,
an association, a joint stock company, a limited liability company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and other
entity or Governmental Authority.

(h) Retirement.
Retirement means the Executives resignation of employment (other than for Good Reason) on or after the Executives
attainment of age 65 with five consecutive years of service with the Company.

(i) Section 409A.
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder
or any state law equivalent.

-12-

9. Restrictive
Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition.
During the period commencing on the Start Date and continuing until the six (6) month anniversary of the date when Executives
Employment terminated for any reason, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer,
directly or indirectly, whether alone or in conjunction with others, as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner,
shareholder, corporate officer, director, or through any other kind of ownership or in any other representative or individual capacity:
(i) engage or participate in, manage, operate, join, render any services to, or acquire any financial or beneficial interest in,
any business or activity anywhere in the world that competes with the Companys business as in effect or with respect to which the
Company has taken material steps to implement during Executives employment or as of the date of termination of such employment
(Competitive Business); (ii) permit Executives name directly or indirectly to be used by or to
become associated with any other person in connection with a business that is competitive or substantially similar to the Company; or
(iii) induce or assist any other person to engage in any of the activities described in clauses (i) or (ii) above; provided,
that, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not be a violation of this Section 9(a) for Executive to do any of the foregoing
(A) for any person, entity or affiliated group of entities so long as Executive is not directly involved with the division, subsidiary
or business engaged in the Competitive Business, (B) for any person, entity or affiliated group of entities that derives ten percent
or less of its revenues from the Competitive Business, or (C) own up to five percent of the securities of any person, entity or affiliated
group of entities engaged in a Competitive Business.

(b) Non-Solicitation.
During the period commencing on the Start Date and continuing until the first anniversary of the date when Executives Employment
terminated for any reason, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer, directly
or indirectly, personally or through others, solicit, recruit or attempt to solicit or recruit (on Executives own behalf or on
behalf of any other Person) either (i) any current employee or any substantially full-time consultant of the Company or any of the
Companys affiliates, (ii) any former employee or consultant of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates who left
the Companys (or such affiliates) service within the six (6) months preceding the Executives termination date
(unless such former employee was terminated by the Company without Cause or resigned for Good Reason), or (iii) the business of any
customer of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates on whom Executive called or with whom Executive became acquainted during
Executives Employment, excluding solicitation of any customer for a business activity that is not related to any current business
activity of the Company. Executive represents that Executive is (i) familiar with the foregoing covenant not to solicit, and (ii) fully
aware of Executives obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonableness of the length of time, scope and geographic
coverage of these covenants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9(b) shall (1) not apply to the Executives
personal administrative staff who perform secretarial-type functions, (2) not prohibit the Executive from serving as a reference
and (3) not apply to general solicitations that are not targeted at Company employees.

(c) Non-Disparagement.
Executive shall not make any remarks disparaging the conduct or character of the Company, any of the Companys affiliates, any of
the Companys or any Company affiliates current or former employees, officers, directors, successors or assigns. The Company
shall not make any official remarks, and shall instruct its directors and executive officers not to make any remarks, disparaging the
conduct or character of the Executive. Nothing in this Section 9(c) shall limit either partys ability to make truthful
statements as required by law or legal process, to assert a legal claim or as a defense in any legal proceeding.

-13-

If any restriction set forth
in this Section 9 is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it extends for too long a period of
time or over too great a range of activities or in too broad a geographic area, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum
period of time, range of activities or geographic area as to which it may be enforceable. Executive understands that the restrictions
contained in this Section 9 are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and Executive considers
them to be reasonable and necessary to protect and maintain the proprietary and other legitimate business interests of the Company and
that the enforcement of such restrictive covenants shall not prevent Executive from earning a livelihood. Executive further acknowledges
that the Company would be irreparably harmed and damaged if any of the covenants in this Section 9 are breached and that the remedy
at law for any breach or threatened breach of this Section 9, if such breach or threatened breach is held by a court to exist, shall
be inadequate and, accordingly, that the Company shall, in addition to all other available remedies, be entitled to injunctive relief
without being required to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy of the available remedies at law. Executive
hereby waives trial by jury and agrees not to plead or defend on grounds of inadequate remedy at law or any element thereof in an action
by the Company against Executive for injunctive relief or for specific performance of any obligation pursuant to this Agreement. The period
of time during which the provisions of this Section 9 shall apply shall be extended by the length of time during which Executive
may be in breach of the terms hereof.

10. Golden
Parachute.

(a) Anything
in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any payment or benefit Executive would receive from the Company or otherwise (Payment)
would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and (ii) but for
this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then
such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the
largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax; or (y) the largest
portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and
local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executives
receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater amount of the Payment. Any reduction made pursuant to this Section 10(a) shall
be made in accordance with the following order of priority: (i) stock options whose exercise price exceeds the fair market value
of the optioned stock (Underwater Options) (ii) Full Credit Payments (as defined below) that are payable
in cash, (iii) non-cash (other than those described in clause (vi) below) Full Credit Payments that are taxable, (iv) non-cash
(other than those described in clause (vi) below) Full Credit Payments that are not taxable (v) Partial Credit Payments (as
defined below) and (vi) non-cash employee welfare benefits. In each case, reductions shall be made in reverse chronological order
such that the payment or benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first
payment or benefit to be reduced (with reductions made pro-rata in the event payments or benefits are owed at the same time). Full
Credit Payment means a payment, distribution or benefit, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, that if reduced in value by one dollar reduces the amount of the parachute payment (as defined
in Section 280G of the Code) by one dollar, determined as if such payment, distribution or benefit had been paid or distributed on
the date of the event triggering the excise tax. Partial Credit Payment means any payment, distribution or
benefit that is not a Full Credit Payment.

-14-

(b) Golden
Parachute Tax Solutions LLC or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm selected by the Company prior to the
Change of Control and acceptable to Executive (the Accounting Firm) shall perform the foregoing calculations
related to the Excise Tax; provided that in no event shall the Accounting Firm be a firm providing advice to a third party effectuating
the Change of Control. If a reduction is required pursuant to Section 10(a), the Accounting Firm shall administer the ordering of
the reduction as set forth in Section 10(a). The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting
firm required to be made hereunder. In connection with making determinations under this Section, the Accounting Firm shall take into account
the value of any reasonable compensation for services to be rendered by the Executive before or after the Change of Control, including
any non-competition provisions that may apply to the Executive, and the Company shall cooperate in the valuation of any such services,
including any non-competition provisions

(c) The
Accounting Firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation,
to Executive and the Company (i) as soon as administratively practicable prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs
(ii) as soon as administratively practicable following Executives termination of employment and (iii) within fifteen
(15) calendar days after the date on which Executives right to a Payment is triggered. Any good faith determinations of the Accounting
Firm made hereunder shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon Executive and the Company.

11. Pre-Employment
Conditions.

(a) Confidentiality
Agreement. Executives acceptance of this offer and Executives Employment with the Company is contingent upon the
execution, and delivery to an officer of the Company, of the Companys Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Attachment C for Executives review and execution (the Confidentiality Agreement),
prior to or on Executives Start Date.

12. Arbitration.

(a) Arbitration.
In consideration of Executives Employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and
Executives receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future,
Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with the Company and any employee, officer, director, or benefit
plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executives Employment
with the Company or termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to New
York law. The Federal Arbitration Act shall also apply with full force and effect.

-15-

(b) Dispute
Resolution. Disputes that Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a jury trial, include any statutory
claims under local, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the
Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the New York State Human Rights Law, New York Equal Rights
Law, New York Whistleblower Protection Law, New York Family Leave Law, New York Equal Pay Law, the New York City Human Rights Law, claims
of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims. Executive and the Company further understand
that this agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive.

(c) Procedure.
Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS),
pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures (the JAMS Rules). The arbitrator shall
have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication,
motions to dismiss and demurrers, and motions for class certification, prior to any arbitration hearing. The arbitrator shall have the
power to award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator shall award attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing
party, except as prohibited by law. The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS,
and all arbitrators fees, except that Executive shall pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Executive initiates,
but only so much of the filing fee as Executive would have instead paid had Executive filed a complaint in a court of law. Executive agrees
that the arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with New York law, and that the arbitrator shall apply
substantive and procedural New York law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law. To the extent
that the JAMS Rules conflict with New York law, New York law shall take precedence. The decision of the arbitrator shall be in writing.
Any arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted in New York County, New York.

(d) Remedy.
Arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company. Accordingly, except as
provided by this Agreement or to enforce a judgement against the Company, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue
court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard
or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise
required by law that the Company has not adopted.

(e) Administrative
Relief. Executive is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body
or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department
of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers
Compensation Board. However, Executive may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law.

-16-

(f) Voluntary
Nature of Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any
duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this
Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of
this Agreement and fully understands it, including that EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVES RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.

(g) Independent
Advice. Executive acknowledges that Executive has been advised to obtain independent advice and legal counsel to advise Executive
concerning this Agreement, and that Executive has either done so or has knowingly waived that opportunity of Executives own free
choice. Neither the Company nor any attorneys for the Company have advised Executive concerning this Agreement, and Executive is relying
solely upon the advice of Executives own independent counsel (if any); nor has the Company or any attorneys for the Company coerced,
used undue influence, or otherwise induced Executive to enter into this Agreement.

13. Successors.

(a) Companys
Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets. For all purposes under
this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business or assets that
become bound by this Agreement or any affiliate of any such successor that employs Executive.

(b) Executives
Successors. This Agreement and all of Executives rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

14. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

(a) Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify and advance Executive expenses to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Companys Bylaws
with respect to Executives service, and that certain Indemnification Agreement, and Executive shall also be covered under a directors
and officers liability insurance policy on terms no less favorable than that provided to other directors and officers of the Company,
which shall be paid for by the Company to the extent that the Company maintains such a liability insurance policy now or in the future.
This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.

(b) Headings.
All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

(c) Notice.

(i) General.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In Executives
case, mailed notices shall be addressed to Executive at the home address that Executive most recently communicated to the Company in writing.
In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the
attention of its Secretary.

-17-

(ii) Notice
of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination
to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 14(c)(i) of this Agreement. Such notice will indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30)
days after the giving of such notice), subject to any applicable cure period. The failure by Executive or the Company to include in the
notice any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause, as applicable, will not waive any right of Executive
or the Company, as applicable, hereunder or preclude Executive or the Company, as applicable, from asserting such fact or circumstance
in enforcing his or her or its rights hereunder, as applicable.

(d) Modifications
and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge
is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive). No waiver by either
party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver
of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(e) Whole
Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreement related to the subject matter hereof. No other agreements, representations
or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement have been
made or entered into by either party with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement contain
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(f) Withholding
Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other deductions required to be
withheld by law.

(g) Choice
of Law and Severability. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving
effect to provisions governing the choice of law. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any applicable jurisdiction by reason of the scope, extent or duration of its coverage, then such provision shall be deemed amended
to the minimum extent necessary to conform to applicable law so as to be valid and enforceable or, if such provision cannot be so amended
without materially altering the intention of the parties, then such provision shall be stricken and the remainder of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is rendered illegal by any present or future statute, law, ordinance
or regulation (collectively, the Law) then that provision shall be curtailed or limited only to the minimum
extent necessary to bring the provision into compliance with the Law. All the other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect without impairment or limitation.

-18-

(h) Clawback/Recoupment.
Executive shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment provisions as may be required pursuant to any applicable laws, government regulations,
stock exchange listing requirements or Company policies in effect from time to time, including the Companys Clawback Policy, as
adopted pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act.

(i) No
Assignment. This Agreement and all of Executives rights and obligations hereunder are personal to Executive and may not
be transferred or assigned by Executive at any time. The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement to any entity that assumes
the Companys obligations hereunder in connection with any sale or transfer to such entity of all or a substantial portion of the
Companys assets.

(j) Acknowledgment.
Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executives personal
attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understood all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly
and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

(k) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Execution of a facsimile copy will have the same force and effect as execution of an original,
and a facsimile signature will be deemed an original and valid signature.

(l) Electronic
Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Agreement by electronic means.
Executive hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery.

[Signature Page Follows]

-19-

After you have had an opportunity
to review this Agreement, please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments. To indicate your acceptance of this Agreement,
please sign and date this letter in the space provided below and return it to the Company.

Very truly yours,

Granite
point mortgage trust inc.

By: /s/
John A. Taylor

(Signature)

Name: John A. Taylor

Title: President and Chief Executive
Officer

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

ETHAN LEBOWITZ 

/s/ Ethan Lebowitz 

(Signature) 

Attachment A: Indemnification Agreement

Attachment B: General Release of Claims

Attachment C: Confidential Information and Assignment of Inventions
Agreement

-20-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm251866d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

GRANITE POINT MORTGAGE TRUST INC.

3 Bryant Park, 24th Floor

New York, NY 10036

January 7, 2025

Steven Plust

Re: AMENDED
AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Dear Steven:

Reference is made to that
certain Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement), dated as of October 4, 2020, between you (referred to hereinafter
as the Employee) and Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company).
Employee and the Company are entering into this Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (this Agreement) to amend
and restate the Prior Agreement, effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date), for purposes of setting forth
the terms and conditions that shall govern the period of Employees employment with the Company as of the Effective Date (referred
to hereinafter as Employment).

1. Duties
and Scope of Employment.

(a) Term.
This Agreement and Employees employment with the Company under the terms and conditions of this Agreement will commence on the
Effective Date and will continue until December 31, 2027, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement
(the period that Employee is employed with the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Employment Term). For purposes
of this Agreement, the term Original Start Date shall mean the effective date of that certain internalization agreement,
dated as of October 10, 2020, entered into between Pine River Capital Management L.P. (Pine River) and the Company
(the Internalization Agreement). Unless otherwise agreed upon in writing between the Company and Employee, Employees
employment with the Company shall automatically terminate upon the expiration of this Agreement.

(b) Position
and Responsibilities. During the Employment Term, (i) Employee will continue to be employed by the Company as Senior Managing
Director and is expected to continue to serve on certain management committees of the Company, including the Investment Committee, the
Risk Ranking Committee and the CECL Committee, and (ii) effective as of May 1, 2025 (or such earlier date that Employee tenders
his resignation as Chief Operating Officer to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board), as applicable,
the Transition Date), Employee shall no longer serve as Chief Operating Officer of the Company or as an officer of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Employee will report to the Companys Chief Executive Officer (your Supervisor),
and Employee will be working out of the Companys office in Manhattan, New York. Employee will perform the duties and have the responsibilities
and authority customarily performed and held by an employee in Employees applicable position, as well as any transition services
as may be requested by the Company in connection with the Transition Date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employees transition
from Chief Operating Officer to Senior Managing Director (as well as any change in reporting structure resulting from such transition
and any other changes to your employment terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement) shall not constitute Good Reason (as defined
below).

(c) Obligations
to the Company. During the Employment Term, Employee shall perform Employees duties faithfully and to the best of Employees
ability and will devote Employees full business efforts and time to the Company. During the Employment Term, without the prior
written approval of your Supervisor, Employee shall not render services in any capacity to any other Person or engage in any business
activities for himself, in each case, that individually or in the aggregate would materially impact Employees ability to perform
his duties hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may serve on civic or charitable boards or committees, deliver lectures,
fulfill speaking engagements, teach at educational institutions, and manage personal investments without advance written consent of your
Supervisor; provided that such activities do not individually or in the aggregate materially interfere with the performance of Employees
duties under this Agreement or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict. Employee shall comply with the Companys policies
and rules, as they may be in effect from time to time during Employees Employment. It is expressly understood and agreed that,
to the extent that any such activities have been conducted by Employee, and disclosed in writing to the Company, in each case, prior to
the Original Start Date, the continued conduct of such activities subsequent to the Original Start Date, to the extent not competitive
with the Company, shall not thereafter be deemed to interfere with the performance of Employees responsibilities to the Company.

(d) Business
Opportunities. During Employees Employment, Employee shall promptly disclose to the Company each business opportunity of
a type, which based upon its prospects and relationship to the business of the Company or its affiliates, the Company might reasonably
consider pursuing.

(e) No
Conflicting Obligations. Excluding anything related to Employees prior employment with Pine River as described in the Internalization
Agreement, Employee represents and warrants to the Company that Employee is under no obligations or commitments, whether contractual or
otherwise, that are inconsistent with Employees obligations under this Agreement or that would otherwise prohibit Employee from
performing Employees duties with the Company. In connection with Employees Employment, except as permitted under the Internalization
Agreement, Employee shall not use or disclose any trade secrets or other proprietary information or intellectual property in which Employee
or any other Person has any right, title or interest and Employees Employment will not infringe or violate the rights of any other
Person. Employee represents and warrants to the Company that Employee has returned all property and confidential information belonging
to any prior employer. Nothing herein shall limit the Companys obligation to indemnify Employee pursuant to that certain Amended
and Restated Indemnification Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, between Employee and the Company (the Indemnification
Agreement).

2

2. Cash
and Incentive Compensation.

(a) Base
Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company shall pay Employee, as compensation for Employees services, a base salary
at a gross annual rate of $500,000, less all required tax withholdings and other applicable deductions, in accordance with the Companys
standard payroll procedures.

(b) Incentive
Compensation. Employee will be eligible for an annual cash incentive bonus (the Cash Bonus) for calendar
years 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027. The Cash Bonus payable for the 2024 calendar year, which is in lieu of any amount payable to Employee
under the Companys annual incentive plan, will be $250,000. For calendar years 2025, 2026 and 2027, Employee will be eligible to
receive a discretionary Cash Bonus in an amount up to $175,000 for 2025, up to $100,000 for 2026 and up to $50,000 for 2027, with the
actual amount of the Cash Bonus determined by the Companys senior management in its sole discretion. The Cash Bonus for 2025 will
be paid (if earned) in the first calendar quarter of 2026 but no later than March 15, 2026, the Cash Bonus for 2026 will be paid
(if earned) in the first calendar quarter of 2027 but no later than March 15, 2027 and the Cash Bonus for 2027 will be paid (if earned)
on December 31, 2027. Any Cash Bonus paid to Employee shall be subject to all required tax withholdings and other applicable deductions.
Except as provided in Section 6 below, Employee shall not be paid a Cash Bonus unless Employee is employed by the Company on the
date when such Cash Bonus is actually paid by the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that as of the Effective Date, Employee will
no longer be eligible to (i) participate in the Companys Annual Incentive Plan or (ii) receive awards under the Companys
equity incentive plans, practices, policies or programs (as in effect from time to time). Any outstanding equity awards held by Employee
as of the Effective Date will continue to be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable plan and award agreement (including
retirement vesting eligibility as set forth in this Agreement).

3. Employee
Benefits. During the Employment Term, Employee shall be eligible to (a) receive paid time off (PTO)
in accordance with the Companys PTO policy, as it may be amended from time to time and (b) participate in the employee benefit
plans maintained by the Company and generally available to similarly situated employees of the Company, subject in each case to the generally
applicable terms and conditions of the plan or policy in question and to the determinations of any Person or committee administering such
employee benefit plan or policy. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the employee benefit plans, policies and programs
it offers to its employees at any time.

4. Business
Expenses. The Company will reimburse Employee for necessary and reasonable business expenses, including air travel benefits consistent
with those in effect on the date hereof, incurred in connection with Employees duties hereunder upon presentation of an itemized
account and appropriate supporting documentation, all in accordance with the Companys generally applicable policies.

5. Rights
Upon Termination. Except as expressly provided in Section 6, upon the termination of Employees Employment, Employee
shall only be entitled to (i) the accrued but unpaid base salary compensation and PTO, if any as determined in accordance with Company
policy as then in effect, (ii) other benefits earned and the reimbursements described in this Agreement or under any Company-provided
plans, policies, and arrangements for the period preceding the effective date of the termination of Employment, each in accordance with
the governing documents and policies of any such benefits, reimbursements, plans and arrangements, and (iii) such other compensation
or benefits from the Company as may be required by law (collectively, the Accrued Benefits).

3

6. Termination
Benefits. The Employment Term and Employees employment hereunder may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Employment
Term by either the Company or Employee at any time and for any reason. Upon termination of Employees employment during the Employment
Term, Employee shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits in accordance with this Section 6. In no event shall the expiration
of the Employment Term on the third anniversary of the Effective Date, or Employees termination of employment (for any reason)
upon such expiration of the Employment Term, result in Employee receiving any compensation or benefits other than the Accrued Benefits
(as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, it is acknowledged that Employee is currently Retirement eligible and therefore any
provision in this Agreement related to Employees termination of employment without Good Reason or voluntary resignation shall be
treated as a termination of employment due to Retirement.

(a) Termination
without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason and not in Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the Employment Term, (x) the
Company (or any parent, subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates Employees employment with the Company for a reason other
than Cause, Employee becoming Disabled or Employees death, or (y) the Employee resigns for Good Reason, in each case, at any
time other than the CIC Protective Period (as defined below), then, in each case, subject to Section 7, Employee will be entitled
to the following:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Employee all Accrued Benefits.

(ii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Employee has not yet received payment of the Cash Bonus with respect to the calendar year prior to the year
of Employees termination of employment, Employee shall receive such Cash Bonus, to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned, in accordance
with Section 2(b).

(iii) Continued
Employee Benefits. If Employee elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985,
as amended (COBRA) for Employee and Employees eligible dependents, within the time period prescribed pursuant
to COBRA, the Company will reimburse Employee for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior
to Employees termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period of eighteen (18) months from the last date of employment
of Employee with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Employee and/or Employees eligible dependents become covered under
similar plans. COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Employee consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement
policy and will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to Employee or the Company under either Code Section 105(h) or
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

4

(iv) Equity.
Employee will receive the following treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested equity awards: (A) continued vesting
of any time-based equity awards without regard to the continuous service requirement, such that the awards will continue to vest as if
Employee had remained in the employ of the Company through each applicable vesting date until such awards are fully vested; and (B) pro-rata
vesting acceleration at the end of the applicable performance period with respect to any performance-based equity awards that Employee
would have received based on (x) actual performance through the end of the applicable performance period(s) had Employee remained
in the employ of the Company for the entirety of such performance period(s) and (y) the number of days the Employee was employed
with the Company during the applicable performance period(s) through and including the Employees termination date.

(b) Termination
without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change of Control. If, during the three (3)-month period immediately
prior to (or otherwise in connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control), on or during the twenty-four (24)-month period immediately
following, a Change of Control (such period, the CIC Protective Period), (x) the Company terminates Employees
employment with the Company for a reason other than Cause, Employee becoming Disabled or Employees death, or (y) Employee
resigns from such employment for Good Reason, in each case, during the Employment Term, then, in each case, subject to Section 7,
Employee will receive the following severance benefits from the Company in lieu of the benefits described in Section 6(a) above:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Employee all Accrued Benefits.

(ii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Employee has not yet received payment of the Cash Bonus with respect to the calendar year prior to the year
of Employees termination of employment, Employee shall receive such Cash Bonus to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned, in accordance
with Section 2(b).

(iii) Continued
Employee Benefits. If Employee elects continuation coverage pursuant to COBRA for Employee and Employees eligible dependents,
within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA, the Company will reimburse Employee for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at
the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Employees termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period
of eighteen (18) months from the last date of employment of Employee with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Employee and/or
Employees eligible dependents become covered under similar plans. COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Employee
consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement policy and will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences
to Employee or the Company under either Code Section 105(h) or the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

5

(iv) Equity.
All of Employees then-outstanding and unvested (A) so long as the Change of Control constitutes a change in control
event within the meaning of Section 409A (a 409A CIC), time-based equity awards shall immediately vest
and become exercisable or settled, as applicable, as of the date of Employees termination of employment and, if not a 409A CIC,
to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, shall vest in the manner contemplated by Section 6(a)(iv)(A);
and (B) performance-based equity awards shall immediately vest and become exercisable or settled, with respect to the target number
of shares subject thereto, as of the date of Employees termination of employment; provided, however, that if the Change of Control
is not a 409A CIC, then settlement shall occur at the end of the applicable performance period if necessary to avoid adverse tax consequences
under Section 409A.

(c) Disability;
Death; Retirement. The Company may terminate Employees employment with the Company due to Employees Disability upon
fifteen (15) days prior written notice or payment in lieu thereof. This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon Employees
death. Employee may terminate Employees employment with the Company due to Employees Retirement. If, during the Employment
Term, Employees employment with the Company is terminated due to (x) Employee becoming Disabled, (y) Employees
death or (z) Employees Retirement, then Employee or Employees estate (as the case may be) will receive the following
from the Company, subject to Section 7:

(i) Accrued
Compensation. The Company will pay Employee or Employees estate (as the case may be) all Accrued Benefits.

(ii) Prior
Year Bonus. To the extent Employee has not yet received payment of the Cash Bonus with respect to the calendar year prior to the year
of Employees termination of employment, Employee shall receive such Cash Bonus to the extent such Cash Bonus was earned, in accordance
with Section 2(b).

(iii) Continued
Employee Benefits. In the case of a termination of Employees employment due to Disability only, if Employee elects continuation
coverage pursuant to COBRA for Employee and Employees eligible dependents, within the time period prescribed pursuant to COBRA,
the Company will reimburse Employee for the COBRA premiums for such coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Employees
termination or resignation) until the earlier of (A) a period of eighteen (18) months from the last date of employment of Employee
with the Company, or (B) the date upon which Employee and/or Employees eligible dependents become covered under similar plans.
COBRA reimbursements will be made by the Company to Employee consistent with the Companys normal expense reimbursement policy and
will be taxable to the extent required to avoid adverse consequences to Employee or the Company under either Code Section 105(h) or
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.

(iv) Equity.
Employee or Employees estate (as the case may be) will receive the same treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested
equity awards as set forth in Section 6(a)(iv) above; provided, however, that if termination is a result of Employees
Retirement during the CIC Protective Period, then Employee will receive the same treatment with respect to any then-outstanding and unvested
equity awards as set forth in Section 6(b)(iv) above, except that the number of shares accelerated with respect to any performance-based
equity awards shall be (x) the target number of shares subject to such award multiplied by (y) a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of days the Employee was employed with the Company during the applicable performance period(s) through and including
the Employees termination date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the applicable performance period, inclusive.

6

(d) Termination
for Cause; Termination upon Expiration of the Employment Term. If Employees employment with the Company is terminated due
to the Companys termination of Employees employment with the Company for Cause or in connection with the expiration of the
Employment Term on the third anniversary of the Effective Date, then Employee will receive the Accrued Benefits, but will not be entitled
to any other compensation or benefits from the Company except to the extent required by law (for example, COBRA). All Accrued Benefits
shall in all cases be paid within thirty (30) days of Employees termination of employment (or such earlier date as required by
applicable law) pursuant to this Section 6(d).

(e) Timing
of Payments. Subject to any specific timing provisions in Section 6(a), 6(b), 6(c), or 6(d), as applicable, or the provisions
of Section 7, payment of the severance and benefits hereunder shall be made or commence to be made as soon as practicable following
Employees termination of employment.

(f) Exclusive
Remedy. In the event of a termination of Employees employment with the Company (or any parent, subsidiary or successor
of the Company), the provisions of this Section 6 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies
to which Employee or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other
than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses). Employee will be entitled
to no other severance, benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon a termination of employment, including, without limitation,
any severance payments and/or benefits provided in the Employment Agreement, other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 6
of this Agreement or pursuant to written equity award agreements with the Company.

(g) No
Duty to Mitigate. Employee will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will
any earnings that Employee may receive from any other source reduce any such payment. Following a Change of Control, the Company agrees
to pay as incurred (within 10 days following the Companys receipt of an invoice from the Employee), to the full extent permitted
by law, all legal fees and expenses that Employee may reasonably incur as a result of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof)
by the Company, the Employee or others of the validity or enforceability of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of any contest by the Employee about the amount of any payment pursuant to this
Agreement), plus, in each case, interest on any delayed payment at the applicable federal rate provided for in Code Section 7872(f)(2)(A).

(h) Deemed
Resignation. Upon termination of Employees employment for any reason, Employee shall be deemed to have resigned from all
offices and directorships, if any, then held with the Company and its affiliates.

7

7. Conditions
to Receipt of Severance.

(a) Release
of Claims Agreement. The receipt of any severance payments or benefits pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Employee signing
and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in the form attached hereto as Attachment A (the Release),
which must become effective no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Employees termination of employment (the Release
Deadline), and if not, Employee will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement. To become effective,
the Release must be executed by Employee and any revocation periods (as required by statute, regulation, or otherwise) must have expired
without Employee having revoked the Release. In addition, in no event will severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the
Release actually becomes effective. If the termination of employment occurs at a time during the calendar year where the Release Deadline
could occur in the calendar year following the calendar year in which Employees termination of employment occurs, then any severance
payments or benefits under this Agreement that would be considered deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) will
be paid on the first payroll date to occur during the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination occurs, or such
later time as required by (i) the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit as set forth in Section 6, (ii) the
date the Release becomes effective, or (iii) Section 7(d)(ii); provided that the first payment shall include all amounts that
would have been paid to Employee if payment had commenced on the date of Employees termination of employment.

(b) Restrictive
Covenants. The receipt of any termination benefits pursuant to Section 6 will be subject to Employee not violating the provisions
of Section 9. In the event Employee breaches the provisions of Section 9, all continuing payments and benefits to which Employee
may otherwise be entitled pursuant to Section 6 will immediately cease.

(c) Confidential
Information Agreement. Employees receipt of any payments or benefits under Section 6 will be subject to Employee continuing
to comply with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 11(a) below).

(d) Section 409A.

(i) The
parties hereto intend that the payments and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from Section 409A (as defined below) or, to the
extent not exempt, comply therewith and, accordingly, this Agreement shall be interpreted consistent with such intent. Nothing in this
Agreement shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for any tax (including a tax or penalty due as a result of a failure
to comply with Section 409A) from Employee to the Company or to any other individual or entity.

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of taxes and penalties under Section 409A,
(A) no severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Employee, if any, pursuant to this Agreement will be paid or otherwise
provided until Employee has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A; (B) if Employee is a
specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Employees termination of employment
(other than due to death), then any severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Employee within the first six (6) months
following Employees separation from service will become payable on the first to occur of the Employees death or the first
payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Employees separation
from service, and all subsequent severance pay or benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable
to each payment or benefit. Each payment, installment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment
for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations; and (C) (1) all reimbursements hereunder shall
be made on or prior to the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which Employee incurred the expense, (2) any
right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (3) the amount
of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided in any calendar year shall not in any way affect the expenses eligible
for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year.

8

(iii) The
Company and Employee agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions
that are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to
Employee under Section 409A.

8. Definition
of Terms. The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings:

(a) Cause.
Cause means:

(i) Employees
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his or her duties and responsibilities to the Company (other than resulting
from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) that is, or is reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to
the Company;

(ii) Employees
commission of any act of fraud, theft, embezzlement, or any other willful misconduct that has caused or that is, or is reasonably expected
to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

(iii) Employees
conviction of, or pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or a lesser crime involving moral turpitude; provided that such lesser
crime that is, or is reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

(iv) Employee
has willfully violated the Companys employment discrimination, sexual harassment or fraternization policies or any other material
written Company policy, in each case as they may be in effect from time to time (after a good faith investigation by the Board or the
Compensation Committee of the Board);

(v) Employees
alcohol abuse or other substance abuse that materially impairs Employees ability to perform his obligations and that is, or is
reasonably expected to be, materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company;

(vi) Employees
unauthorized and willful use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Employee
owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company; or

9

(vii) Employees
material and willful breach of any restrictive covenants to which the Employee has agreed to in writing with respect to the Company.

For purposes of this Section 8(a),
no act, or failure to act, on the part of the Employee (A) that has occurred prior to the date hereof shall be deemed to be for Cause
or (B) shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Employee in bad faith and without
reasonable belief that the Employees action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Prior to a termination of the
Employees employment for Cause, the Company will provide the Employee with written notice describing the facts
and circumstances that the Company believes constitutes Cause and, in cases where the Company reasonably determines that cure is possible,
the Employee shall be provided a 20-day period during which he may cure the circumstances alleged to constitute Cause. Any act, or failure
to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the lawful and reasonable directives
of the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by
the Employee in good faith or in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the Employee shall not be deemed to
be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Employee a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote
of not less than a majority of the entire membership of the Board (excluding the Employee, if the Employee is a member of the Board) at
a meeting of the Board (after reasonable notice is provided to the Employee and the Employee is given an opportunity, together with counsel
for the Employee, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Employee is guilty of the conduct
described in this Section 8(a), and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

(b) Change
of Control. Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Companys 2022 Omnibus Incentive
Plan; provided, however, that a management led buyout shall not be considered a Change of Control for purposes of this Agreement.

(c) Code.
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(d) Disability.
Disability or Disabled means that Employee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted, or
can be expected to last, for a continuous period of not less than one (1) year.

(e) Good
Reason. Good Reason means Employees termination of employment within thirty (30) days following the
expiration of any cure period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Employees consent:

(i) A
change in Employees title or reporting relationship or a material reduction of Employees duties, authority or responsibilities,
relative to Employees duties, authority or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction;

(ii) A
material change in the geographic location of Employees primary work facility or location from Manhattan, NY; or

10

(iii) A
material breach by the Company of a material provision of this Agreement (other than a breach by the Company of Section 1 of the
Agreement which shall be covered instead by clause (i) of this definition of Good Reason).

Employee will not resign for
Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason
within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period of not less than thirty (30)
days following the date the Company receives such notice during which such condition must not have been cured.

(f) Governmental
Authority. Governmental Authority means any federal, state, municipal, foreign or other government, governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, or any private or public court or tribunal.

(g) Person.
Person shall be construed in the broadest sense and means and includes any natural person, a partnership, a corporation,
an association, a joint stock company, a limited liability company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization and other
entity or Governmental Authority.

(h) Retirement.
Retirement means the Employees resignation of employment (other than for Good Reason) on or after the Employees
attainment of age 65 with five consecutive years of service with the Company (inclusive of any prior service with Pine River or the Company
prior to the internalization).

(i) Section 409A.
Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and the final regulations and any guidance promulgated thereunder
or any state law equivalent.

9. Restrictive
Covenants.

(a) Non-Competition.
During Employment Term and continuing until the nine (9) month anniversary of the date when Employees Employment terminated
for any reason, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer, directly or indirectly,
whether alone or in conjunction with others, as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, partner, shareholder, corporate officer,
director, or through any other kind of ownership or in any other representative or individual capacity: (i) engage or participate
in, manage, operate, join, render any services to, or acquire any financial or beneficial interest in, any business or activity anywhere
in the world that competes with the Companys business as in effect or with respect to which the Company has taken material steps
to implement during Employees employment or as of the date of termination of such employment (Competitive Business);
(ii) permit Employees name directly or indirectly to be used by or to become associated with any other person in connection
with a business that is competitive or substantially similar to the Company; or (iii) induce or assist any other person to engage
in any of the activities described in clauses (i) or (ii) above; provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not
be a violation of this Section 9(a) for Employee to do any of the foregoing (A) for any person, entity or affiliated group
of entities so long as Employee is not directly involved with the division, subsidiary or business engaged in the Competitive Business,
(B) for any person, entity or affiliated group of entities that derives ten percent or less of its revenues from the Competitive
Business, or (C) own up to five percent of the securities of any person, entity or affiliated group of entities engaged in a Competitive
Business.

11

(b) Non-Solicitation.
During the Employment Term and continuing until the first anniversary of the date when Employees Employment terminated for any
reason, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Companys Chief Executive Officer, directly or indirectly,
personally or through others, solicit, recruit or attempt to solicit or recruit (on Employees own behalf or on behalf of any other
Person) either (i) any current employee or any substantially full-time consultant of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates,
(ii) any former employee or consultant of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates who left the Companys (or such
affiliates) service within the six (6) months preceding the Employees termination date (unless such former employee
was terminated by the Company without Cause or resigned for Good Reason), or (iii) the business of any customer of the Company or
any of the Companys affiliates on whom Employee called or with whom Employee became acquainted during Employees Employment,
excluding solicitation of any customer for a business activity that is not related to any current business activity of the Company. Employee
represents that Employee is (i) familiar with the foregoing covenant not to solicit, and (ii) fully aware of Employees
obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonableness of the length of time, scope and geographic coverage of these
covenants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 9(b) shall (1) not apply to the Employees personal administrative
staff who perform secretarial-type functions, (2) not prohibit the Employee from serving as a reference and (3) not apply to
general solicitations that are not targeted at Company employees.

(c) Non-Disparagement.
Employee shall not make any remarks disparaging the conduct or character of the Company, any of the Companys affiliates, any of
the Companys or any Company affiliates current or former employees, officers, directors, successors or assigns. The Company
shall not make any official remarks, and shall instruct its directors and executive officers not to make any remarks, disparaging the
conduct or character of the Employee. Nothing in this Section 9(c) shall limit either partys ability to make truthful
statements as required by law or legal process, to assert a legal claim or as a defense in any legal proceeding.

If any restriction set forth
in this Section 9 is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it extends for too long a period of
time or over too great a range of activities or in too broad a geographic area, it shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum
period of time, range of activities or geographic area as to which it may be enforceable. Employee understands that the restrictions contained
in this Section 9 are necessary for the protection of the business and goodwill of the Company and Employee considers them to be
reasonable and necessary to protect and maintain the proprietary and other legitimate business interests of the Company and that the enforcement
of such restrictive covenants shall not prevent Employee from earning a livelihood. Employee further acknowledges that the Company would
be irreparably harmed and damaged if any of the covenants in this Section 9 are breached and that the remedy at law for any breach
or threatened breach of this Section 9, if such breach or threatened breach is held by a court to exist, shall be inadequate and,
accordingly, that the Company shall, in addition to all other available remedies, be entitled to injunctive relief without being required
to post bond or other security and without having to prove the inadequacy of the available remedies at law. Employee hereby waives trial
by jury and agrees not to plead or defend on grounds of inadequate remedy at law or any element thereof in an action by the Company against
Employee for injunctive relief or for specific performance of any obligation pursuant to this Agreement. The period of time during which
the provisions of this Section 9 shall apply shall be extended by the length of time during which Employee may be in breach of the
terms hereof.

12

10. Golden
Parachute.

(a) Anything
in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if any payment or benefit Employee would receive from the Company or otherwise (Payment)
would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code; and (ii) but for
this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then such
Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of
the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax; or (y) the largest portion, up to and
including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount, after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes,
income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Employees receipt, on an after-tax
basis, of the greater amount of the Payment. Any reduction made pursuant to this Section 10(a) shall be made in accordance with
the following order of priority: (i) stock options whose exercise price exceeds the fair market value of the optioned stock (Underwater
Options) (ii) Full Credit Payments (as defined below) that are payable in cash, (iii) non-cash (other than those
described in clause (vi) below) Full Credit Payments that are taxable, (iv) non-cash (other than those described in clause (vi) below)
Full Credit Payments that are not taxable (v) Partial Credit Payments (as defined below) and (vi) non-cash employee welfare
benefits. In each case, reductions shall be made in reverse chronological order such that the payment or benefit owed on the latest date
following the occurrence of the event triggering the excise tax will be the first payment or benefit to be reduced (with reductions made
pro-rata in the event payments or benefits are owed at the same time). Full Credit Payment means a payment, distribution
or benefit, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, that if reduced
in value by one dollar reduces the amount of the parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) by one dollar, determined
as if such payment, distribution or benefit had been paid or distributed on the date of the event triggering the excise tax. Partial
Credit Payment means any payment, distribution or benefit that is not a Full Credit Payment.

(b) Golden
Parachute Tax Solutions LLC or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm selected by the Company prior to the
Change of Control and acceptable to Employee (the Accounting Firm) shall perform the foregoing calculations related
to the Excise Tax; provided that in no event shall the Accounting Firm be a firm providing advice to a third party effectuating the Change
of Control. If a reduction is required pursuant to Section 10(a), the Accounting Firm shall administer the ordering of the reduction
as set forth in Section 10(a). The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required
to be made hereunder. In connection with making determinations under this Section, the Accounting Firm shall take into account the value
of any reasonable compensation for services to be rendered by the Employee before or after the Change of Control, including any non-competition
provisions that may apply to the Employee, and the Company shall cooperate in the valuation of any such services, including any non-competition
provisions

13

(c) The
Accounting Firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation,
to Employee and the Company (i) as soon as administratively practicable prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs (ii) as
soon as administratively practicable following Employees termination of employment and (iii) within fifteen (15) calendar
days after the date on which Employees right to a Payment is triggered. Any good faith determinations of the Accounting Firm made
hereunder shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon Employee and the Company.

11. Continuing
Commitments. Employee acknowledges and agrees to continue to comply with the terms of that certain Confidential Information and
Inventions Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2020, between Employee and the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement),
which shall continue to remain in full force and effect.

12. Arbitration.

(a) Arbitration.
In consideration of Employees Employment with the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment-related disputes, and Employees
receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Employee by the Company, at present and in the future, Employee agrees
that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with the Company and any employee, officer, director, or benefit plan of the Company
in their capacity as such or otherwise arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Employees Employment with the Company or
termination thereof, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to New York law. The Federal
Arbitration Act shall also apply with full force and effect.

(b) Dispute
Resolution. Disputes that Employee agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a jury trial, include any statutory
claims under local, state, or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the
Sarbanes Oxley Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the New York State Human Rights Law, New York Equal Rights
Law, New York Whistleblower Protection Law, New York Family Leave Law, New York Equal Pay Law, the New York City Human Rights Law, claims
of harassment, discrimination, and wrongful termination, and any statutory or common law claims. Employee and the Company further understand
that this agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Employee.

(c) Procedure.
Employee agrees that any arbitration will be administered by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS),
pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules & Procedures (the JAMS Rules). The arbitrator shall have the
power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication, motions
to dismiss and demurrers, and motions for class certification, prior to any arbitration hearing. The arbitrator shall have the power to
award any remedies available under applicable law, and the arbitrator shall award attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party,
except as prohibited by law. The Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the administrator or JAMS, and all
arbitrators fees, except that Employee shall pay any filing fees associated with any arbitration that Employee initiates, but only
so much of the filing fee as Employee would have instead paid had Employee filed a complaint in a court of law. Employee agrees that the
arbitrator shall administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with New York law, and that the arbitrator shall apply substantive
and procedural New York law to any dispute or claim, without reference to the rules of conflict of law. To the extent that the JAMS
Rules conflict with New York law, New York law shall take precedence. The decision of the arbitrator shall be in writing. Any arbitration
under this Agreement shall be conducted in New York County, New York.

14

(d) Remedy.
Arbitration shall be the sole, exclusive, and final remedy for any dispute between Employee and the Company. Accordingly, except as
provided by this Agreement or to enforce a judgement against the Company, neither Employee nor the Company will be permitted to pursue
court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard
or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise
required by law that the Company has not adopted.

(e) Administrative
Relief. Employee is not prohibited from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state, or federal administrative body or
government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, including, but not limited to, the Department
of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or the Workers
Compensation Board. However, Employee may not pursue court action regarding any such claim, except as permitted by law.

(f) Voluntary
Nature of Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress
or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that Employee has carefully read this Agreement
and that Employee has asked any questions needed for Employee to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement
and fully understands it, including that EMPLOYEE IS WAIVING EMPLOYEES RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.

(g) Independent
Advice. Employee acknowledges that Employee has been advised to obtain independent advice and legal counsel to advise Employee
concerning this Agreement, and that Employee has either done so or has knowingly waived that opportunity of Employees own free
choice. Neither the Company nor any attorneys for the Company have advised Employee concerning this Agreement, and Employee is relying
solely upon the advice of Employees own independent counsel (if any); nor has the Company or any attorneys for the Company coerced,
used undue influence, or otherwise induced Employee to enter into this Agreement.

13. Successors.

(a) Companys
Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger,
consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business and/or assets. For all purposes under
this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the Companys business or assets that become
bound by this Agreement or any affiliate of any such successor that employs Employee.

15

(b) Employees
Successors. This Agreement and all of Employees rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by,
Employees personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

14. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

(a) Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify and advance Employee expenses to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Companys Bylaws
with respect to Employees service, and that certain Indemnification Agreement, and Employee shall also be covered under a directors
and officers liability insurance policy on terms no less favorable than that provided to other directors and officers of the Company,
which shall be paid for by the Company to the extent that the Company maintains such a liability insurance policy now or in the future.
This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.

(b) Headings.
All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

(c) Notice.

(i) General.
Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when
personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In Employees
case, mailed notices shall be addressed to Employee at the home address that Employee most recently communicated to the Company in writing.
In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices shall be directed to the
attention of its Secretary.

(ii) Notice
of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Employee for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination
to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 14(c)(i) of this Agreement. Such notice will indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30)
days after the giving of such notice), subject to any applicable cure period. The failure by Employee or the Company to include in the
notice any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause, as applicable, will not waive any right of Employee
or the Company, as applicable, hereunder or preclude Employee or the Company, as applicable, from asserting such fact or circumstance
in enforcing his or her or its rights hereunder, as applicable.

(d) Modifications
and Waivers. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge
is agreed to in writing and signed by Employee and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Employee). No waiver by either
party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver
of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

16

(e) Whole
Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Indemnification Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, supersedes any prior
agreement related to the subject matter hereof (including the Prior Agreement); provided, however, that nothing herein shall supersede
any restrictive covenants applicable to Employee in any other agreement, plan or arrangement with the Company or any of its affiliates.
No other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) that are not expressly
set forth in this Agreement have been made or entered into by either party with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement,
the Indemnification Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

(f) Withholding
Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to reduction to reflect taxes or other deductions required to be
withheld by law.

(g) Choice
of Law and Severability. This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving
effect to provisions governing the choice of law. If any provision of this Agreement becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any applicable jurisdiction by reason of the scope, extent or duration of its coverage, then such provision shall be deemed amended
to the minimum extent necessary to conform to applicable law so as to be valid and enforceable or, if such provision cannot be so amended
without materially altering the intention of the parties, then such provision shall be stricken and the remainder of this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement is rendered illegal by any present or future statute, law, ordinance
or regulation (collectively, the Law) then that provision shall be curtailed or limited only to the minimum extent
necessary to bring the provision into compliance with the Law. All the other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect without impairment or limitation.

(h) Clawback/Recoupment.
Employee shall be subject to any clawback or recoupment provisions as may be required pursuant to any applicable laws, government regulations,
stock exchange listing requirements or Company policies in effect from time to time, including the Companys Clawback Policy, as
adopted pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act.

(i) No
Assignment. This Agreement and all of Employees rights and obligations hereunder are personal to Employee and may not be
transferred or assigned by Employee at any time. The Company may assign its rights under this Agreement to any entity that assumes the
Companys obligations hereunder in connection with any sale or transfer to such entity of all or a substantial portion of the Companys
assets.

(j) Acknowledgment.
Employee acknowledges that Employee has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Employees personal
attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understood all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly
and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

(k) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Execution of a facsimile copy will have the same force and effect as execution of an original,
and a facsimile signature will be deemed an original and valid signature.

17

(l) Electronic
Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Agreement by electronic means.
Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery.

(m) Survival.
Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties shall survive such expiration
or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

18

After you have had an opportunity
to review this Agreement, please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments. To indicate your acceptance of this Agreement,
please sign and date this letter in the space provided below and return it to the Company.

Very truly yours,

GRANITE POINT MORTGAGE TRUST INC.

By: /s/ John A. Taylor

(Signature)

Name: John A. Taylor

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

STEVEN PLUST 

/s/ Steven Plust 

(Signature) 

January 7, 2025 

Date 

Attachment A: General Release of Claims
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm251866d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. Announces

COO Transition

Ethan Lebowitz to Succeed Steven Plust as COO
by May 1, 2025

Steven Plust to remain as Senior Managing Director

NEW
YORK, January 7, 2025 Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. (NYSE: GPMT) ("GPMT," "Granite Point"
or the "Company") today announced that Ethan Lebowitz, Managing Director, will succeed Steven Plust as Chief Operating Officer
effective no later than May 1, 2025. Mr. Lebowitz will serve as Deputy Chief Operating Officer until the COO transition is effective.

Following the transition, Mr. Plust will remain
with Granite Point as a Senior Managing Director full-time until his retirement from the Company, which will be no later than December
31, 2027. In this capacity, he will continue to serve the Company in a senior role, including on various management committees, such
as the Companys Investment Committee.

I want to thank Steve for his considerable
contributions so far to Granite Point since our Companys inception, said Jack Taylor, President and Chief Executive Officer
of Granite Point. Steve has played a critical role in shaping our strategy and building our strong operational foundation. We
are pleased that we will continue to benefit from his tremendous expertise and experience.

Mr. Taylor continued, Ethan has demonstrated
exceptional leadership, deep industry acumen and keen strategic vision over his many year career with us, including at Granite Point
since its inception. I am excited to welcome him to the executive team. His appointment reflects our deep bench of talent across the
organization and our ability to develop the next generation of leaders.

Having served as Granite Points
COO since the Companys inception, I believe now is the right time for me to transition the role to Ethans capable hands,
said Mr. Plust. I am proud of what we have built at Granite Point and have the utmost confidence in Granite Points future,
and am focused on supporting Jack, Ethan and the rest of the leadership team as we continue to build on our significant momentum.

I am thrilled to succeed Steve as COO
at this important time for Granite Point, said Mr. Lebowitz. I look forward to working alongside the executive team as
we continue to execute key initiatives to enhance our resilience and successfully navigate the current environment and position Granite
Point to drive profitable growth.

About Ethan Lebowitz

Ethan Lebowitz is a veteran commercial real estate
leader, with more than two decades of investment and originations experience, who has worked with senior members of the Granite Point
team for many years, including most recently serving as a Managing Director of Granite Point. Prior to his time at Granite Point, he
was a Vice President of Prudential Real Estate Investors within the global high yield debt business from 2010 to 2015. He previously
served in various positions with Five Mile Capital Partners, Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial. Mr. Lebowitz holds a B.A. from
Brandeis University in History.

About Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc.

Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. is a Maryland
corporation focused on directly originating, investing in and managing senior floating rate commercial mortgage loans and other debt
and debt-like commercial real estate investments. Granite Point is headquartered in New York, NY. Additional information is
available at www.gpmtreit.com.

1

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains, or incorporates
by reference, not only historical information, but also forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ from our beliefs,
expectations, estimates, projections and illustrations and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements are not historical in nature and can be identified by words such as anticipate,
estimate, will, should, expect, target, believe,
outlook, potential, continue, intend, seek, plan,
goals, future, likely, may and similar expressions or their negative forms, or
by references to strategy, plans or intentions. The illustrative examples herein are forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, are not statements of historical facts or guarantees of future performance and are
subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions or changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. Our expectations,
beliefs and estimates are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance
that management's expectations, beliefs and estimates will prove to be correct or be achieved, and actual results may vary materially
from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements are subject
to risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023, under the caption Risk Factors, and any subsequent Form 10-Q or other filings made with the SEC. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

This press release is for informational purposes
only and shall not constitute, or form a part of, an offer to sell or buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities.

Contact

Investors: Chris Petta Investor Relations, Granite
Point Mortgage Trust Inc., (212) 364-5500, investors@gpmtreit.com.

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gpmt-20250107.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gpmt-20250107_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gpmt-20250107_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

7.00% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>gpmt-20250107_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2518666d1_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 07, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38124

Entity Registrant Name Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001703644

Entity Tax Identification Number 61-1843143

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 3 Bryant Park

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
2400A

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10036

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 364-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol GPMT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

7.00% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.00%
Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01
per share

Trading Symbol GPMTPrA

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=gpmt_SeriesA700percentageFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockparvaluedollar001pershareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gpmortgagetrust.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gpmt-20250107.xsd 
gpmt-20250107_def.xml 
gpmt-20250107_lab.xml 
gpmt-20250107_pre.xml 
tm251866d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-001571-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm251866d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001703644 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

0001703644 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

0001703644 

gpmt:SeriesA700percentageFixedtoFloatingRateCumulativeRedeemablePreferredStockparvaluedollar001pershareMember 

2025-01-07 
2025-01-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001703644 
8-K 
2025-01-07 
Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. 
MD 
001-38124 
61-1843143 
3 Bryant Park 
Suite 2400A 
New York 
NY 
10036 
212 
364-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
GPMT 
NYSE 
7.00% Series A Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
GPMTPrA 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>