<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-031996.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-031996.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404080027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-031996
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ClearSign Technologies Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434524
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35521
		FILM NUMBER:		25812076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8023 E. 63RD PLACE, SUITE 101
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74133
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(918) 236-6461

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8023 E. 63RD PLACE, SUITE 101
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74133

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080507
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000143452400014345242025-04-012025-04-01iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 1, 2025

CLEARSIGN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

Delaware 001-35521 26-2056298

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8023 E. 63rd Place, Suite 101

Tulsa,
Oklahoma74133

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code) 

(918) 236-6461

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below).

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13(e)-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock CLIR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

To
the extent required, the information set forth below in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference
in its entirety.

Item 3.01. Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard: Transfer of Listing.

On
April 1, 2025, ClearSign Technologies Corporation (the Company) received a letter (the Notice) from the
Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff) of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) indicating that, based upon
the closing bid price of the Companys common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days beginning on February 18, 2025,
and ending on March 31, 2025, the Company no longer meets the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of $1 per share, as set
forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until September 29,
2025, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, the closing bid price of the
Companys common stock must be at least $1 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during this 180 day period.
In the event that the Company does not regain compliance within this 180 day period, the Company may be eligible to seek an additional
compliance period of 180 calendar days if it meets the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all
other initial listing standards for Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and provides written notice to Nasdaq of
its intent to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. However, if
it appears to the Staff that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if the Company is not otherwise eligible, Nasdaq
will provide notice to the Company that its common stock will be subject to delisting.

The
Notice does not result in the immediate delisting of the Companys common stock from Nasdaq. The Company intends to monitor the
closing bid price of the Companys common stock and consider its available options in the event that the closing bid price of the
Companys common stock remains below $1 per share. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance
with the minimum bid price requirement or maintain compliance with the other listing requirements.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
April 2, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024
(the Financial Results). The press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Item 7.01.

Also
on April 2, 2025, the Company held a conference call discussing the Financial Results and other business related information. A transcript
of this conference call is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference in
its entirety into this Item 7.01.

The
information furnished with this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

99.1** Press Release, dated April 2, 2025.

99.2** Transcript of Conference Call held on April 2, 2025. 

104* Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 4, 2025

CLEARSIGN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: /s/ Colin James Deller

Name: Colin James Deller

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

ClearSign Technologies Corporation Provides
Full Year 2024 Update

Company Achieves Record Annual Revenue of $3.6
Million

TULSA,
Okla., April 2, 2025 -- ClearSign Technologies Corporation (Nasdaq: CLIR) (ClearSign or the Company),
an emerging leader in industrial combustion and sensing technologies that support decarbonization, improve operational
and energy efficiency, enable the use of hydrogen as a fuel and enhance safety while dramatically reducing emissions, today provides an
update on operations for the full year ended December 31, 2024.

We are very happy with what we have accomplished in the past
year, said Jim Deller, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of ClearSign. We reported record revenue resulting from both process
burner and boiler burner orders. We are also building our reputation in the industry as a technology solutions provider and expanding
our network of sales channels through original equipment manufacturers, such as heater manufacturers. Additionally, we are continuing
to develop our collaborative working relationship with Zeeco following our announcement late last year that we engaged their sales and
marketing organizations. We are also continuously enhancing and innovating our product offerings to both expand our scope and grow our
total serviceable market, with an additional focus on diversifying the value our products provide to beyond providing low-NOx emissions.
Some of these innovations include the hydrogen burner, the M-Series burners, advanced flares and thermal oxidizers and our improvements
to ClearSign Eye sensor. We believe we have a healthy project and proposal pipeline and expect that to grow during 2025. We are very optimistic
about our achievements and how they will impact ClearSign in the coming years.

Strategic and Operational Highlights

Recent strategic and operational highlights during, and subsequent
to, the end of the fourth quarter 2024 include:

Reported
Record Annual Revenue: For the full year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized approximately $3.6 million in
revenues compared to $2.4 million for the comparable period in 2023. The year-over-year increase in revenue was driven predominantly by
the shipment of an order for 20 process burners to a California refinery customer.

Announced
Launch of Co-Branded ClearSign Core Process Burner Product Line with Zeeco, Inc. (Zeeco): The Company expanded
its collaborative working relationship with Zeeco, a world leader in advanced combustion solutions, to launch a co-branded process burner
line called the Zeeco CS5 and Zeeco hydrogen CS5 Burners. This new line of burners featuring ClearSign Core technology can fire 100% natural
gas and 100% hydrogen while maintaining sub 5 ppm NOx to comply with strict emission regulations. Both
companies are collaborating on global sales and marketing of this new burner line.

Announced
Purchase Order for Multi Heater Project for Texas Petrochemical Facility: The Company received the follow-on purchase order
from engineering and heater manufacturer Birwelco USA Inc. (a BIH Group company), followed by the completion of the initial
engineering phase, for the second phase of a project to retrofit four process heaters with a total of 26 ClearSign Core burners
to be installed in the Gulf Coast facility of a Fortune 500 global chemical company.

ClearSign
Technologies Corporation to Install ClearSign Eye Sensors at Supermajor Gulf Coast Refinery: The Company is installing four
ClearSign Eye sensors into a supermajor refinery located on the U.S. Gulf Coast. The ClearSign Eye sensors are expected be installed on
each burner of a multi burner process heater in a U.S. Gulf Coast refinery in the second quarter of this year.

Announced
Flare Order for Energy Company in California: The order from a prior flare customer is for the initial engineering for a flare
retrofit to be installed at another production facility. The final product is expected to be fabricated and shipped in the second quarter
of 2025 and to be installed at the customers site in the San Joaquin Valley of California.

Announced
Burner Orders for Power Generation Customers in Oklahoma and Missouri: ClearSign has received two burner orders approximately
a month apart from Exotherm Corporation of Houston, Texas (Exotherm). The first burner order was for installation
in a heater in Oklahoma for use by a power generation company. The second burner order was for a different power generation
company, for installation and use in Missouri.

Financial Information

Cash and cash equivalents were approximately $14 million as of December 31,
2024.

There were 50,285,509 shares of the Companys common stock issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2024.

Conference Call

The Company will be hosting a call at 5:00 PM ET today.
Investors interested in participating on the live call can dial 1-800-836-8184 within the U.S. or 1-646-357-8785 from abroad.
Investors can also access the call online through a listen-only webcast at https://app.webinar.net/Wz0nBdWqPeV or on
the investor relations section of the Company's website at http://ir.clearsign.com/overview.

The Company will host a Q&A session during the call and investors
wishing to submit a question ahead of time can do so by emailing questions to mselinger@firmirgroup.com.

The webcast will be archived on the Companys investor relations
website for at least 90 days and a telephonic playback of the conference call will be available by calling 1-888-660-6345 within the U.S.
or 1-646-517-4150 from abroad. Conference ID #35253. The telephonic playback will be available for 7 days after the conference call.

About ClearSign Technologies Corporation

ClearSign Technologies Corporation designs and develops products and
technologies for the purpose of decarbonization and improving key performance characteristics of industrial and commercial systems, including operational
performance, energy efficiency, emission reduction, safety, the use of hydrogen as a fuel and overall cost-effectiveness. Our patented
technologies, embedded in established OEM products as ClearSign Core and ClearSign Eye and other sensing configurations,
enhance the performance of combustion systems and fuel safety systems in a broad range of markets, including the energy (upstream oil
production and down-stream refining), commercial/industrial boiler, chemical, petrochemical, transport and power industries. For more
information, please visit www.clearsign.com.

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

All statements
in this press release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. You can find many (but not
all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, expects,
anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, would,
should, could, may, will or other similar expressions. While management has based
any forward-looking statements included in this press release on its current expectations on the Companys strategy, plans, intentions,
performance, or future occurrences or results, the information on which such expectations were based may change. These forward-looking
statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors,
many of which are outside of the Companys control, that could cause actual results to materially differ from such statements.
Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, the Companys ability to successfully deliver,
install, and meet the performance obligations of the Companys burners, sensors, flares and any other products it may offer from
time to time in the markets it operate in, and any other markets the Company may sell products in; the performance of the Companys
products, including its ultra-low NOx burner and the related fuel and electricity savings; the Companys ability to timely fabricate
and ship its burners, sensors, flares and any other products it may offer from time to time; the Companys ability to further expand
the sale of ultra-low NOx process and boiler burners; the Companys and Zeecos ability to successfully market the co-branded
process burner line with Zeeco; the Companys ability to diversify its product offerings through different applications of its
technologies and core competencies; the Companys ability to successfully perform engineering orders; the Companys ability
to successfully develop the 100% hydrogen burner; general business and economic conditions; the performance of management and the Companys
employees; the Companys ability to obtain financing, when needed; the Companys ability to compete with competitors; whether
the Companys technology will be accepted and adopted and other factors identified in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and
other factors that are detailed in the Companys periodic and current reports available for review at www.sec.gov.
Furthermore, the Company operates in a competitive environment where new and unanticipated risks may arise. Accordingly, investors should
not place any reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The Company disclaims any intention to, and,
except as may be required by law, undertakes no obligation to, update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that subsequently occur or of which the Company hereafter become aware.

For further information:

Investor Relations:

Matthew Selinger

Firm IR Group for ClearSign

+1 415-572-8152

mselinger@firmirgroup.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

ClearSign Technologies Corporation

Fourth Quarter and Full Year
2024 Conference Call

Event Date/Time: April 2,
2025 5:00 p.m. E.T.

Length: 51 minutes

While Cision has used commercially reasonable efforts to produce this transcript, it does not represent or warrant that this transcript
is error-free. Cision will not be responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, loss of profits or other damages
or liabilities which may arise out of or result from any use made of this transcript or any error contained therein.

Bien que Cision ait fait des efforts commercialement raisonnables afin de produire cette transcription, la socit
ne peut affirmer ou garantir quelle ne contient aucune erreur. Cision ne peut tre tenue responsable pour toute perte de
profits ou autres dommage ou responsabilit caus par ou dcoulant directement, indirectement, accessoirement ou
spcialement de toute erreur lie lutilisation de ce texte ou toute erreur quil contiendrait.

Corporate
participants

Matthew Selinger

Firm IR Group Investor
Relations

Brent Hinds

ClearSign Technologies Corporation
VP of Finance

Jim Deller

ClearSign Technologies Corporation
Chief Executive Officer

Conference
Call Participants

Robert Kecseg

Las Colinas Capital Management
Analyst

2

PRESENTATION

Operator

Good morning
and welcome to the ClearSign Technologies Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode.

Should you
need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the * key, followed by 0.

After todays
presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press the * key, and then the 1 on your touch-tone
phone. To withdraw your question, please press *, then 2.

Please note
this event is being recorded.

I would now
like to turn the conference over to Matthew Selinger of Firm IR Group. Please go ahead.

Matthew
Selinger Investor Relations, Firm IR Group

Good afternoon
and thank you, Operator. Welcome, everyone, to the ClearSign Technologies Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results Conference
Call.

During this
conference call, the Company will make forward-looking statements. Any statement that is not a statement of historical fact is a forward-looking
statement. This includes remarks about the Companys projections, expectations, plans, beliefs, and prospects. These statements
are based on judgments and analysis as of the date of this conference call and are subject to numerous important risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

3

The risks
and uncertainties associated with the forward-looking statements made in this conference call include, but are not limited to, whether
field testing and sales of ClearSigns products will be successfully completed, whether ClearSign will be successful in expanding
the market for its product, and other risks that are described in ClearSigns filings with the SEC, including those discussed under
the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2024.

Except as
required by law, ClearSign assumes no responsibility to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or actual outcomes
and does not intend to do so.

So on the
call with me today are Jim Deller, ClearSigns Chief Executive Officer, and Brent Hinds, ClearSigns Chief Financial Officer.

At this point, I
would like to turn the call over to Brent Hinds. So, Brent, please go ahead.

Brent
Hinds VP of Finance, ClearSign Technologies Corporation

Thank you,
Matthew. Thank you to everyone joining us here today.

Before I begin, Id
like to note that our financial results on Form 10-K was filed with the SEC on March 31st.

With that, Id
like to give an overview of the financials for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024.

For the fourth
quarter of 2024, ClearSign recognized approximately $590,000 in revenues, compared to $1.3 million for the same comparable period in 2023.

The year-over-year
difference in revenues was driven by a decrease in business activity.

During the
fourth quarter in 2023, we shipped eight process burners and completed two customer witness tests for our California refinery customer,
whereas during the fourth quarter in 2024, we shipped two boiler burners and executed a process burner engineering study.

4

Now keep in
mind, this process burner engineering study led to a follow-on purchase order of 26 burners, as noted in our November 27, 2024, press
release.

For the full
year of 2024, we recognized record revenues of approximately $3.6 million, compared to $2.4 million in 2023. This is approximately a 50
percent increase year over year.

This increase
was driven by overall year-over-year increase in business activity.

2024 revenues
were predominantly generated by the shipment of 25 process burners to two separate California refineries, whereas in 2023, revenues were
predominantly generated from the shipment of 8 process burners and 3 separate customer witness tests.

Our gross
profit margin for the year ended 2024 was approximately 31.1 percent, compared to 34 percent during the comparable period in 2023.

This year-over-year
decrease in margin was a direct result of our large 1,200-horsepower, 2.5 ppm boiler burner installation. Since this was the first installation
of the boiler burner of this size, we incurred greater-than-expected start-up costs during the fourth quarter of 2024.

Now Id
like to shift focus from revenue to cash.

Our net cash
used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2024, was approximately $4.4 million, compared to approximately $3.2 million for
the same comparable period in 2023.

This $1.2
million year-over-year decrease was driven by a $1 million decrease in contract liabilities, which basically represents monies received
from customers prior to revenue recognition.

Now turning
our focus from cash to the full year income statement.

Our net loss
for the full year 2024 was approximately $5.3 million, which is an increase of approximately $100,000 compared to the same period in 2023.

5

This increase
in net loss was due in part to a one-time, nonrecurring expense of approximately $400,000 related to our decision to place our China entity
into a dormant status.

Now I need
to note that yesterday, on April 1, 2024 (sic) [2025], we received a letter from NASDAQ, stating that we no longer meet the minimum
bid price of $1 per share. As set forth in NASDAQs listing rules, according to the rules, we have been given a period of 180 calendar
days, or until September 29, 2025, in which to regain compliance. To regain compliance, our common stocks closing price must
be at least $1 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-day cure period.

As of December 31,
2024, we had approximately $14 million in cash and cash equivalents, with approximately 50.2 million of shares of common stock outstanding.

From a financial
perspective, we believe we are well positioned to meet current customer demands, deliver on our project pipeline, and scale our business
to profitability.

With that, Id
like to turn the call over to our CEO, Jim Deller. Jim?

Jim
Deller Chief Executive Officer, ClearSign Technologies Corporation

Thank you,
Brent, for the financial overview.

As always, Id
like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today and for your interest in ClearSign.

Were
going to use a similar format today to the previous call. We have received overwhelming positive feedback from this change and believe
this provides a more engaging and assimilable conversation.

Matthew Selinger
will lead a question-and-answer session, where we will go through the main content of this call, much like the last call. We will cover
developments in our product lines, but Ill also talk about some general themes and strategies that we are implementing, and reference
this to our sales and product line updates to provide some insight into overarching ambitions and progress of a more strategic nature.
We will end off with an outlook for the rest of 2025 and into 2026 and then, as always, open up the call for Q&A.

6

A quick note
regarding the Q&A, in addition to calling in, if you wish, you can also send in questions ahead of time to our Investor Relations
at mselinger@firmirgroup.com.

Okay. Matt?

Q&A

Matthew Selinger

Great, Jim.
Lets get started.

So as Brent
mentioned, ClearSign just recorded a record revenue year. Could you give a little more of what this was comprised of, what led to this?

Jim Deller

I can. But
before we start, if I can, I think its good to just to look back a little.

If you look
back to 2021, well, we came in at just over $600,000 in revenue, as Brent mentioned. It dropped slightly in 2022. Then, as Brent mentioned,
were at $2.4 million in 2023, and then closed out last year at $3.6 million.

So last years
revenue was predominantly due to the large refinery burner process order that we shipped out to Los Angeles. That was 20 burners. Those
burners are still there on that job site. Were expecting them to start up early in the third quarter of this year. The installation
and shutdown has been delayed on-site.

7

But in addition
to that project, we had some burners shipped out to Kern Energy, who continue to be a good customer of ours. And then there were also
some midstream boiler burners that rounded that out.

Matthew Selinger

Great. Thanks
so much.

So in your
opening comments, you mentioned some higher-level themes and strategies. So before we get into the individual product lines, lets
kind of start with that, if you dont mind.

Could you
give a little moresay a little more about some of these themes and strategies youre talking about for 2025 and 2026?

Jim Deller

Certainly.
I mean, this actually started some time ago, but I think its time to start explaining what we are looking to do as we expect some
of these results to roll out.

So going back
to when I joined ClearSign back in 2019, our first objectives at that point were to prioritize and commercialize the technology that we
had, as what we called low-hanging fruit. That was the oil refinery process burners and the boiler burners. But we gave ourselves a mandate
to develop that technology into a form that the clients would need and the clients could use, and it would be easy for them to install
and for the operators to run with.

But in addition
to that, we also realized that we had to develop channels to market and be able to provide these products and technologies in a manner
that the customers were used to buying them. What that entailed isor what resulted in us forming a collaborative agreement with
Zeeco, Inc.

Zeeco isfor
those of you who dont know, Zeeco is the second-largest burner manufacturer in the world. And as part of a refining burner supply,
it is a requirement that the burners are demonstrated at full scale in an industrial test furnace to prove the emissions and the operation
requirements for the customer, and also, typically, that the products are manufactured in a shop that has been validated and meets the
certification requirements of the refining customers.

8

So we had
to come up with a way to deliver products with that capability, and we did that by forming a relationship with Zeeco.

On the boiler
burner side, you have to have a customer that provides service toor sorry, you have to have a partner that provides service to
customers. And we did that through a relationship with one of the leadingone of the service companies in California, California
Boiler. They take care of the customers.

They formed
a subsidiary called Rogue Combustion. And with our technology and Rogue Combustion providing the controls, they actually deliver the ClearSign
technology into the boiler market, marketed as a Rogue Burner.

So thatI
mean, thats a summary, but that gave us the ability to get the products recognized in the market, to make initial sales, and to
start the growth of our business, and as reflected in the revenue.

Matthew Selinger

Right.

Jim Deller

Jumping forwards
to today and more recent times

Matthew Selinger

Right.

Jim Deller

we
recognize that there is much bigger opportunity for ClearSign.

9

Matthew Selinger

Right.

Jim Deller

We have the
ability with our patents and our staff to develop technology thats applicable to much bigger markets, and that we can broaden the
regions that we sell into, the scope of our orders, and actually diversify our portfolio while staying true to the core competencies and
the skills of ClearSign. So that is what were starting to roll out now.

Matthew Selinger

All right.
So kind of in summaryand I think well kind of hit on this throughout the callthose high-level themes are diversifying
product lines, sounds like diversifying within those product lines and continue to leverage sales channels. Is that correct?

Jim Deller

Yes, that
is. And on the sales channels, in addition to partners like California Boiler and Zeeco, we sell a lot to third parties, for example,
heater manufacturers. As we sell to them, they include our products in their future offerings and will bring orders to us.

So as we sell
to new heater companies, part of that expanding our sales scope is getting more heater companies familiar with our equipment and actually
selling to more customers. They continue to be our sales channels for us going forwards.

Matthew Selinger

Fantastic.
So lets dive into the product lines.

So starting
with the process burner line, there have been a lot of developments recently, and you touched on this. You mentioned the name Zeeco, obviously,
in your comments moments ago.

10

Could you
touch on the most recent announcement with Zeeco and what that means for the Company?

Jim Deller

Yes, I
can. And this was, right, key for us. The announcement was late last year. As I mentioned, we first formed the relationship with Zeeco,
the initial requirements were to have access to the burner testing and the manufacturing capabilities of Zeeco.

But as we
discussed our collaboration, the longer-term vision for both of us was that ClearSign refinery process burners would ultimately become
a Zeeco product line. Right? But at the time, back in 2019, we recognized that the timing wasnt right to launch that then because
of the newness of the new ClearSign technology.

Coming forwards
to last year and the progress that weve made and the orders, now obviously, what Zeeco has seen in ClearSign, we have reached the
point that for both of us, we believe that it made sense to go and move our relationship to this next level. So the announcement was just
that.

We announced
a co-branded Zeeco-ClearSign burner line. Zeeco have now included ClearSign as a page in their own website. Weve developed
joint marketing materials.

And over the
last few months, we have conducted teach-ins to the Zeeco sales team because part of this arrangement is that the very large Zeeco sales
team now has ClearSign technology as an offering that they can discuss and present to their customers.

Matthew Selinger

So youre
basically saying that with the product maturity, it was deemed that this is the right time, and now the co-branded product has been launched.
Is that correct?

11

Jim Deller

Thats
correct. Yeah.

Matthew Selinger

Fantastic.
And is there any sort of initial feedback you can give in terms of these teachings or working with Zeeco?

Jim Deller

I mean, its
early days yet. Ive been in the teachings. I was part of them. And the development was met with excitement with the Zeeco sales
team. We had a lot of discussion following the presentations. They seemed very enthusiastic.

And then beyond
that, even just looking at our team here working with Zeeco, for example, the marketing teams, the collaboration and the urgency that
they have put together the materials and got the website ready, as an example, has been very pleasing. So Im very enthusiastic
and excited about this development.

Matthew Selinger

Yeah. Thats
a great development, Jim.

So also very
recently, in terms of the process burner line, it was announced that thethe debut of the M Series. Can you give a little background
of what the M Series is? Maybe what its designed for? And what differentiates this from, call it, our traditional product
line?

Jim Deller

Yes. Thank
you, Matt.

So I mean,
before as you get into the M Series, its probably worthwhile talking about the midstream market.

12

So we talked
a lot about the refining market. The midstream is really the gas processing and the transport part of the petrochemical business. There
is a different style of heater and a different heater manufacturer that works in the segment.

We had the
opportunity back in 2023I believe the announcement went out in April 2023to put what was then a modified boiler burner
into a midstream heater, sold by a company called Tulsa Heaters Midstream here in Tulsa. And that heater was based down in a petrochemical
company down on the US Gulf Coast. That burner ran well in that heater. It met the low NOx emissions. So that was the reason for the ClearSign
burner being selected.

Following
that, we got a lot more engaged in the midstream industry. We sold orders to names you might recognize now of Exotherm and Devco. And
we also recognized that this was a big opportunity for ClearSign, especially if we could develop a burner optimized for these midstream
heaters.

Another part
of the story is we hired Matthew Martin, our Chief Technology Officer, back late 2023 as part of our plan to grow our capabilities and
grow our technology. And after hiring Matthew Martin, we invested in a computer modelling system. What that does is itor one of
the things that does is it allows us to test, in a simulated fashion, a great variety of different product types and product arrangements.

And with that,
we were able to completely reimagine the structure of the ClearSign burners. Weve essentially kept the same mixing and chemistry
that allows us to get the low NOx that we do, but we were able to completely rearrange the burner to come up with a very different shape
that made it much more efficient to operate in the midstream heater.

To cut the
story short, we modelled that in the computer, we optimized the design, we created drawings from that, took it to manufacture and built
that burner right out of the computer modelling, worked with Tulsa Heaters Midstream to install that burner down in Texas Gulf Coast,
and it just ran. It gave 2 ppm NOx in a much more efficient manner. It ran up and down just (unintelligible). And it was a great success
in terms of a burner rollout.

13

It has been
a very exciting development for us, for Tulsa Heaters Midstream, and for everyone that has seen it.

Matthew Selinger

And then on
the heels of that, there was an order announced. Is that correct? A second burner going to Devco process heaters?

Jim Deller

Yes. Very
quickly after the results of that installation came outobviously, we have an NDAwe showed that to Devco. They turned around
and placed an order for one, for one of their projects.

Matthew Selinger

So then, youve
been out and talking with customers about this new product line and the efficiency savings. Can you give any kind of colour of what the
market is Feedback? Or if theres been some proposals, things like that?

Jim Deller

Yes, I
can. I mean, everywhere weve shown this burner, its got really good reception. Weve also been able to do that with
Tulsa Heaters Midstream. They have obviously seen our burner in operation. The customers that buy their heaters are also the customers
that buy our burners, so weve actually been able to make joint presentations with them.

The burners
been very well received. And I dontits early days yet. I dont have any developments to announce right here.
But based on the reception, were very excited about

14

Matthew Selinger

All right.

Jim Deller

what
this can do.

And through
these conversations, the scope of this midstream industry is vast and varied. So its a great opportunity for us to get into different
regions and to diversify ourselves away from just the ultra-low and ultra-refining

Matthew Selinger

So is

Jim Deller

part
of the industry.

Matthew Selinger

Is it safe
to say theres been a bit of buzz in the industry about this?

Jim Deller

I think thats
fair. Yes.

Matthew Selinger

Okay. And
then

Jim Deller

Yeah.

Matthew Selinger

can
you give any more colour, what we might foresee the future of this product line?

15

Jim Deller

I can. And
really, Im talking about plans, so be aware this is not done yet. But theright, Im a technical guy by background.
Like understanding the way this burner works, I believe it has a potential to convert into a very good boiler burner. I think theres
potential to modify into a refinery process heater burner for certain applications.

Also, I
believe that, right, this burner getting 2 ppm NOx exceeds the requirements of many of the opportunities out in the market. Then we have
the ability to take some of the components out, simplify the burner, still come up with what are very good NOx in the industry, but come
up with a great burner for a much broader segment of the market that doesnt need the super-low NOx that the typical ClearSign technology
does, potentially expanding our market into a much more commodity part of the industry, but still with a very high value because of the
NOx and the efficiency that this burner can deliver.

Matthew Selinger

So in a sense,
you could detune it so its not as high performanceso lets say someone doesnt need the Ferrari of burners and

Jim Deller

Yeah.

Matthew Selinger

youd
have a larger addressable market.

Jim Deller

Exactly. Yes.
Youre going back to a standard family car.

Matthew Selinger

Fantastic.
Lets then go to kind of orders in the pipeline. And when I talk about orders in the pipeline, this is on kind of our traditional
process burner business.

16

Can we talkyou refer
to some of these, Jim, in terms of an order going to the Gulf Coast. Could you kind of give an overview of what were seeing in
terms of our current process burner pipeline? 

Jim Deller

Yeah. We can.
And I think its important because, ultimately, this is the backbone of revenue and (unintelligible). So wevewell,
we have talked, weve got 20 burners out in California that have shipped. Theyre waiting to install. Those are scheduled
to install and start up early in Q3 of this year.

Weve
previously announced as well theres a four-heater order for a Fortune 500 chemical company down on the Texas Gulf Coast. Those
burners are currently in the testing phase, soon to be demonstrated to the customer. They are also scheduled for fabrication and also
scheduled for installation and start-up early in the third quarter this year. So thats going to be a busy period.

Kern Energy
continues to be a great customer of ours. They have some heaters there that we are hoping to support them and upgrade the burners in the
near future. We do not have those orders yet, I want to be clear, but that is a project that we are talking about. And theres
other work with Kern Energy, and theres some other projects were talking about.

I think one
thing of note, a bit more forward-looking, is we are starting to get involved in the initiating technology discussions for some big, like
mainstream global refinery heater conversions. So this is early days, but at the start of a project, theres normally an assessment
of the technologies available, a chance to present them right at the scoping or the FEED phase of the studies. We have not been involved
at that stage before.

Its
typically an 18-month to two-year or even longer process for those projects to get through to actual orders, but its very important
to get engaged at the time. And the fact that were being asked to be included, and these global customers are understanding what
our technology can do for them, and that weve got the credibility to be included in those conversations, I think is very significant
and, from my perspective, very pleasing.

17

Matthew Selinger

Thats
great to hear. Lets shift to boiler burners now.

I think early
last year, there was kind of a spate of orders in the boiler burner sector, and then followed by, then, the ICF report which highlighted
the efficiency of the boiler burners. But since then, its been a bit quiet.

Can you give
a little colour on whats going on? What youre seeing in the boiler burner market?

Jim Deller

I can. And
Im sorry, I dont have a lot of detail. Weve obviously tracked and dug into this, and the general information
were getting is just that market has been slow at least the past six months. Especially in California, theres just not been
much activity.

I think the
good news is, the last few weeks, weve started to see an uptick in inquiries and sales, and there are some projects which are being
talked about again, so thats very encouraging.

Also, just
while were talking to boilers, I want to note that we did announce the start-up of our 1,200-horsepower 2.5 ppm NOx burner
for a recycling plant up in Bakersfield. That was significant. I believe that burner is unique in that performance level, especially in
that size range. And getting that done and passing the performance test was a big milestone for ClearSign.

I think its
worth noting that, in addition to that, although this is in thetechnically, in the midstream sector, we did sell and start up our
biggest burner ever with Devco in a midstream heater down on the US Gulf Coast. But that burner was actually a boiler burner. We were
just able to fit it into the midstream heater to meet the specific needs of that customer.

18

But we now
have boiler burners running from our smallest size up to, I think, about 90 million BTU, which is a very large-sized boiler burner.

Matthew Selinger

Great. So
weve been able to diversify within kind of our boiler burner product line itself just by multiple sizes, so we can address multiple
markets. Is that correct?

Jim Deller

I think thats
right. At least, weve filled out the range from rather very small commercial boilers up to almost some of the biggest applications
you will see.

Matthew Selinger

Okay. Great
to hear. So Im going to shift here again.

We most recently
heard about two product lines that we havent heard from in a while, those being flares and then sensor. So lets take the
former there.

There was
a recently announced flare order that we put out. If you could give a little colour on that and maybe talk about that order? And then
well talk more about what were seeing in that sector because in the quote you put in that release, that youre seeing
kind of more activity and interest. So we could dive into both of those.

Jim Deller

We are. So
generally, for anyone not familiar with what a flare is, a flare is basically a waste gas disposal device. It has a burner inside it to
burn the gas to carbon dioxide and water. And the flares that we sell, that burner or flame part is enclosed within a large cylindrical
vessel that can typically be 30 feet tall, maybe 8 to 10 feet wide, somewhere of that size. They vary in size, but thats the general
size of this equipment.

19

So the order
that we have recently made a couple of announcements on was actually a flare sold by a different company. It didnt work. It did
not meet the emission requirements. And the customer came to us to help out. We can do that. We have the technology. The first order was
for engineering. We completed the engineering and demonstrated to the customer how we could solve his problem. He turned around and placed
the fabrication order, which are now in the process of completing.

So just to
put some numbers to this because its not a standard burner. All in all, this project will be about $250,000 for ClearSign. It will
enable us to take our technology, put it into somebody elses flare body, and show this customer what we can do and give them a
reference in the industry.

Matthew Selinger

Well, its
another demonstration that wereour technology can provide advanced solutions.

Jim Deller

Its
a great demonstration, and its installation, actually, with a veryand we cant mention the name. But the installation
of a very key customer up in Northern California.

Matthew Selinger

And let me
dive into that second part of the question, then.

What doyou
kind of infer a bit of a resurgence or re-interest in this sector. Can you kind of give colour what were seeing?

Jim Deller

I can. So
were starting to see a need for low-NOx flares, which is not traditional in the industry, but its starting to be required.
With our intellectual property and with the capabilities we have, we can also develop the burner element of a flare thats capable
of burning some very hard-to-burn waste gases.

20

Typically,
within the industry, the operators will be required to blend some natural gas into those waste gases to enable them to burn completely.
Of course, as this is a waste disposal system, theyre just buying gas to burn it, which gets to be very expensive.

We can burn
these gases, in some cases, with minimal and often with no supplemental gas, that basically allows us to meet NOx emissions and to save
the clients a lot of money. So were starting to see requests and opportunities for this part of the flaring market.

But back to
the overlying theme of what were doing to grow ClearSign and looking to the future, having that special burner technology allows
us to not only sell the burner but, as its part of a much bigger system, to sell the rest of the system and the flare structure
with it. Or in the case of an oxidized or thermal oxidized that might be a horizontal vessel, its the same premise that we can
put our burner inside that vessel. But then ClearSign can sell a high-value system rather than just the burner element.

From a commercial
perspective, that takes a $100,000 or $200,000 burner sale and turns it into a system project that could be valued between sort of $600,000
and $1.2 million apiece. So it allows us to greatly expand our scope, leveraging our very special burner technology.

Matthew Selinger

So thats
an exciting development. I mean, so youre talking basically from us potentially moving from selling just components to larger systems.

Jim Deller

Thats
right. And I thinkI, frankly, want to be, right, very upfront and clear. We have not sold any of these yet. We have engineered
these systems. We do have proposals out for this type of technology, and we are engaged in conversations, but theyre only in that
negotiation phase. So I dont want to mislead anyone and have anyone expecting something to come in

21

Matthew Selinger

Okay.

Jim Deller

in
the next week.

Matthew Selinger

Right. Well,
its an exciting opportunity.

So then we
recently saw that there were four ClearSign Eye sensors placed at a super major refinery so, again, another product we havent heard
from in a while. Could you give a little background on this trial? I think we needed a trial.

Jim Deller

Yeah.

Matthew Selinger

And then lets
dive into the sensors.

Jim Deller

Yeah. And
trials fair. So weve talked about sensors in the past. We have not talked about them for several calls. So thebut
the announcement was, in essence, a free sample to the customer, but we believe its significant.

First of all,
for a refinery, even to install even free equipment, is a big undertaking on their part. They have to shut down. They have to do engineering.
They have to, right, install cabling and control equipment. We have been refining the sensors over time, even though we havent
been talking about it, and also talking to customers, which led to this opportunity now to install it.

22

But if I can,
lets takeId like to just sort of fill in the gaps and explain what these sensors do for anyone not familiar with
them, because theyre a very different product to our burner products.

So in a refinery
heater, the burners provide a big flame thats heating up the heater. When you turn the gas on to those burners, youve got
to have a small flame there to light that gas so that the flame starts. That small flame comes from a device called a pilot. And to indicate
to the operator that its safe to turn the gas on, you will typically have a sensor of some type to prove or to confirm that, that
flame is in place.

Now this is
all often taking place from the control system, but its that sensor that goes on the pilot and confirms the presence of a flame
that we are providing.

Matthew Selinger

All right.

Jim Deller

There are
well-established technologies in the industry that do this. There are some optical sensors that look up and will see the pilot flame and
any flames beyond it. So theyre effective, but theyre not good at specifically indicating just the pilot flame.

And theres
a very commonly used piece of equipment called a flame rod that mounts to the burner pilot. The challenge with those is that the end of
the flame rod, based on its name, actually pushes into the flame. They do burn up, and they have frequent maintenance problems, which
either leaves a client without any flame indication or requires very frequent maintenance, which is costly for the customers.

And that maintenance
need is actually what drives the excitement when weve talked about our sensor to the clients, because the difference with our sensor
is it does mount to the pilot, so it is discreet and identifies only the pilot flame. But the sensing head of the sensor is not in the
flame. It sits about an inch below the flame in the cool zone, so its expected to be a much more durable and reliable piece of
equipment.

23

Matthew Selinger

Okay. Well,
lets talk about the market on this; some numbers here.

Jim, what
is the addressable market, do you believe, in terms of these sensors? Maybe touch on maybe our sales price, and what does a typical order
look like? Or

Jim Deller

Yeah. So this
is not only a different technology. Its a different project from a commercial perspective.

So the one
thing I really like about the sensors is, it is not applicable to only low-NOx regions or only certain regions. These sensors are applicable
to every refinery burner in the world. Right? So the scope of where these can be applied is huge.

Now to be
clear, not every burner has a pilot and, certainly, not every burner with a pilot has a sensor, but there is aan awful lot of them
do, and this makes it a very big opportunity for ClearSign.

The sensors
are a relatively small device. Theyre going to be an out-of-the-box product for us. Theyre all standardized. Theyll
sell for somewhere in the region about $4,000 apiece.

But one of
the other beauties of this product line when its rolling is we expect them to sell in multiples into a heater supply all at once.
There will be 1s and 3s and 5s, but I expect, commonly, these orders to roll in, in the 10s, 20s, up to some 50 sensors per order.

24

So I think there is aits
a different business model for us, but I think its got to take off, but it could be a very worthwhile product line for us, which
is why weve been working on it and kept it going over the years.

Matthew Selinger

Thats
very interesting. So its the volume off the shelf and another technology solution being sold to the same customer base, our addressable
customer base.

Jim Deller

Yeah. So I
think, going to the objective of diversification and broadening ClearSign, its a very different part of the industry. Its
not tied to regulations. Its not tied to decarbonization. It will smooth out our revenue flow. I think it just gives us another
separate line of business while still playing to our core customer base and core technology strengths.

Matthew Selinger

Right. And
just for clarity too, this is a ClearSign product, right, not necessarily a Narion project? Narions been mentioned in the past,
the sensor, but this is a ClearSign project.

Jim Deller

Thats
correct. Yeah. The sensor, it is manufactured and sold as a ClearSign product.

Matthew Selinger

Great. Im
going to shift here, Jim, and maybe address some macros.

A lot of companies
are talking about some of the macros out there, one, obviously, in terms of supply chain. One, a lot of companies are focused on our tariffs.

So are we
seeing any effect of tariffs in our current project pipeline or proposals, anything like that?

25

Jim Deller

We are. I
mean, where it shows up is in the cost of goods.

So ClearSign
burners are built largely out of stainless-steel materials. That material price is affected. So we are seeing increased pricing from our
vendors. Now we can also put and have put language in our proposals to allow us to accommodate that, to make price adjustments to the
extent that we can.

So were
aware of it. Were working around it. But I think its fair for everyone to be aware that we are seeing increased pricing
at present, that our vendors are attributing to the tariffs.

Matthew Selinger

Okay. So in
wrapping up the call, are there any main takeaways youd like to leave with us, kind of in summary?

Jim Deller

There are.
I mean, weve tried to stress here and bring out is what were trying to do to grow the ClearSign business and set us up for
expansion going forwards. So leveraging our sales channels, certainly pushing hard on the products weve got, is important.

And I think,
on that note, looking for benchmarks, just going forwards, what Id look for is, on the inside, looking for sales leads through
the Zeeco sales team. I think fromas an investor, I would certainly be looking out or recognize the importance of a burner
sale resulting from a Zeeco lead will be a very big first milestone on that front.

I know Ive
said it, but Im very excited about the M1 burners. Certainly, look out for sales in the midstream industry and our growth in the
midstream industry.

I would also
stress, well, I think, the importance of a slightly de-speced or detuned burner going out into the commodity market and expanding
our scope into that much larger portion of the industry. Also, the development of that burner into boiler burner applications, potentially
refinery burner applications.

26

Just personally, Imright
now, weve sold one and got one burner operation, but I am very excited about the potential of the M Series burner.

I think the
concept of the systems projects, leveraging our flaring technology and the low BTU gas technology into either an oxidizer or a flare and
the sale of some of those bigger systems and showing the industry that ClearSign can deliver that type of technology and what we can do, I
mean, given the scope of those projects from a revenue perspective, I think that would be very significant for ClearSign. So look
out for that.

And then finally,
weve talked about the sensors. And we already have another request for quote for sensors actually from the same refineryor
the same company into a different refinery. Weve also beenwere also talking to another global refiner who is interested
in that technology; we just havent (unintelligible). I think theres real potential there for that ClearSign Eye sensor.
Were obviously looking for that to roll out and scale up.

Matthew Selinger

All right.
So in summary, we can look forward to sales from the diversified product line. We can look at diversifying within the product line, continuing
to. Is that correct? Leveraging the current sales channels weve announced, and then potentially expanding from components to larger
systems?

Jim Deller

I think its
fair. I mean, expanding the scope, expanding the markets. Its broadening ClearSign.

We have a
strong combustion and industry knowledge. We truly have some very talented designers and engineers here within the Company. Its
leveraging that core competency and expanding our business while being true to the strengths to make sure that what we deliver are really
high value and products that we can make a profit from.

27

Matthew Selinger

Great to hear.
So thats all the questions I have prepared for this.

So at this
point, I would like to turn it back to the Operator to open up for a question-and-answer session. We have also had some questions
sent in ahead of time, which I will curate as well.

But with that,
Operator, please open up the lines for questions, and well start with those.

Operator

We will now
begin the question-and-answer session. To ask a question, you may press the * key, then 1 on your touch-tone phone. If you are using a
speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing any keys. To withdraw your question, please press *, then 2.

At this time,
we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.

Matthew Selinger

Hey, Operator.
Operator, while we wait, Ill go ahead and read one of the questions that was sent in ahead of time, if that works.

Operator

Sure. Absolutely.

Matthew Selinger

Great. Jim,
in regards to proposals, weve heard about proposals on previous calls. What is different now than, lets say, one or two
years ago, in terms of the proposals youre seeing and fielding?

28

Jim Deller

So thats
a fair question. Weve talked about several themes in this call today. Ive tried to be upfront. Some of the product lines,
especially the system products and the reference to, right, the engagement we have with the major refining projects, especially at the
early FEED stage, Ive included those to help describe work that were doing internally within ClearSign on a strategic
basis to grow our business for the future.

And I said
during the call, I dont want to mislead anyone, but expect that those orders are going to turn very quickly, or those proposals
will turn very quickly into orders. We do have, obviously, active sensor quotes that I believe have the potential to turn into orders.
We do have the midstream orders. We do have some process burner work that has potential to turn into orders.

But I have
tried to be clear where Ive referenced the proposals and the work were doing as an illustration of our strategic plans and
the changes we are constantly developing with the Company to grow the potential of ClearSign as separate from what Ill call the
tangible proposals that we are actively discussing as something that we expect to be able to bring in to the Company in the foreseeable
future.

Matthew Selinger

Great. Operator,
please go ahead and poll again. And Ive got a couple others, but if you want to give instructions for polling, and then Ill
segue into another question.

Operator

Sure. No problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, should you have any questions, please press the * key, followed by the number 1.

We will pause
a moment for questions.

Matthew Selinger

Great. Jim,
heres another question here.

29

Theres
been some discussion about less clean air initiatives and even some slowing of hydrogen projects. Do you feel at all this puts, for instance,
our hydrogen burner at a market risk?

Jim Deller

Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, obviously, this has been a common topic in the news, but I think its good to be clear.

The hydrogen
burner and the project is titled 100 percent hydrogen, and that was the driver behind the funding and the DOE awards that we have won
and, right, fund the development of this burner.

But the utility
of the burner goes well beyond that. The refining customers have a very wide range of gases in their fuel gas, and those commonly swing
up to at least 80 percent or higher. So the development of this burner is to be capable of fuels ranging from pure natural gas up to 100
percent hydrogen.

What that
really means is this is a very fuel-flexible burner that is being designed to be robust within the industry and suitable for installation
in refineries, no matter what their fuel gas blend.

So I am confident
that this is a very practical and useful burner going into the future, really without regard to the progress or potential timeline of
any strictly hydrogen-fueled applications.

Matthew Selinger

Operator,
please go ahead and turn it over to any caller questions.

Operator

Sure. Your
first caller question is from Robert Kecseg from Las Colinas Capital Management. Please go ahead.

Robert
Kecseg Las Colinas Capital Management

Hello. This
is Bob. Can you hear me?

30

Jim Deller

Hi, Bob. Yes.
Good afternoon.

Robert Kecseg

Good afternoon.
Yeah. I was going to bring up the point of the fact that when you came into the Company, there was a great success in the innovation that
was made. And then, as you mentioned, it took some time to be able to develop those into an actual product. So from 2021, according to
your efforts, we had an innovative product developed by 2021. And so now, were many years into this.

And the thing
that I want to bring forth is that what youve explained is theres really three things that the innovation yielded. One of
those was the reduced maintenance cost on the radiant tubes. The other was fuel savings offrom what Ive gathered, is approximately
3 percent or more. And then, of course, the much-talked-about reduced pollution, the reduced NOx.

The thing
that I would say, from a sales standpoint, the innovation yielded a lot. But if we dont mention fuel savings and all we talk about
is NOx, I dont think were really giving ourselves enough credit to generate more prospects and more sales. So I really
think, if its not being printed in your press releases, then I have the feeling that it isnt being emphasized by the people
who are involved in generating sales.

What I would
ask this question of all that. Could you give us some idea of the number of prospects, say, at the beginning of last year to the beginning
to now? In other words, give us an idea if theres prospect growth, theres something we can hang our hat on?

Because in
order to get these sales up to $16 million, $20 million, if you have, lets say, hypothetically, 15 prospects now, youre
going to have to generate a lot more prospects to really materially increase the sales because so many of them take so long, and theres
things that fall through. So could you give us some idea about how many prospects we had maybe at the end ofat the beginning of
last year compared to where we are now at the beginning of this year?

31

Jim Deller

Yeah. So,
Bob, let me takeIll answer the best I can. Let me try and unpack, right, some of the points youve brought up.

I think addressing
theright, just your statement about efficiency, just to point out, we put press releases out, to be honest, mainly for the purpose
of keeping investors updated with the progress of the business. Those are separate from the marketing materials and the sales presentations
and the conference presentations, et cetera, that we make to customers in the industry.

And I can
give just aright, as a quick example, we talked a lot about the M1 burner. With the marketing brochures for that burner, in the
industry, we express efficiency as the excess air levels the burners operate at. Thats the key driver, and thats what the
clients recognize. That is specifically called out on the sales brochures. But those are not the materials that are obviously discussed
in the investor forum because they tend to get very technical, and the language we use is different.

So I appreciate
your point and absolutely agree that its very important to stress the values and the cost savings to the customers. But we do reference
the efficiency, the operability, the turndown range, the speed the burners can be brought up. Those are actually all referenced, for example,
on the M1 burner sales materials. There are many facets of our burners that we produce.

Ill
be honest. I dont have, specifically, the data that you talk about between last year and now. I can tell you that the range of
projects and the number of quotations and the different products that were engaged in are significantly greater now than they have
been in the past.

32

Robert Kecseg

Okay. And
I just want to add too, to the emphasis on fuel savings because in business, if you can save money, its materiallyits
a material thing. I just took a look at Devcos website and Tulsa Midstream, and both of them on their website, they mentioned that
they were seeking fuel savings. And it didnt take me very long to find it.

So Im
just saying, in the press releases that you put out to us, Ive only really heard about NOx. Its been NOx reduction,
NOx reduction. And I really think in business, the fuel savings part of it is very, very meaningful. And I think thats justif
thats what this innovation produces, then it should be something thats really emphasized.

Jim Deller

Okay. Bob,
your comments are appreciated. I note them. Thank you very much.

Matthew Selinger

Operator, Im
going to go ahead and read another question here.

Theres
a lot ofa number of questions actually around Zeeco itself and about the Zeeco agreement.

One question,
Jim, is about the geography the agreement covers. And then any sort of colour you can give oneverybody wants to know (phon) the
rollout. Right? How do you kind of foresee the rollout there? And you can speak in general terms.

Jim Deller

Yes. So I
think, the first part, our agreement with Zeeco isso first of all, it is specifically for refinery process burners. But that agreement
is global. Right? So as we are marketing this as a Zeeco product, and the ClearSign burner becomes a Zeeco product line, and Zeeco is
a global company with manufacturing and servicing, I believe, on every continent, this gives us a global reach.

33

Now with that
said, in areas like China, I am not ready to roll the refining process burners out in China. I do not want to expose our IP there.
I dont think the Chinese will pay a price that makes sense for ClearSign. So Im not saying that we are going to just push
our technology out over the entire globe. But the Zeeco agreement, should we choose to, does give us that access as of when we are ready.

In terms of
the rollout, this is a slow-turning industry, and I hate to use that word, but were in the phase right now ofI think were
well along the way with the marketing materials. We have started to educate the Zeeco sales team. I expect that they will be talking to
their customers and start to develop leads, at which point we will engage with them and join them talking to the customers.

But to roll
that stage forward through the negotiations and completion of the projects and placing of the orders, just to put a timeline, I believe
it is going to be into 2026 by the time that we start to see orders resulting from that Zeeco engagement.

And just to
be fair, I dont want to give the impression and have people disappointed when it does not come in quicker, because it is going
to take some time just even after we engage with the customers, for those customers to go through and just to go through their normal
process of the engineering and the evaluation and actually placing the orders.

Matthew Selinger

Operator,
are there other questions?

Operator

There are
no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to CEO Jim Deller for closing remarks.

Jim Deller

Thank you,
Operator.

34

As we end
this call, I want to thank you, our investors, for your continuated (sic) interest and support of ClearSign.

I do also
want to thank and acknowledge all of our employees. We have a small and cohesive team that has shown great dedication, flexibility, and
open-mindedness as weve pushed out our business into these new areas.

This has required
great technical development and engineering prudence, thorough work in our sourcing and project planning by teams developing and presenting
our proposals, and even the development of new accounting processes to support our customers in new ways.

It is very
much recognized and appreciated that all this has and continues to be done in addition to the sales and marketing and engineering and
product supply and start-up and all of the operational support that make up our day-to-day operations.

With that, Id
like to conclude the call.

Operator

Sorry. Ladies
and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect.

35
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>clir-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>clir-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>clir-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_ex99-1img012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_ex99-2img014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity File Number 001-35521

Entity Registrant Name CLEARSIGN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001434524

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-2056298

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8023 E. 63rd Place, Suite 101

Entity Address, City or Town Tulsa

Entity Address, State or Province OK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 74133

City Area Code 918

Local Phone Number 236-6461

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol CLIR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://clearsign.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

clir-20250401.xsd 
clir-20250401_lab.xml 
clir-20250401_pre.xml 
tm2511519d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-031996-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm2511519d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001434524 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001434524 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
CLEARSIGN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
DE 
001-35521 
26-2056298 
8023 E. 63rd Place, Suite 101 
Tulsa 
OK 
74133 
918 
236-6461 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
CLIR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>