<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-032264.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-032264.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404170438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-032264
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		32
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250404
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001937926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41563
		FILM NUMBER:		25815673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BROOKFIELD PLACE
		STREET 2:		250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281-0221
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-363-9491

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BROOKFIELD PLACE
		STREET 2:		250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281-0221
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000193792600019379262025-04-042025-04-04iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 4, 2025

Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

British Columbia, Canada 001-41563 98-1702516

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File No.) (IRS Employee

Identification No.)

Brookfield Place

250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor

New York, NY10281-0221

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(212) 417-7000

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class TradingSymbol(s) Name of Each Exchangeon Which Registered

Class A Limited Voting Shares BAM New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

Brookfield
Asset Management Ltd.s (the Company) Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Management Information Circular,
dated March 25, 2025 in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders of the Company to be held on May 5, 2025, is filed
as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy
for Class A Limited Voting Shares of the Company is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number Description

99.1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Management Information Circular

99.2 Proxy for Class A Limited Voting Shares

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 4, 2025

Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.

By: /s/ Kathy Sarpash

Name: Kathy Sarpash

Title: Managing Director, Legal & Regulatory and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS AND 

AVAILABILITY OF INVESTOR MATERIALS

An Annual Meeting of Shareholders
of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (BAM) will be held at the Dotdash Meredith Event Center, Brookfield Place, 225 Liberty
Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY on Monday, May 5, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (New York time), to:

1. receive the consolidated
financial statements of BAM for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, including the external auditors report thereon;

2. elect directors
who will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders;

3. appoint the external
auditor who will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the directors to set its remuneration; and

4. consider and,
if thought advisable, pass an advisory resolution on BAMs approach to executive compensation, as described in our Management Information
Circular dated March 25, 2025 (the Circular).

We will consider any other business
that may properly come before the meeting.

If
you are unable to attend the meeting in person, you can attend the meeting by joining the live webcast at: https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-706-400-663,
entering your control number and password brookfield2025 (case sensitive). See Q&A
on Voting in the Circular for more information on how to attend, listen, register for and vote at the meeting. 

You have the right to vote at
the meeting if you were a shareholder of BAM at the close of business on March 7, 2025. Before casting your vote, we encourage you to
review the meetings business in the section Business of the Meeting of the Circular.

We are posting electronic versions
of the Circular and our 2024 annual report on Form 10-K (collectively, the investor materials) on our website for shareholder
review a process known as Notice and Access. Electronic copies of the investor materials may be accessed at https://bam.brookfield.com
under Notice and Access 2025 and at www.sec.gov/edgar and www.sedarplus.ca.

Under Notice and Access, if you
would like paper copies of any investor materials, please contact us at 1-866-989-0311 or bam.enquiries@brookfield.com and we will
mail materials free of charge within three business days of your request, provided the request is made before the date of the meeting
or any adjournment thereof. In order to receive investor materials in advance of the deadline to submit your vote, we recommend that you
contact us before 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on April 17, 2025. All shareholders who have signed up for electronic delivery of the investor
materials will continue to receive them by email.

Instructions on Voting at the
Meeting

Registered shareholders and duly
appointed proxyholders will be able to attend the meeting either in person or virtually and vote in real time. If attending the meeting
virtually, you must be connected to the internet and follow the instructions in the Circular. See Q&A on Voting in the
Circular. Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will be able to attend the meeting as guests
but will not be able to ask questions or vote.

If you wish to appoint a person other than the management
nominees identified in the form of proxy or voting instruction form (including if you are a non-registered shareholder who wishes to appoint
themselves to attend the meeting), you must carefully follow the instructions in the Circular and on the form of proxy or voting instruction
form. See Q&A on Voting in the Circular. These instructions include the additional step of registering your proxyholder
with the transfer agent, after submitting the form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder with our
transfer agent will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number to participate in the meeting and only being able to attend
as a guest. Guests will be able to attend the meeting but will not be able to vote.

Information for Registered Holders

Registered shareholders and duly
appointed proxyholders (including non-registered shareholders who have duly appointed themselves as proxyholder) that attend the meeting
will be able to vote in person by ballot or by completing a ballot online during the meeting through the live webcast platform.

If you are not attending the meeting
and wish to vote by proxy, we must receive your vote by 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025. You can cast your proxy vote
in the following ways:

On the Internet at www.meeting-vote.com;

Fax your signed proxy to (416) 595-9593;

Mail your signed proxy using the business reply envelope accompanying your proxy;

Scan and send your signed proxy to proxyvote@tmx.com; or

Call by telephone at 1-888-489-5760.

Information for Non-Registered Holders

Non-registered shareholders will
receive a voting instruction form with their physical copy of this notice. If you wish to vote, but not attend the meeting, the voting
instruction form must be completed, signed and returned in accordance with the directions on the form. You may also vote by telephone
or on the Internet prior to the meeting by following the instructions on the voting instruction form.

If you wish to appoint a proxyholder,
you must complete the additional step of registering the proxyholder by calling our transfer agent at 1-866-751-6315 (within North America)
or (416) 682-3860 (outside of North America) or online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request by no later than 5:00
p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025.

By Order of the Board

Kathy Sarpash

Kathy Sarpash 

Corporate Secretary

March 25, 2025

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

To our shareholders,

On
behalf of your Board of Directors, we are pleased to invite you to attend the 2025 annual meeting of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.
(BAM). This years annual meeting will occur at 9:00 a.m. (New York time) on Monday, May 5, 2025 at Dotdash Meredith
Event Center, Brookfield Place, 225 Liberty Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY, with the option to attend virtually. You can read about the
business of the meeting beginning on page 9 of the accompanying Management Information Circular. This Circular also provides important
information on voting your shares at the meeting, our 12 director nominees, our corporate governance practices, and director and executive
compensation. Additional details on how to attend our meeting in person or access our live webcast, and participate in our annual meeting,
can be found in the Q&A on Voting section of the Circular.

2024
Highlights1

In 2024, we raised $135 billion of capital, deployed
$48 billion into investments and monetized $30 billion our strongest year across the board. As a result, our total assets under
management surpassed $1 trillion and our fee-bearing capital grew 18% to $539 billion. This growth drove a 10% increase in our annual
fee-related earnings to $2.5 billion and a 5% increase in our distributable earnings to $2.4 billion.

We raised $13 billion from our flagship funds
this year, which includes our second energy transition, fifth opportunistic real estate, and twelfth opportunistic credit funds. We also
raised approximately $56 billion of capital across a broad range of complementary equity and credit strategies and $66 billion from Brookfield
Wealth Solutions, including a $49 billion mandate associated with its acquisition of AEL.

In addition, we expanded our investment and fundraising
capabilities, as we continued to advance our leadership position across critical sectors, laying the groundwork for long-term value creation.

Last year, we launched our Credit Group to bring
together our long-standing credit capabilities across the firm with those of our growing portfolio of credit-focused partner managers.
The purpose was to coordinate our credit strategies across asset classes and to accelerate the growth of the business. One year in and
we are realizing the significant benefits of this effort. Over 60% of our 2024 capital raised (excluding the one-time AEL mandate) came
from credit strategies, and we now oversee more than $300 billion in credit-related AUM, supported by 600 dedicated investment professionals.
We also scaled our investment-grade credit origination teams to support Brookfield Wealth Solutions, opening the opportunity to serving
other major insurers through customized separately managed accounts (SMAs). This should be a key driver of future fundraising.

Additionally, we made key acquisitions that extended
our reach into new sectors. For example, Castlelake broadens our capabilities in aviation and asset-based finance and Pinegrove Venture
Partners (previously SVB Capital) expands our technology capabilities.

In October 2024, we announced an arrangement to
enhance our corporate structure and broaden shareholder ownership. In the transaction, which closed on February 4, 2025, we acquired approximately
73% of the outstanding common shares of Brookfields asset management business, from Brookfield Corporation (BN) in
exchange for newly-issued Class A Limited Voting Shares of BAM, on a one-for-one basis. As a result, as of March 7, 2025, BAM has a total
of 1,637,295,707 Class A Shares issued and outstanding, of which BN retains an approximate 73% interest.

During the year, we deployed $48 billion across
our business groups, including $6 billion from renewable power and transition, $4 billion from infrastructure, $6 billion from private
equity, $6 billion from real estate and $26 billion from credit. We ended the year with over $115 billion of uncalled private fund commitments,
which can be put to work in attractive, risk-adjusted investment opportunities as valuations become compelling.

1We disclose a number of financial measures in this Circular that are calculated and presented using methodologies
other than in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as well as certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements in accordance with
U.S. and Canadian securities laws, as applicable. See the Cautionary Statement Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Measures and Forward-Looking
Statements on page 70 of this Circular.

Our focus remains on compounding long-term value
for our shareholders by growing our earnings profile. We are well-positioned to continue growing our fee-bearing capital for three main
reasons: (i) in an increasingly competitive market, we are able to offer differentiated and innovative investment products that set us
apart, enabling us to take advantage of compelling investment opportunities and attract new investor capital that very few other managers
are able to do; (ii) our businesses are poised to benefit from large secular tailwinds of decarbonization, deglobalization and digitalization
and; (iii) we have a long track record of delivering superior investment returns for our clients.

With these supportive tailwinds and strong growth
prospects for 2025 and beyond, the Board approved a 15% increase in our quarterly dividend in February of this year, raising it to $0.4375
per share from $0.38.

Board
Developments

In January 2025, I was appointed as Chair of the
Board, in addition to my role as Chief Executive Officer. We also continue to focus on ensuring that we have the diversity of skills and
experience among our directors that aligns with our long-term strategic priorities. To that end, Mr. Barry Blattman, Ms. Angela F. Braly,
Mr. Scott Cutler and Mr. William Powell were appointed to the Board effective March 17, 2025.

Mr. Blattman is a Vice Chair of BAM and has been
a director since 2025. In this role, he focuses on senior, strategic client and business relationships, and contributes to general business
development and transaction strategy globally. He is also a director of Brookfield Wealth Solutions and has been associated with Brookfield
since 2002. Mr. Blattman holds a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from
the University of Michigan. He serves on the board of Montefiore Health System, and chairs its Real Estate Planning and Development Committee.

Ms. Braly is the former Chair of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer of WellPoint, Inc. (WellPoint), a health benefits company now known as Elevance Health Inc.
She was Chair of the Board of WellPoint from 2010 to 2012 and President and Chief Executive Officer and a Board member from 2007 to 2012.
Prior to that, Ms. Braly served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Public Affairs Officer of WellPoint and President
and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Missouri. Since 2016, she has served on the board of Exxon Mobil Corporation.
She served on the board of BN from 2015 to 2025, Lowes Companies, Inc. from 2013 to 2021 and The Procter & Gamble Company from
2009 to 2024, including serving on the Audit Committee. She has a Juris Doctor degree from Southern Methodist University School of Law
and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance, BBA from Texas Tech University.

Mr. Cutler is the Chief Executive Officer and
a director of HealthEquity, Inc., the largest health savings account custodian in the U.S. Prior to joining HealthEquity, Mr. Cutler served
as Chief Executive Officer of StockX from 2019 to 2024, and prior to that as Senior Vice President of the Americas at eBay, Inc. from
2017 to 2019. From 2015 to 2017, he served as President of StubHub. Before joining StubHub, Mr. Cutler spent nine years as Executive Vice
President at the New York Stock Exchange. He currently serves on the boards of Vibrant Emotional Health and is a trustee on the National
Advisory Committee for his alma mater BYU, and previously served on the board of Brookfield Renewable Partners and Brookfield Renewable
Corporation from 2020 to 2025 and Brookfield Property Partners from 2019 to 2020.

Mr. Powell is a Managing Partner in Brookfields
Credit Group. He currently leads Brookfields real estate debt team. Since joining Brookfield in 2002, Mr. Powell has held many
roles across the organization including Partner in Brookfields initial Real Estate Finance business, and Chief Operating Officer
of the Brookfield Property Group. Mr. Powell served as CEO of Brookfields Australian and Asian businesses from 2013 to 2017. He
holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the Darden School of the University of Virginia and a Bachelor of Science degree
from the University of Richmond.

We are fortunate to have these skilled and experienced
directors joining the Board. To facilitate the four additions to the Board, Ms. Allison Kirkby, Mr. Sam Pollock and Mr. Satish Rai stepped
down from the Board and are not standing for re-election. Ms. Kirkby has taken on the role of Senior Advisor for Brookfield's Infrastructure
business. I want to extend our sincere appreciation to Ms. Kirkby, Mr. Pollock and Mr. Rai for their exceptional and continuing commitment
to Brookfield.

The Board is also focused on setting the strategic
direction for the asset management business of BAM through consistent fundraising and a diverse range of high-quality investment strategies;
and evaluating the next set of growth initiatives, with a view to further enhancing returns for shareholders.

Shareholder
Meeting

Please
take time to read our Management Information Circular and determine how you will vote your shares. Your participation in our annual meeting
is important to us and we encourage your engagement in this important process.

On
behalf of the Board, I express our appreciation for your continued faith in us. We look forward to having you join us on May 5th.

Yours
truly,

Bruce Flatt

Bruce Flatt

Chair and CEO

March 2025

MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART ONE VOTING INFORMATION 1

Who Can Vote 1

Notice and Access 2

Q & A on Voting 2

Principal Holders of Voting Shares 8

PART TWO BUSINESS OF THE MEETING 9

1. Receiving the Consolidated Financial Statements 9

2. Election of Directors 9

Majority Voting Policy 10

Cumulative Voting for Directors 10

Voting by Proxy 10

Director Nominees 11

Summary of 2025 Nominees for Director 17

2024 Director Attendance 18

2024 Director Voting Results 19

3. Appointment of External Auditor 19

Principal Accounting Firm Fees 20

4. Advisory Resolution on Approach to Executive Compensation 20

PART THREE STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES 22

Governance 22

Board of Directors 22

Committees of the Board 26

Board, Committee and Director Evaluation 28

Board and Management Responsibilities 28

Strategic Planning 29

Risk Management Oversight 30

Related Party Transactions 30

Sustainability 30

Communication and Disclosure Policies 36

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 36

Report of the Audit Committee 37

Report of the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee 39

PART FOUR DIRECTOR COMPENSATION AND EQUITY OWNERSHIP 41

Director Compensation 41

Equity Ownership of Directors 43

PART FIVE COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 45

Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview 45

Compensation Approach 46

Overview of the Business in 2024 47

Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee Governance 48

Key
Elements of Compensation 51

Key Policies and Practices to Support Alignment 55

2024 Compensation Decisions 58

Chief Executive Officer Ownership Interests in BAM 60

Compensation of Named Executive Officers 62

PART SIX OTHER INFORMATION 70

Indebtedness of Directors, Officers and Employees 70

Audit Committee 70

Normal Course Issuer Bid 70

Cautionary Statement Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Measuresand Forward-Looking Statements 70

Availability of Disclosure Documents 71

Shareholder Proposals 71

Other Business 71

Directors Approval 71

APPENDIX A CHARTER OF THE BOARD A-1

PART ONE VOTING INFORMATION

This
Management Information Circular (Circular) is provided in connection with the solicitation by management of Brookfield Asset
Management Ltd. (BAM) of proxies for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of BAM (the
meeting) referred to in BAMs Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Availability of Investor Materials dated
March 25, 2025 (the Notice) to be held in-person at the Dotdash Meredith Event Center, Brookfield Place, 225 Liberty
Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY on Monday, May 5, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (New York time). The meeting will also be broadcast
live by webcast. See Q&A on Voting on page 2 of this Circular for further information. References in this Circular to
BAM, we, or our are to Brookfield Asset Management Ltd., and references to BN
are to Brookfield Corporation.

This solicitation will be made
primarily by sending proxy materials to shareholders by mail and email, and in relation to the delivery of this Circular, by posting this
Circular on our website at https://bam.brookfield.com under Notice and Access 2025, on our EDGAR profile at www.sec.gov/edgar
and on our SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca pursuant to Notice and Access. See Notice and Access below for further
information. Proxies may also be solicited personally or by telephone by regular employees of BAM at nominal cost. The cost of solicitation
will be borne by BAM.

The information in this Circular
is given as at March 7, 2025, unless otherwise indicated. As BAM operates in U.S. dollars and reports its financial results in U.S. dollars,
all financial information in this Circular is denominated in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise indicated. All references to C$ are to Canadian
dollars. For comparability, all Canadian dollar amounts in this Circular have been converted to U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate
for 2024 as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) of C$1.00 = US$0.7300, unless otherwise indicated.

Who Can Vote

As
at March 7, 2025, BAM had 1,637,295,707 Class A Limited Voting Shares (Class A Shares)
and 21,280 ClassB Limited Voting Shares (Class B Shares) outstanding. The Class
A Shares are co-listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) under the
symbol BAM. The ClassB Shares are all privately held (see Principal Holders
of Voting Shares on page 8 of this Circular for further information). Each registered holder of record of Class A Shares and Class
B Shares as at the close of business on March 7, 2025 (the Record Date) is entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
the meeting. Except as otherwise provided in this Circular, each holder of a Class A Share or Class B Share on such date shall be entitled
to vote on all matters to come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof, either in person or by proxy.

The share conditions for the Class
A Shares and Class B Shares provide that, subject to applicable law and in addition to any other required shareholder approvals, all matters
to be approved by shareholders (other than the election of directors) must be approved by a majority of the votes cast by the holders
of Class A Shares and by the holders of Class B Shares who vote in respect of the resolution, each voting as a separate class.

Except as provided below, holders
of Class A Shares are entitled, as a class, to elect one-half of the board of directors of BAM (the Board or Board
of Directors), and holders of Class B Shares are entitled, as a class, to elect the other one-half of the Board. However, at any
time that:

a. BN (or its successor) and its subsidiaries beneficially own a number of Class A Shares that exceeds
50% of the aggregate number of all the issued and outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Shares as of the record date for any
meeting of shareholders, holders of Class A Shares and holders of Class B Shares will vote together as a single class in the
election of the Board at such meeting of shareholders; or

b. BN (or its successor) and its subsidiaries beneficially own a number of Class A Shares that is not
less than 20% but does not exceed 50% of the sum of all the issued and outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Shares as of the
record date for any meeting of shareholders:

i. BN (or its successor) will be entitled to elect one of the directors who would otherwise be elected by
other holders of the Class A Shares at such meeting of shareholders;

ii. holders of Class A Shares, including BN (or its successor) solely in respect of any Class A
Shares that it and its subsidiaries beneficially own in number that exceeds 20% of the sum of all the issued and 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 1

outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Shares, will be entitled to elect one-half of the Board less such number of directors to be elected by BN (or its successor) under (i) above at such meeting of shareholders;

iii. holders of Class B Shares will be entitled to elect the other one-half of the Board at such meeting
of shareholders.

As at March 7, 2025, BN and
its subsidiaries beneficially own approximately 73% of the Class A Shares and, accordingly, the holders of the Class A Shares
and holders of the Class B Shares will vote together as a single class to elect the Board. See Election of Directors
on page 9 of this Circular for further information.

Notice and Access

BAM is using the Notice and Access
provisions of National Instrument 54-101 Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer and National
Instrument 51-102 Continuous Disclosure Obligations (Notice and Access) to provide meeting materials electronically
for both registered and non-registered shareholders. Instead of mailing meeting materials to shareholders, BAM has posted this Circular
and form of proxy on its website at https://bam.brookfield.com under Notice and Access 2025, in addition to posting
it on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar and SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. BAM has sent the Notice and a form of proxy or voting instruction
form (collectively, the Notice Package) to all shareholders informing them that this Circular is available online and explaining
how this Circular may be accessed. BAM will not directly send the Notice Package to non-registered shareholders. Instead, BAM will pay
Intermediaries (as defined on page 3 of this Circular) to forward the Notice Package to all non-registered shareholders.

BAM has elected to utilize Notice
and Access because it allows for a reduction in the use of printed paper materials, and is therefore consistent with BAMs philosophy
towards sustainability. Additionally, adopting Notice and Access has significantly lowered printing and mailing costs associated with
BAMs shareholder meetings.

Registered and non-registered
shareholders who have signed up for electronic delivery of this Circular and BAMs annual report on Form 10-K dated March 17, 2025
(which includes managements discussion and analysis and consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024) (the Annual Report) will continue to receive them by email. No shareholders will receive a paper copy of this Circular
unless they contact BAM at 1-866-989-0311 or bam.enquiries@brookfield.com, in which case BAM will mail this Circular within three
business days of any request, provided the request is made before the date of the meeting or any adjournment thereof.
We must receive your request before 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on April 17, 2025 to ensure
you will receive paper copies in advance of the deadline to submit your vote. If your request is made after the meeting and within one
year of this Circular being filed, BAM will mail this Circular within 10 calendar days of such request.

Q & A on Voting

What am I voting on?

Resolution Who Votes Board Recommendation

Election of the 12 Directors 

Class A Shareholders

Class B Shareholders FOR each Director Nominee

Appointment of the External Auditor and

authorizing Directors to set its remuneration 

Class A Shareholders

Class B Shareholders FOR the resolution

Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Class A Shareholders FOR the resolution

Who is entitled to vote?

Holders of Class A Shares and
holders of Class B Shares, as applicable, as at the close of business on March 7, 2025 are each entitled to one vote per share on the
items of business as identified above.

Registered shareholders are able to attend and vote
in person at the meeting by registering with BAMs transfer agent, TSX Trust Company (the Transfer Agent), on the
day of the meeting. Your vote will be taken and counted at the meeting. Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves
as proxyholder will be able to attend the meeting as guests, but will not be able to vote.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 2

Registered shareholders and duly
appointed proxyholders will be able to attend the meeting virtually, submit questions and vote in real time, provided they are connected
to the internet, have a control number and follow the instructions in the Circular. Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed
themselves as proxyholder will be able to attend the meeting virtually as guests but will not be able to ask questions or vote at the
meeting.

Shareholders who wish to appoint
a person other than the management nominees identified in the form of proxy or voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder
who wishes to appoint themselves to attend the meeting virtually) must carefully follow the instructions in the Circular and on their
form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the additional step of registering such proxyholder with the Transfer
Agent, after submitting the form of proxy or voting instruction form by calling the Transfer Agent at 1-866-751-6315 (within North America)
or (416) 682-3860 (outside North America) or online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request no later than 5:00 p.m.
(New York time) on May 1, 2025 and providing the Transfer Agent with information on your appointee. The Transfer Agent will provide your
appointee with a 13 digit control number which will allow your appointee to log in to and vote at the meeting. Failure to register
the proxyholder with our Transfer Agent will result in the proxyholder not receiving a 13 digit control number to participate in the meeting
and only being able to attend as a guest. Guests will be able to attend the meeting but will not be able to ask questions or vote.

Am I a registered shareholder or a non-registered
shareholder?

Registered shareholders have a share certificate
or Direct Registration System statement issued in their name or appear as the registered shareholder on the books of BAM.

Non-registered shareholders are beneficial owners
of shares of BAM that are not registered shareholders. In many cases, Class A Shares that are beneficially owned by a non-registered shareholder
are registered either:

a. in the name of an intermediary
such as a bank, trust company, securities dealer, broker or other intermediary (each, an Intermediary and collectively,
Intermediaries) with whom the non-registered shareholder maintains an account, or a trustee or administrator of self-administered
RRSPs, RRIFs, RESPs and similar plans; or

b. in the name of a depository such
as CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. (CDS) or the Depository Trust Company (DTC), of which the Intermediary
is a participant.

If you are a non-registered shareholder and your
shares are held in the name of an Intermediary, see If my shares are not registered in my name but are held in the name of an Intermediary,
how do I vote my shares? on page 6 of this Circular for voting instructions.

If you are not sure whether you are a registered
or non-registered shareholder, please contact the Transfer Agent.

How do I vote?

Holders of Class A Shares and holders of Class B Shares
of BAM can vote in one of three ways, as follows:

by submitting your voting instructions prior to the meeting,

during the meeting by online ballot through the live webcast platform, or

during the meeting in person by ballot.

What if I plan to attend the meeting virtually and
vote by online ballot?

If you are a registered shareholder
or a duly appointed proxyholder (including non-registered shareholders who have duly appointed themselves as proxyholder by following
the instructions under the heading If my shares are not registered in my name but are held in the name of an Intermediary, how
do I vote my shares? on page 6 of this Circular), you can attend and vote during the meeting by completing an online ballot through
the live webcast platform. Guests (including non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder) can log
into the meeting. Guests will be able to listen to the meeting but will not be able to ask questions or vote during the meeting. In order
to attend the meeting virtually, you will need to complete the following steps:

Step 1: Log in online at: https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-706-400-663

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 3 

Step 2: Follow these instructions:

Registered shareholders:
Click I have a login and then enter your 13 digit control number and password brookfield2025
(case sensitive). The 13 digit control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received from the Transfer
Agent is your control number. If you use your control number to log in to the meeting, any vote you cast at the meeting will revoke any
proxy you previously submitted. If you do not wish to revoke a previously submitted proxy, you should not vote during the meeting.

Duly appointed
proxyholders: Click I have a login and then enter your 13 digit control number and password brookfield2025
(case sensitive). Proxyholders who have been duly appointed and registered with the Transfer Agent as described in this Circular will
receive a 13 digit control number by email from the Transfer Agent after the proxy voting deadline has passed.

Guests: Click I am a Guest and
then complete the online form.

The meeting website will be accessible
60 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. It is important that all attendees log in to the meeting website at least ten minutes prior
to the start of the meeting to allow enough time to complete the log in process. You will need the latest versions of Chrome, Safari,
Edge or Firefox. Please ensure your browser is compatible by logging in early. Please do not use Internet Explorer.

Internal network security protocols
including firewalls and VPN connections may block access to the Lumi platform for the meeting. If you are experiencing any difficulty
connecting to or watching the meeting, ensure your VPN setting is disabled or use a computer on a network not restricted to security settings
of your organization.

What if I plan to attend the
meeting and vote in person?

If you are a registered shareholder
or duly appointed proxyholder and plan to attend the meeting on May 5, 2025 and wish to vote your shares in person at the meeting, please
register with the Transfer Agent when you arrive at the meeting. Your vote will be taken and counted at the meeting.

If your shares are held in the
name of an Intermediary and you plan to attend the meeting and vote in person, see If my shares are not registered in my name but
are held in the name of an Intermediary, how do I vote my shares? on page 6 of this Circular for voting instructions.

What if I plan to vote by proxy in advance of the
meeting?

If you are a registered
shareholder, you can vote by proxy up to 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025
(or 48 hours prior to the time of any adjourned meeting), as follows:

to vote by internet, accessing www.meeting-vote.com and following
the instructions for electronic voting. You will need your control number;

sign the form of proxy sent to you and vote or withhold from voting your
shares at the meeting and submit your executed proxy via any of the following options:

i. by
mail: in the envelope provided or in one addressed to the Transfer Agent;2

ii. by fax: to (416) 595-9593; or 

iii. by email: scan and send the proxy to proxyvote@tmx.com.

You can appoint the persons named
in the form of proxy or some other person (who need not be a shareholder of BAM) to represent you as proxyholder at the meeting by writing
the name of this person (or company) in the blank space on the form of proxy. If you wish to appoint a person other than the management
nominees identified in the form of proxy, you will need to complete the additional step of registering your proxyholder by calling the
Transfer Agent at 1-866-751-6315 (within North America) or (416) 682-3860 (outside of North America) or online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request
by no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025.

2Attention: Proxy Department, P.O. Box 721, Agincourt, Ontario M1S 0A1

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 4

to vote by telephone, call toll-free at 1-888-489-5760.
You will be prompted to provide the control number printed on the form of proxy sent to you. The telephone voting service is not available
on the day of the meeting.

If you are a non-registered shareholder
and your shares are held in the name of an Intermediary, to direct the votes of shares beneficially owned, see If my shares are
not registered in my name but are held in the name of an Intermediary, how do I vote my shares? on page 6 of this Circular for
voting instructions.

Who is soliciting my proxy?

The proxy is being solicited by management of BAM and
the associated costs will be borne by BAM.

What happens if I sign the proxy sent to me?

Signing the proxy appoints Messrs.
Marcel R. Coutu or Cyrus Madon, each of whom is a director of BAM, or another person you have appointed, to vote or withhold from voting
your shares at the meeting.

Can I appoint someone other than these directors
to vote my shares?

Yes, you may appoint another
person or company other than the BAM directors named on the form of proxy or voting instruction form to be your proxyholder. Write
the name of this person (or company) in the blank space on the form of proxy or voting instruction form. The person you appoint does not
need to be a shareholder. Please make sure that such other person you appoint is attending the meeting and knows he or she has been appointed
to vote your shares. You will need to complete the additional step of registering such proxyholder with our Transfer Agent after submitting
the form of proxy or voting instruction form. See If my shares are not registered in my name but are held in the name of an Intermediary,
how do I vote my shares? on page 6 of this Circular for instructions on registering your proxy with the Transfer Agent.

What do I do with my completed
form of proxy?

Return it to the Transfer Agent
in the envelope provided to you by mail, by fax at (416) 595-9593 or scan and send by email to proxyvote@tmx.com no later than
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025, which is two business days before the day of the meeting.

Can I vote by Internet in advance of the meeting?

Yes. If you are a registered shareholder,
go to www.meeting-vote.com and follow the instructions on this website. You will need your control number (located on the form
of proxy) to identify yourself to the system. You must submit your vote by no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May
1, 2025, which is two business days before the day of the meeting.

If you are a non-registered shareholder
and your Intermediary makes this option available, go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions on this website. You will
need your control number (located on the voting instruction form) to identify yourself to the system. You must submit your vote by no
later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Wednesday, April 30, 2025, which is one business day before the proxy deposit date of May 1, 2025.
Refer to the instructions on your voting instruction form for more details.

If I change my mind, can I submit another proxy
or take back my proxy once I have given it?

Yes. If you are a registered shareholder,
you may deliver another properly executed form of proxy with a later date to replace the original proxy in the same way you delivered
the original proxy. If you wish to revoke your proxy, prepare a written statement to this effect signed by you (or your attorney as authorized
in writing) or, if the shareholder is a corporation, under its corporate seal or by a duly authorized officer or attorney of the corporation.
This statement must be delivered to the Corporate Secretary of BAM at the address below no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on
the last business day preceding the date of the meeting, Friday, May 2, 2025, or any adjournment of the meeting, or to the Chair of the

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 5 

Board (the Chair) prior to the start of the meeting on Monday, May 5, 2025, or the day of the adjourned meeting. You may
also vote during the meeting by submitting an online ballot, which will revoke your previous proxy.

Corporate Secretary

Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.

Brookfield Place

250 Vesey Street, 15th
Floor

New York, NY 10281-0221

For non-registered shareholders,
if you have provided your voting instructions and change your mind about your vote, you can revoke your proxy or voting instructions by
contacting your intermediary. If your intermediary provides the option of voting over the Internet, you can change your instructions by
updating your voting instructions on the website provided by your intermediary, so long as you submit your new instructions before the
intermediarys deadline.

How can I request electronic delivery of investor
materials?

To opt for electronic distribution
of investor materials, complete the request for electronic delivery of materials form enclosed with the Notice Package and return it by
mail to the Transfer Agent.3 You can also submit your request
online by visiting the Transfer Agents website: services.tsxtrust.com/edelivery.

How will my shares be voted if I give my proxy?

The persons named on the form
of proxy must vote your shares for or against or withhold from voting, in accordance with your directions, or you can let your proxyholder
decide for you. If you specify a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, your shares will be voted accordingly. In the absence
of voting directions, proxies received by management will be voted in favor of all resolutions put before shareholders of the meeting.
See Business of the Meeting on page 9 of this Circular for further information.

What if amendments are made to these matters or
if other matters are brought before the meeting?

The persons named on the proxy
will have discretionary authority with respect to amendments or variations to matters identified in the Notice and with respect to other
matters which may properly come before the meeting.

As at the date of this Circular,
management of BAM is not aware of any amendment, variation or other matter expected to come before the meeting. If any other matters properly
come before the meeting, the persons named on the form of proxy will vote on them in accordance with their best judgment.

Who counts the votes?

The Transfer Agent counts and tabulates the proxies.

If my shares are not registered in my name but are
held in the name of an Intermediary, how do I vote my shares?

Your Intermediary is required
to send you a voting instruction form for the number of shares you beneficially own. Non-registered shareholders should follow the
instructions on the forms they receive and contact their Intermediaries promptly if they need assistance.

A non-registered shareholder who does not wish
to attend and vote at the meeting and wishes to vote prior to the meeting must complete and sign the voting instruction form and return
it in accordance with the directions on the form. If your Intermediary makes these options available, you may also vote by telephone prior
to the meeting by following the directions on the voting instruction form on the Internet prior to the meeting by going to www.proxyvote.com
and following the instructions on this website. See Can I vote by Internet in advance of the meeting? on page 5 of this
Circular.

Since BAM has limited access to
the names of its non-registered shareholders, if you attend the meeting, BAM may have no record of your shareholdings or of your entitlement
to vote unless your Intermediary has appointed you as proxyholder. Therefore, if you wish to vote by online ballot at the meeting, you
will need to complete the following steps:

3301 100 Adelaide Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 4H1; or by fax at (514) 985-8843 or 1-888-249-6189

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 6

Step 1: insert your name
in the space provided on the voting instruction form and return it by following the instructions provided therein.

Step 2: you must complete
the additional step of registering yourself (or your appointees other than if your appointees are the management nominees) as the proxyholder
by calling the Transfer Agent at 1-866-751-6315 (within North America) or (416) 682-3860 (outside of North America) or online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request
by no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025.

Failing to register as a proxyholder
will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number, which is required to vote at the meeting. Non-registered shareholders who
have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be able to vote at the meeting but will be able to participate as a guest.

BAM has distributed copies of
the Notice Package to CDS and DTC and to Intermediaries for onward distribution to non-registered shareholders. Intermediaries are required
to forward the Notice Package to non-registered shareholders.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 7 

Principal Holders of Voting
Shares

For over 50 years, the partners of Brookfield
(the Partnership or Partners) have owned, in partnership with one another, a substantial portion of their
investments in Brookfield. This includes a significant ownership of the Class A Shares of BN and its recently spun-off companies: BAM
and Brookfield Wealth Solutions Ltd. (BWS, which trades on the NYSE and TSX under the ticker symbol BNT, and,
together with BN and BAM, Brookfield). Separate from the ownership of the Class A Shares, the Partners have also owned the
Class B Shares of each entity since their creation.

This ownership framework among the Partners has
been an important underpinning of Brookfields culture and instrumental to the governance of Brookfield, enabling an uncompromising
focus on long-term value creation for all stakeholders.

The Partners include both current and former senior
executives and directors of Brookfield. We believe that the Partnership promotes decision-making that is entrepreneurial, collaborative
and aligned with the long-term interests of Brookfield. The financial strength and sustainability of the Partnership is characterized
by a consistent focus on renewallongstanding members mentoring new generations of leaders and financially supporting their admission
as Partners. We believe this is a critical component to preserving our long-term culture and vision. The Partnership remains resolutely
focused on the long-term success of Brookfield for the benefit of all stakeholders, through all economic conditions.

As at March 7, 2025, the Partners collectively
own interests in approximately: 327 million BN Class A Shares (on a fully diluted basis), representing 20% of BNs issued and outstanding
Class A Shares; 344 million BAM Class A Shares (both directly and through BNs 73% ownership of BAM, on a fully diluted basis),
representing 21% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares; and 26 million BWS Class A Shares, which is a paired entity
of BN, as the BWS Class A Shares are exchangeable into BN Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis, representing 59% of BWSs issued
and outstanding Class A Shares.

The economic interests of the Partners in Brookfield
securities consist primarily of (i) direct ownership of shares, as well as indirect ownership (such as shares that are held through holding
companies and by foundations) by the Partners on an individual basis; and (ii) the Partners proportionate beneficial interests
in shares held by Partners Value Investments L.P. (PVI). PVI is a publicly-listed investment partnership whose principal
business activity is owning equity interests in Brookfield for the long-term. As at March 7, 2025, the Partners owned not less than 90%
of PVIs equity units. PVI owns approximately 129 million BN Class A Shares, 31 million BAM Class A Shares and 8 million BWS Class
A Shares (each on a fully diluted basis).

In order to foster the long-term stability and
continuity of Brookfield, a group of longstanding Partners have been designated to oversee stewardship of the Class B Shares. Under these
arrangements, the Class B Shares are held in a trust (the Trust). The beneficial interests in the Trust, and the voting
interests in its trustee, are held as follows: one-third by Mr. Bruce Flatt, one-third by Mr. Jack L. Cockwell, and one-third jointly
by Messrs. Brian W. Kingston, Brian D. Lawson, Cyrus Madon, Samuel J.B. Pollock and Sachin Shah in equal parts. As such, no single individual
or entity controls the Trust.

In the event of a fundamental disagreement among
the shareholders of the trustee (and until the disagreement is resolved), three individuals have been granted the authority to govern
and direct the actions of the Trust. These individuals are, and their successors are required to be, longstanding and respected business
colleagues associated with Brookfield. The individuals, at the current time, none of whom are Partners, are Messrs. Marcel R. Coutu, Frank
J. McKenna and Lord ODonnell.

To the knowledge of the directors and officers
of the company, there are no other persons or corporations that beneficially own, exercise control or direction over, have contractual
arrangements such as options to acquire, or otherwise hold voting securities of the company carrying more than 10% of the votes attached
to any class of outstanding voting securities of the company.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 8

PART TWO BUSINESS OF
THE MEETING

We will address four items at
the meeting:

1. receiving
the consolidated financial statements of BAM for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024,
including the external auditors report thereon;

2. electing
directors who will serve until the end of the next annual meeting of shareholders;

3. appointing
the external auditor that will serve until the end of the next annual meeting of shareholders
and authorizing the directors to set its remuneration; and

4. considering
an advisory resolution on BAMs approach to executive compensation.

We will also consider other business that may properly
come before the meeting.

As at the date of this Circular,
management is not aware of any changes to these items and does not expect any other items to be brought forward at the meeting. If there
are changes or new items, you or your proxyholder can vote your shares on these items as you or your proxyholder sees fit. The persons
named on the form of proxy will have discretionary authority with respect to any changes or new items which may properly come before the
meeting and will vote on them in accordance with their best judgment.

1.Receiving the Consolidated Financial Statements

The annual financial statements
of BAM for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 are included in the Annual Report. The Annual Report is available on BAMs website,
https://bam.brookfield.com under Notice and Access 2025, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar and SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca,
and certain sections are being mailed to BAMs registered shareholders and non-registered shareholders who have contacted BAM to
request paper copies. Shareholders who have signed up for electronic delivery of the Annual Report will receive it by email.

2.Election of Directors

The Board is comprised of 12 directors,
all of whom are to be elected at the meeting. At the meeting and pursuant to BAMs articles, holders of Class A Shares and Class
B Shares will vote together as a single class in the election of the entire Board since Brookfield Corporation and its subsidiaries beneficially
own more than 50% of the issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at March 7, 2025. See Who Can Vote on page 1 of this Circular.

Accordingly, if you own Class
A Shares or Class B Shares, you can vote on the election of all 12 directors. The following persons are proposed as nominees for election
at the meeting:

Barry Blattman Angela F. Braly Marcel R. Coutu

Scott Cutler Bruce Flatt Olivia (Liv) Garfield

Nili Gilbert Keith Johnson Brian W. Kingston

Cyrus Madon Diana Noble William Powell

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 9 

Majority Voting Policy

The Board has adopted a policy
stipulating that, if the total number of shares voted in favor of the election of a director nominee represents less than a majority of
the total shares voted and withheld for that director (in each case, not on the cumulative basis described in the section Cumulative
Voting for Directors on page 10 of this Circular), the nominee will tender his or her resignation immediately after the meeting.
Within 90 days of the meeting, the Board will determine whether or not to accept a directors resignation and will issue a press
release announcing the Boards decision, a copy of which will be provided to the TSX. Absent exceptional circumstances, the Board
will accept the resignation. The resignation will be effective when accepted by the Board. If the Board determines not to accept a resignation,
the press release will fully state the reasons for that decision. A director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in
a Board meeting at which the resignation is considered. The majority voting policy does not apply in circumstances involving contested
director elections.

Cumulative Voting for Directors

The articles of BAM provide for
cumulative voting in the election of directors. Each shareholder of a class or series of shares of BAM entitled to vote for the election
of directors has the right to cast a number of votes equal to the number of votes attached to the shares held by the holder, multiplied
by the number of directors to be elected by the shareholder and the holders of shares of the classes or series of shares entitled to vote
with the shareholder in the election of directors. The shareholder may cast all of its votes in favor of one candidate or distribute such
votes among the candidates in any manner the shareholder sees fit. Where the shareholder has voted for more than one candidate without
specifying the distribution of votes among the candidates, the shareholder will be deemed to have distributed its votes equally among
the candidates for whom the shareholder voted.

A shareholder who wishes to distribute
its votes other than equally among the nominees and who has appointed the management representatives designated on the proxy must do so
personally at the meeting or by another proper form of proxy, which can be obtained from the Corporate Secretary of BAM.

Voting by Proxy

The management representatives
designated on the proxy to be completed by holders of Class A Shares and Class B Shares intend to cast the votes represented by such proxy
FOR and equally among the proposed nominees for election set forth on pages 11 to 16 of this Circular, unless the shareholder who has
given such proxy has directed that such shares be otherwise voted or withheld from voting in the election of directors.

Director Nominees

Eight of the 12 director nominees,
being Messrs. Coutu, Flatt, Kingston, Johnson and Madon and Mses. Garfield, Gilbert and Noble, were elected as members of the Board at
the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 7, 2024 and are standing for re-election. The remaining four director nominees, being
Messrs. Blattman, Cutler and Powell and Ms. Braly were appointed to the Board effective March 17, 2025 and are standing for election.
The Board recommends that the 12 director nominees be elected at the meeting to serve as directors of BAM until the next annual meeting
of shareholders or until their successors are elected or appointed.

The Board believes that the collective
qualifications, skills and experiences of the director nominees allow for BAM to continue to maintain a well-functioning Board with a
diversity of perspectives. The Boards view is that, individually and as a whole, the director nominees have the necessary qualifications
to be effective at overseeing the business and strategy of BAM.

We do not expect that any of the
director nominees will be unable to serve as a director. If a director nominee tells us before the meeting that he or she will not be
able to serve as a director, the management representatives designated on the form of proxy, unless directed to withhold from voting in
the election of directors, reserve the right to vote for other director nominees at their discretion.

Each directors biography
contains information about the director, including his or her background and experience, BAM
shareholdings and other public company board positions held, as at March 7, 2025. See Director Share and DSU Ownership Requirements
on page 43 of this Circular for further information on director share ownership requirements.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 10

The
following 12 individuals are nominated for election as directors by the holders of BAMs ClassA
Shares and Class B Shares.

Barry Blattman(a)

Age: 62

Director since: 2025 (Management)(c)

Areas of Expertise: 

Asset Management; Infrastructure;
Private Equity; Real Estate; Credit

Mr. Blattman is a Vice Chair of BAM. In this role, he focuses on senior, strategic client and business relationships, and contributes to general business development and transaction strategy globally. He is also a director of BWS. Prior to joining Brookfield in 2002, Mr. Blattman was a Managing Director at Merrill Lynch, having begun his career with Salomon Brothers in 1986. Mr. Blattman holds a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Michigan. He serves on the board of Montefiore Health System, and chairs its Real Estate Planning and Development Committee.

BAM Board/Committee Membership Public Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2025 Present

BWS 2021 Present

Number of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class A Shares(f)(g) DSUs Total Number of Shares and DSUs Date at which Share 

Ownership Guideline is to be

Met(e)

2025 1,382,823 1,382,823 Met

Angela F. Braly(a)

Age: 63

Director since:
2025

(Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise:

CEO experience; Government and Public Policy; Healthcare; Insurance

Ms.
Braly is the former Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of WellPoint, Inc., a health benefits company now known
as Elevance Health Inc. She was Chair of the Board of WellPoint from 2010 to 2012 and President and Chief Executive Officer and a
Board member from 2007 to 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Braly served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Public Affairs
Officer of WellPoint and President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Missouri. Since 2016, she has served
on the board of Exxon Mobil Corporation. She served on the board of BN from 2015 to 2025, Lowes Companies, Inc. from 2013
to 2021 and The Procter & Gamble Company from 2009 to 2024, including serving on the Audit Committee. She has a Juris Doctor
degree from Southern Methodist University School of Law and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance, BBA from Texas Tech
University.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2025
Present

Audit
Committee Exxon
Mobil Corporation 2016
Present

BN
2015
2025

The
Procter & Gamble Company 2009
2024

Lowes
Companies, Inc. 2013
2021

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares DSUs(d) Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share

Ownership Guideline is to be

Met(e)

2025 14,147 14,147 Met

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 11 

Marcel R. Coutu(a)

Age: 71

Director since: 2022 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise: 

CEO experience; Energy
and Power; Natural Resources

Mr. Coutu is the past Chairman
of Syncrude Canada Ltd., a former President and Chief Executive Officer of Canadian Oil Sands Ltd., Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial
Officer of Gulf Canada Resources Limited, and has held a number of senior roles in corporate finance, investment banking, mining and oil
& gas exploration and development. Mr. Coutu is a board director of IGM Financial Inc., Power Corporation of Canada, Great-West Lifeco
Inc. and the Calgary Stampede Foundation Board. He is a past member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives, a past member of the
Board of Governors of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers and a past member of the Association of Professional Engineers,
Geologists and Geophysicists of Alberta.

Mr. Coutu holds a Bachelor of
Science (Honors) in Geology from the University of Waterloo and an MBA from the University of Western Ontario.

BAM Board/Committee Membership Public Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board, Lead Independent Director BAM 2022 Present 

Audit Committee, Chair IGM Financial Inc. 2014 Present

Power Corporation of Canada 2011 Present

The Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2007 Present

BN 2006 2022

Enbridge Inc. 2014 2021

Number of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class A Shares DSUs(d) Total Number of Shares and DSUs Date at which Share 

Ownership Guideline is to be

Met(e)

2025 33,277 45,217 78,494 Met

2024 33,277 39,244

Change 5,973

Scott Cutler(a)

Age: 55

Director since: 2025 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise: 

Healthcare; Technology;
Finance; International Affairs

Mr. Cutler is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of HealthEquity, Inc., the largest health savings account custodian in the U.S. Prior to joining HealthEquity, Mr. Cutler served as Chief Executive Officer of StockX from 2019 to 2024, and prior to that as Senior Vice President of the Americas at eBay, Inc., from 2017 to 2019. From 2015 to 2017, he served as President of StubHub. Before joining StubHub, Mr. Cutler spent nine years as Executive Vice President at the New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Cutler holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Brigham Young University and a Juris Doctor from the University of California, Hastings College of Law. He currently serves on the non-profit board of Vibrant Emotional Health, and previously served on the board of Brookfield Renewable Partners and Brookfield Renewable Corporation from 2020 to 2025 and Brookfield Property Partners from 2019 to 2020.

BAM Board/Committee Membership Public Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2025 Present

Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee HealthEquity, Inc. 2025 Present

Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P./ Brookfield Renewable Corporation 2020 2025

Brookfield Property Partners L.P. 2019 2020

Number of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class A Shares DSUs Total Number of Shares and DSUs Date at which Share 

Ownership Guideline is to be 

Met(e)

2025 In progress

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 12

Bruce Flatt(a)

Age: 59

Director since: 2022 (Management)(c)

Areas of Expertise: 

CEO experience

Mr.
Flatt is the CEO and Chair of the Board of BAM. He is also the CEO of BN. Mr. Flatt joined
Brookfield in 1990 and became CEO of BN in 2002. He has been a director and the CEO of BAM
since 2022. Under his leadership, Brookfield has developed a global operating presence in
more than 30 countries. Mr. Flatt has served on many public company boards over the past
three decades.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board, Chair BAM 2022
Present

BN 2001
Present

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares(f)(h) DSUs(d) Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 15,861,935 419,544 16,281,479 Met

2024 15,427,985 409,210

Change 433,950 10,334

Olivia (Liv) Garfield(a)

Age: 49

Director since: 2022 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise:

Government and Public
Policy; Manufacturing; Natural Resources; Digital Infrastructure; Energy and Power Infrastructure; Real Estate; Accounting

Ms.
Garfield is the CEO of Severn Trent, a FTSE 100 water utilities company. Before joining Severn
Trent, Ms. Garfield was CEO of Openreach, part of the BT Group, where she spearheaded and
oversaw the commercial roll-out of fibre broadband to two-thirds of the country. She joined
BT in 2002 and held the pivotal roles of Group Director of Strategy and Regulation, Managing
Director Commercial and Brands, Global Services and UK Customer Services Director. From 1998
to 2002, Ms. Garfield worked for Accenture as a consultant in the Communications and High
Tech Market Unit, designing and implementing business change solutions across a number of
industry sectors. In October 2020, Ms. Garfield was appointed Commander of the Order of the
British Empire (CBE) in the Queens Birthday Honors for services to the water industry.
Ms. Garfield holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honors) from Murray Edwards College, University of
Cambridge.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Governance,
Nominating and Compensation Committee, Chair Severn
Trent 2014
Present

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares DSUs Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 15,609 15,609 Met

2024 10,690

Change 4,919

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 13

Nili Gilbert, CFA, CAIA(a)

Age: 46

Director since: 2022 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise: 

Healthcare; Infrastructure;
Insurance; Manufacturing; Natural Resources; Real Estate; Cyber-Security; Human Resource Management; Marketing; Technology and Business
Systems; Climate 

Ms.
Gilbert is the Vice Chairwoman of Carbon Direct, a leader in scaling carbon management into
a global industry through investment, technology, and client advisory. She is also Chair
of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zeros Advisory Panel of technical experts
and one of its Principals, in addition to serving as Chair of the David Rockefeller Fund
Investment Committee. She is also a Senior Advisor at Boston Consulting Group, a member of
the Clinton Global Initiative Advisory Council, and a member of Harvards Salata Institute
Advisory Board. Previously, she was Co-Founder of Matarin Capital, which became one of the
largest women-owned asset managers in the U.S. She has also served on two World Economic
Forum Global Future Councils, and across committee chair and advisory roles as a permanent
member of both the Council on Foreign Relations and the Economic Club of New York. Nili is
honored among Barrons 100 Most Influential Women in U.S. Finance and TIME100 Climate.
She has also been recognized as a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader, LinkedIn TopVoice
in Finance, Entrepreneur of the Year by the National Association of Securities Professionals,
Bloomberg BusinessWeek One to Watch, and awarded with a Bellagio Center Residency
by the Rockefeller Foundation. Nili received her BA, magna cum laude, from Harvard University,
her MBA from Columbia Business School, where she was a Toigo Fellow, and she has completed
programs in leadership and sustainability at Oxford and Stanford Universities.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Audit Committee 

Governance,
Nominating and Compensation Committee 

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares DSUs Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 7,263 7,263 In
progress

2024 4,979

Change 2,284

Keith Johnson, CFA(a)

Age: 49

Director since: 2022 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise: 

Government and Public
Policy; Economic Policy; International Affairs; Energy and Power; Healthcare; Infrastructure; Marketing 

Mr. Johnson is Founding Partner
and Chief Executive Officer of Sequoia Heritage, a global, evergreen private investment partnership investing on behalf of entrepreneurs,
families, and philanthropies established in 2010. Prior to Sequoia Heritage, Mr. Johnson held several investment and wealth management
positions with the Stanford Management Company, Bel Air Investment Advisors and Salomon Smith Barney (acquired by Morgan Stanley).

Mr. Johnson holds a Bachelor
of Science in Statistics from the Brigham Young University and an MBA from the UCLA Anderson School of Management. Mr. Johnson is
a CFA charterholder.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Audit
Committee 

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares DSUs Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 15,248 15,248 Met

2024 10,532

Change 4,716

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 14

Brian W. Kingston(a)

Age: 51

Director since: 2022 (Management)(c) 

Areas of Expertise: 

CEO experience; Real Estate; Infrastructure; Private
Equity; Energy and Power 

Mr. Kingston is currently
Head of U.S. of BAM. He is also Chief Executive Officer of Real Estate of BAM and previously held the same role for Brookfield Corporation.
Mr. Kingston joined Brookfield in 2001 and was named Chief Executive Officer of Brookfield Property Group in 2015. Prior to his current
role, Mr. Kingston led Brookfields Australian business activities, holding the positions of Chief Executive Officer of Brookfield
Office Properties Australia, Chief Executive Officer of Prime Infrastructure and Chief Financial Officer of Multiplex.

Mr. Kingston holds a Bachelor
of Commerce degree from Queen's University.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares(f)(i) DSUs(d) Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 3,028,535 191,122 3,219,657 Met

2024 2,448,933 186,414

Change 579,602 4,708

Cyrus Madon(a)

Age: 59

Director since: 2022 (Management)(c) 

Areas of Expertise:

CEO experience; Private
Equity; Real Estate; Infrastructure; Energy and Power

Mr.
Madon is Executive Vice Chair of BAM and has been a director of BAM since 2022. He is also
the Executive Chair of Brookfields Private Equity Group; in this role, he is responsible
for developing strategy and providing investment oversight, while supporting the broader
team in executing our growth initiatives. He is a member of Brookfield's Executive Committee.
Mr. Madon joined Brookfield in 1998 and has held a number of senior roles across the organization,
including CEO of Brookfield's Private Equity business. Mr. Madon holds a Bachelor of Commerce
degree from Queens University. He is also on the board of the C.D. Howe Institute.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Brookfield
Business Partners L.P. 2024
Present

Brookfield
Business Corporation 2024
Present

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares(f)(j) DSUs(d) Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 4,782,982 335,569 5,118,551 Met

2024 4,382,693 324,731

Change 400,289 10,838

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 15

Diana Noble(a)

Age: 63

Director since: 2022 (Independent)(b)

Areas of Expertise:

Government and Public
Policy; Energy and Power; Financial Services; Healthcare; Infrastructure; Private Equity

Ms.
Nobles background is in private equity, venture capital and international development.
She was a partner of Schroder Ventures, later Permira, for 10 years, founder CEO of eVentures
and Reed Elsevier Ventures and from 2011 to 2017 was CEO of British International Investment,
the British Governments development finance institution, investing solely in Africa
and South Asia, with a dual mission of financial return and development impact. She is currently
Deputy Chair of the Bank of Englands Court (the Banks governing board), chair
of the Remuneration Committee and chaired the 2021 Court Review into Ethnic Diversity and
Inclusion at the Bank. She is also a Governor of Wellcome, a global charitable foundation,
supporting scientific research for step changes in health outcomes, chairs the People and
Remuneration Committee and is a member of the Investment Committee. Her advisory
business, Kirkos Partners, advises leaders of PE/VC firms on leadership transition. She has
recently published research on this topic (When to Go and How to Go 
Founder and Leader Transition in Private Equity) with Professor Josh Lerner of Harvard Business
School.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2022
Present

Governance,
Nominating and Compensation Committee 

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares DSUs Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 5,918 5,918 In
progress

2024 3,626

Change 2,292

William Powell(a)

Age: 66

Director since: 2025 (Management)(c)

Areas of Expertise:

Real Estate; Financial Services; Human Resource
Management; Credit

William
Powell is a Managing Partner in Brookfields Credit Group. He currently leads Brookfields
real estate debt team. Since joining Brookfield in 2002, Mr. Powell has held many roles across
the organization including Partner in Brookfields initial Real Estate Finance business,
and Chief Operating Officer of the Brookfield Property Group. Mr. Powell served as CEO of
Brookfields Australian and Asian businesses from 2013 to 2017. Prior to joining Brookfield
in 2002, Mr. Powell held various senior management positions within the real estate capital
markets groups at a number of investment management firms. He holds a Master of Business
Administration degree from the Darden School of the University of Virginia and a Bachelor
of Science degree from the University of Richmond.

BAM
Board/Committee Membership Public
Board Membership During Last Five Years

Board BAM 2025
Present

Number
of Class A Shares and Deferred Share Units (DSUs) Beneficially Owned, Controlled or Directed

Year Class
A Shares(f)(k) DSUs(d) Total
Number of Shares and DSUs Date
at which Share Ownership Guideline is to be Met(e)

2025 29,373 13,208 42,581 Met

(a) Messrs.
Blattman, Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Powell and Ms. Gilbert principally live in New York,
U.S. Ms. Braly principally lives in Florida, U.S. Mr. Coutu principally lives in California,
U.S. Mr. Cutler principally lives in Utah, U.S. Mr. Johnson principally lives in Wyoming,
U.S. Mses. Garfield and Noble principally live in London, U.K. 

(b) Independent
refers to the Boards determination of whether a director nominee is independent
under Section 1.2 of National Instrument 58-101 Disclosure of Corporate Governance
Practices.

(c) Management
refers to director nominees who are current members of management or employees of BAM. Mr.
Blattman is a Vice Chair of BAM. Mr. Flatt is the CEO of BAM. Mr. Kingston is Head of U.S
of BAM and CEO, Real Estate. Mr. Madon is the Executive Vice Chair of BAM and Executive Chair,
Private Equity. Mr. Powell is a Managing Partner in Brookfields Credit Group. None
of these individuals receive compensation in their capacity as directors of BAM (see Director
Compensation on page 41 of this Circular).

(d) Messrs.
Coutu, Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Powells and Ms. Bralys DSUs (as defined on
page 25 of this Circular) include DSUs issued by BN which track the value of a Class A Share,
issued pursuant to adjustments made to outstanding equity-based awards of BN (the Arrangement
Adjustments) in connection with the spin-out of BAM pursuant to a plan of arrangement
completed on December 9, 2022 (the 2022 Arrangement), in their capacity as
employees of BN, except for Mr. Coutu and Ms. Braly who were issued DSUs in their capacity
as directors of BN.

(e) The
Share Ownership Guidelines for directors is to hold Class A Shares, DSUs or Restricted Shares
(as defined on page 55 of this Circular) with a value equal to two times their annual directors
retainer. See Director Share and DSU Ownership Requirements on page 43 of this
Circular for further information. The value of two times the annual retainer for each director
is $500,000. As at March 7, 2025, the number of shares required to satisfy the non-management
director Share Ownership Guidelines is 10,286 (calculated by dividing the respective Share
Ownership Guidelines 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 16

expressed in dollar value
by the price of Class A Shares on the NYSE as at the close of market on March 7, 2025). Messrs.
Flatt, Kingston and Madon each hold Class A Shares, DSUs or Restricted Shares with a value
equal to more than five times their annual base salary (Base Salary), which
is the Share Ownership Guidelines for executive officers. The value of five times the Base
Salary for Messrs. Flatt, Kingston and Madon is $1.87 million, $3.75 million and $3.75 million,
respectively. As of March 7, 2025, the number of shares required to equal five times the
Base Salary for Messrs. Flatt, Kingston and Madon is 38,573, 77,145 and 77,145, respectively
(calculated by dividing the amount that is five times the individuals Base Salary
by the price of Class A Shares on the NYSE as at the close of market on March 7, 2025). See
Share Ownership Guidelines on page 56 and Summary Compensation Table
on page 62 of this Circular for further information.

(f) The
figures in this column include (i) the directors Class A Shares, held directly and
indirectly, including under the Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) the directors pro rata
interests in Class A Shares held by PVI (on a consolidated basis); and (iii) the directors
Escrowed Shares (as defined on page 55 of this Circular), which also represent an indirect
pro rata interest in Class A Shares. The value of these indirect pro rata interests is impacted
by a number of factors, including the terms of their ownership, the capital structure of
each company, the value of the Class A Shares held by each company and their net liabilities
and preferred share obligations (See Principal Holders of Voting Shares on
page 8 of this Circular for further information on PVI and The Escrowed Stock Plan
on page 66 of this Circular for further information on Escrowed Shares). 

(g) Mr.
Blattman holds 1,022,579 Class A Shares directly and indirectly, which in each case excludes
his pro rata interests held in Class A Shares referenced above in clause (ii) and (iii) of
(f).

(h) Mr.
Flatt holds 2,006,843 Class A Shares directly and indirectly and held 2,006,843 Class A Shares
directly and indirectly as of the date of last years Circular, which in each case
excludes his pro rata interests held in Class A Shares referenced above in clause (ii) and
(iii) of (f).

(i) Mr.
Kingston holds 273,812 Class A Shares directly and indirectly and held 194,327 Class A Shares
directly and indirectly as of the date of last years Circular, which in each case
excludes his pro rata interests held in Class A Shares referenced above in clause (ii) and
(iii) of (f).

(j) Mr.
Madon holds 1,407,475 Class A Shares directly and indirectly and held 1,428,528 Class A Shares
directly and indirectly as of the date of last years Circular, which in each case
excludes his pro rata interests held in Class A Shares referenced above in clause (ii) and
(iii) of (f).

(k) Mr.
Powell holds 10,807 Class A Shares directly and indirectly, which in each case excludes his
pro rata interests held in Class A Shares referenced above in clause (ii) and (iii) of (f).

Summary of 2025 Nominees for
Director

The following summarizes the
qualifications of the 2025 director nominees that led the Board to conclude that each director nominee is qualified to serve on the Board.

All
Director Nominees Exhibit: 

High personal and professional integrity and ethics A commitment to sustainability issues

A proven record of success An inquisitive and objective perspective 

Experience relevant to BAMs global activities An appreciation of the value of good corporate governance

The Board is comprised of 12
directors, which BAM considers an appropriate number given the diversity of its operations and the need for a variety of experiences
and backgrounds to effectively oversee the governance of BAM and provide strategic advice to management. BAM reviews the expertise of
incumbent and proposed directors in numerous areas, including those listed in the chart below.

Director
Nominees Corporate

Strategy and

Business

Development Mergers
&

Acquisitions Finance
and

Capital

Allocation Leadership
of

a Large /

Multifaceted

Organization Legal
and

Regulatory Risk

Management Sustainability

Matters Climate

Expertise Industry

Experience

Barry
Blattman Infrastructure;
Private Equity; Real Estate; Credit

Angela
F. Braly 

CEO experience; Government and

Public Policy;

Healthcare; Insurance

Marcel
R. Coutu CEO
experience; Energy and Power; Natural Resources

Scott
Cutler Healthcare;
Technology; Finance; International Affairs

Bruce Flatt CEO experience

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 17

Olivia
(Liv) Garfield Government
and Public Policy; Manufacturing; Natural Resources; Digital Infrastructure; Energy and Power Infrastructure; Real Estate; Accounting

Nili
Gilbert Healthcare;
Infrastructure; Insurance; Manufacturing; Natural Resources; Real Estate; Cyber-Security; Human Resource Management; Marketing; Technology
and Business Systems

Keith
Johnson Government
and Public Policy; Economic Policy; International Affairs; Energy and Power; Healthcare; Infrastructure; Marketing

Brian
W. Kingston CEO
experience; Real Estate; Infrastructure; Private Equity; Energy and Power

Cyrus
Madon CEO
experience; Private Equity; Real Estate; Infrastructure; Energy and Power

Diana
Noble Government
and Public Policy; Energy and Power; Financial Services; Healthcare; Infrastructure; Private Equity

William
Powell Real
Estate; Financial Services; Human Resource Management; Credit

2024 Director Attendance 

We believe the Board cannot be
effective unless it governs actively. We expect our directors to attend all Board meetings and all of their respective committee meetings.
Directors may participate by video or teleconference if they are unable to attend in person. The table below shows the number of Board
and committee meetings each director attended in 2024. The director nominees standing for re-election attended 100% of the Board meetings
in 2024. The Board and its committees meet in camera without management present at all meetings, including those held by teleconference.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 18

Directors Independent Board 

Audit

Committee Governance,

Nominating and

Compensation

Committee All

Barry Blattman(a) No 

Angela F. Braly(b) Yes 

Marcel R. Coutu Yes 6 of 6 4
of 4 10
of 10 100%

Scott Cutler(c) Yes 

Bruce Flatt No 6 of 6 6
of 6 100%

Olivia (Liv) Garfield Yes 6 of 6 8
of 8 14
of 14 100%

Nili Gilbert Yes 6 of 6 4 of 4 8 of 8 18 of 18 100%

Keith Johnson(d) Yes 6 of 6 2
of 2 8
of 8 100%

Brian W. Kingston No 6 of 6 6
of 6 100%

Cyrus Madon No 6 of 6 6
of 6 100%

Diana Noble Yes 6 of 6 8
of 8 14
of 14 100%

William
Powell(e) No 

(a) Mr.
Blattman was appointed to the Board effective March 17, 2025.

(b) Ms.
Braly was appointed to the Board and as a member of the Audit Committee effective March 17,
2025.

(c) Mr.
Cutler was appointed to the Board and as a member of the Governance, Nominating and Compensation
Committee effective March 17, 2025.

(d) Mr.
Johnson stepped down from the Audit Committee following BAMs Annual Meeting of Shareholders
held on June 7, 2024.

(e) Mr.
Powell was appointed to the Board effective March 17, 2025.

Mr. Mark Carney stepped down
from the Board effective January 16, 2025. Ms. Allison Kirkby and Messrs. Samuel J.B. Pollock and Satish Rai stepped down from the Board
effective March 17, 2025. In 2024, Messrs. Carney, Pollock and Rai and Ms. Kirkby attended all scheduled Board and Committee meetings,
as applicable.

2024
Director Voting Results 

Below are the results of the
vote of holders of Class A Shares for the election of directors at BAMs Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 7, 2024.

Director
Nominee Votes
For % Votes
Withheld %

Marcel R.
Coutu 303,708,857 98.23 5,472,667 1.77

Oliva (Liv) Garfield 288,094,494 93.18 21,087,030 6.82

Nili Gilbert 307,246,251 99.37 1,935,273 0.63

Allison Kirkby 308,722,149 99.85 459,375 0.15

Diana Noble 307,294,268 99.39 1,887,256 0.61

Satish
Rai 307,201,140 99.36 1,980,384 0.64

At that same meeting, the holder
of Class B Shares voted all 21,280 Class B Shares for each of the six directors nominated for election by this shareholder class, namely
Messrs. Mark Carney, Bruce Flatt, Brian W. Kingston, Keith Johnson, Cyrus Madon and Samuel J.B. Pollock.

At the meeting to be held on
May 5, 2025, holders of Class A Shares and holders of Class B Shares will vote together as a single class for the election of the entire
Board.

3.Appointment of External Auditor

On recommendation of the Audit
Committee, the Board proposes the reappointment of Deloitte LLP as the external auditor of BAM. Deloitte LLP is the principal external
auditor of BAM. Deloitte has served as the external auditor of BAM since its formation. The appointment of the external auditor must
be approved by a majority of the votes cast by holders of Class A Shares who vote in respect of the resolution, and by the holder of
Class B Shares, each voting as a separate class.

On any ballot that may be
called for in the appointment of the external auditor, the management representatives designated on the form of proxy intend to vote
such shares FOR reappointing Deloitte, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, as the external auditor, and authorizing the
directors to set the remuneration to be paid to

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 19

the external auditor, unless
the shareholder has specified on the form of proxy that the shares represented by such proxy are to be withheld from voting in relation
to the appointment of the external auditor.

Principal Accounting Firm
Fees

Aggregate audit fees billed to
BAM and Brookfield Asset Management ULC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 by Deloitte amounted to approximately $3.2 million.

From time to time, Deloitte also
provides consultative and other non-audit services to BAM and Brookfield Asset Management ULC pursuant to an Audit and Non-Audit Services
Pre-Approval Policy (the Audit Policy). The Audit Policy governs the provision of audit and non-audit services by the external
auditor and is annually reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Policy provides for the Audit Committees pre-approval of permitted
audit, audit-related, tax and other non-audit services. It also specifies a number of services the provision of which is not permitted
by the external auditor, including the use of the external auditor for the preparation of financial information, system design and implementation
assignments.

The following table sets forth
further information on the fees billed by Deloitte to BAM and Brookfield Asset Management ULC on a consolidated basis for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

$ millions 2024 2023

Audit 3.2 2.6

Audit-related

Tax fees 

All
other fees 

Total fees 3.2 2.6

Audit fees include fees for services
that would normally be provided by the external auditor in connection with our statutory audit of BAM, including fees for services necessary
to perform an audit or review in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. This category also includes services that generally
only the external auditor reasonably can provide, including comfort letters and consents relating to certain documents filed with securities
regulatory authorities.

Audit-related fees are for other
statutory audits, assurance and related services, such as due diligence services, that traditionally are performed by the external auditor.
More specifically, these services include, among other things: statutory audits of our subsidiaries, employee benefit plan audits, accounting
consultations and audits in connection with acquisitions, attest services that are not required by statute or regulation, and consultation
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

Tax fees are principally for
assistance in tax return preparation and tax advisory services.

All other fees include fees for
certain permissible consulting and advisory services.

The Audit Committee has received
representations from Deloitte regarding its independence and has considered the relations described above in arriving at its determination
that Deloitte is independent of BAM.

4. Advisory
Resolution on Approach to Executive Compensation

BAM believes that its compensation
objectives and approach to executive compensation strongly align the interests of management with the long-term interests of shareholders.
Details of BAMs approach to executive compensation is disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning
on page 45 of this Circular.

BAM has a policy providing that
holders of Class A Shares have the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on BAMs approach to executive compensation on an annual
basis. This policy reflects BAMs ongoing efforts to meet its objectives and ensure a high level of shareholder engagement.

The Board, with Messrs. Blattman,
Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Powell abstaining, unanimously recommends that holders of Class A Shares vote in favor of the following advisory
resolution (the Say on Pay Resolution):

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 20

Resolved, on an advisory basis
and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board, that the holders of Class A Limited Voting Shares accept the approach
to executive compensation disclosed in this Circular.

On any ballot that may be
called for on the Say on Pay Resolution, the management representatives designated on the form of proxy intend to cast the votes to which
the shares represented by such proxy are entitled FOR the Say on Pay Resolution, unless the shareholder has specified in the form of
proxy that the shares represented by such proxy are to be voted against the Say on Pay Resolution.

2024 Results of the Advisory
Resolution on BAMs Approach to Executive Compensation

Below are the results of the
vote of holders of Class A Shares on the advisory resolution on BAMs Approach to Executive Compensation at the Annual Meeting
of Shareholders held on June 7, 2024.

Votes
For % Votes
Against %

295,942,518 95.72 13,238,916 4.28

Advisory Vote

The Say on Pay Resolution is
an advisory vote and, accordingly, the results are not binding upon the Board. However, the Board and the Governance, Nominating and
Compensation Committee of the Board will take the results of the vote into account when considering future compensation policies, procedures
and decisions. The Board welcomes comments and questions on BAMs executive compensation practices. Shareholders who wish to contact
the Chair, the Lead Independent Director or other Board members can do so through the Corporate Secretary of BAM.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 21

PART THREE STATEMENT
OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

Governance

BAM is committed to good corporate
governance. As such, we aim to continue to strengthen Board and management accountability to maintain public trust in BAM, and promote
the long-term interests of BAM and our shareholders.

Corporate Governance

Majority independent Board, with seven independent director nominees

Lead Independent Director

Private sessions of independent directors after each Board and committee meeting

Only independent directors on Audit Committee and Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee

Risk oversight by the Board and Audit Committee

Oversight of sustainability matters

Board and committee self-evaluations

Robust Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Board Diversity Policy

Directors attended on 100% of meetings held

Compensation

Executive compensation program with emphasis on long-term incentives where rewards are reflective of strong performance over
time (described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Circular)

Director share ownership guidelines requiring directors to hold shares and share units having a value of at least 2 times
their annual retainer

Independent directors required to take 33.3% of their annual retainer in deferred share units, regardless of existing ownership

Share retention policy of at least 5 times annual salary and post-exercise hold period requirements for executives

Executives incentive awards/equity compensation subject to clawback

Anti-hedging, short sale and pledging restrictions

Shareholder Rights

Annual election of directors

Majority voting for directors

Cumulative voting for directors

Active shareholder engagement 

BAMs comprehensive corporate
governance policies and practices are consistent with the requirements of the SEC, the listing standards of the NYSE and the applicable
provisions under the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). They are also consistent
with the guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) and the TSX.

Board of Directors

Mandate of the Board

The Board oversees the management
of BAMs business and affairs directly and through two committees: the Audit Committee and the Governance, Nominating and Compensation
Committee (the GNCC, each of the Audit Committee and the GNCC, a Committee and collectively, the Committees).
The responsibilities of the Board and each Committee are set out in written charters, which are reviewed and approved annually by the
Board. All Board and Committee charters are posted on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance.
The Board charter is also attached as Appendix A to this Circular.

The Board is responsible for:

overseeing
BAMs long-term strategic planning process and reviewing and approving its annual business
plan;

overseeing
managements approach to managing the key risks facing BAM;

safeguarding
shareholders equity interests through the optimum utilization of BAMs capital
resources;

promoting
effective corporate governance;

overseeing
BAMs sustainability program and related practices;

reviewing
major strategic initiatives to determine whether managements proposed actions accord
with long-term corporate goals and shareholder objectives;

assessing
managements performance against approved business plans;

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 22

appointing the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO), overseeing the CEOs selection
of other members of senior management and reviewing succession planning; and

reviewing and approving the reports issued to shareholders, including annual and interim financial statements.

Expectations of Directors

The Board has adopted a charter
of expectations for directors (the Charter of Expectations), which sets out BAMs expectations for personal and professional
competencies, share ownership, meeting attendance, conflicts of interest, changes of circumstance, and resignation events. Directors
are expected to bring any potential conflict of interest to the attention of the Chair or a Committee Chair in advance, and refrain from
voting on such matters. Directors are also expected to submit their resignations to the Chair if: (i) they become unable to attend at
least 75% of the Boards regularly scheduled meetings or (ii) if they become involved in a legal dispute, regulatory or similar
proceedings, take on new responsibilities, or experience other changes in personal or professional circumstances that could adversely
affect BAM or their ability to serve as a director. The Charter of Expectations is reviewed annually and a copy is posted on BAMs
website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance.

Meetings of the Board

The agenda for each Board meeting
is set by the Chair, in consultation with the CFO and Corporate Secretary, before circulation to the full Board.

The Board meets at least quarterly
to review and approve earnings, consider dividend payments and review specific items of business, including transactions and strategic
initiatives. The Board holds additional meetings as necessary to consider special business. The Board also meets once a year to review
BAMs annual business plan and long-term strategy.

Meetings of the Board are primarily
held in New York, NY. In 2024, there were six scheduled Board meetings, consisting of four regular meetings, one special meeting and one
annual strategy session held in October 2024. With the exception of one board meeting held in London, UK, all of the meetings were held
in New York, NY. In 2025, there are five scheduled Board meetings, consisting of four regular meetings and one annual strategy session.

Meetings of Independent Directors

Private sessions of the independent
directors without management directors present are held at the end of each regularly scheduled and special Board meeting, as well as at
the end of the annual strategy session. Each private session of the Board is chaired by the Lead Independent Director, who reports back
to the CEO on any matters requiring action by management. There were six private meetings of independent directors in 2024.

Private sessions of the Committees
without management directors present are also held after each Committee meeting, chaired by the respective Committee Chair, who reports
back to an appropriate executive on any matters requiring action by management.

Independent Directors

The Board has a policy that the
Lead Independent Director and at least a majority of its directors are independent in order to ensure that the Board operates independent
of management and effectively oversees the conduct of management. BAM obtains information from its directors annually to determine their
independence. The Board decides which directors are considered to be independent based on the recommendation of the GNCC, which evaluates
director independence based on the guidelines set forth under applicable securities laws.

In this process, the Board conducts
an analysis of each director nominee to determine if they are an affiliated director (all director nominees who are also current members
of management are, by definition, affiliated directors) or an independent director.

The Chair of the Board is Mr.
Flatt, who is not an independent director. However, each of the Committees are fully comprised of independent directors and the Board
has a Lead Independent Director, Mr. Coutu. In addition, special committees of independent directors may be formed from time to time to
review particular matters or transactions. The Board

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 23

encourages regular and open dialogue between the independent directors and the Chair
to discuss matters raised by independent directors.

The following table shows the
directors standing for election at the meeting and whether each nominee will be an Independent(a) or Management(b)
director:

Director
Nominee Independent Management Reason
for Management Status

Barry
Blattman Mr.
Blattman is a Vice Chair of BAM

Angela
Braly 

Marcel
R. Coutu 

Scott
Cutler 

Bruce
Flatt Mr.
Flatt is the CEO and Chair of the Board of BAM

Olivia
(Liv) Garfield 

Nili
Gilbert 

Keith
Johnson 

Brian
W. Kingston Mr.
Kingston is the Head of U.S., BAM and CEO of Real Estate

Cyrus
Madon Mr.
Madon is the Executive Vice Chair, BAM and Executive Chair of Private Equity

Diana
Noble 

William
Powell Mr.
Powell is a Managing Partner in Brookfields Credit Group

(a) Independent refers to the Boards
determination of whether a director nominee is independent under Section 1.2 of National Instrument 58-101 Disclosure
of Corporate Governance Practices. 

(b) Management refers to a director nominee who is a current
member of management of BAM.

The Board considers that the seven
directors listed as Independent above (approximately 58% of the Board) are independent.

Term Limits and Board Renewal 

The GNCC leads the effort to identify
and recruit candidates to join the Board. In this context, the GNCCs view is that the Board should reflect a balance between the
experience that comes with longevity of service on the Board and the need for renewal and fresh perspectives.

The GNCC does not support a mandatory
retirement age, director term limits or other mandatory Board turnover mechanisms because its view is that such policies are overly prescriptive;
therefore, BAM does not have term limits or other mechanisms that compel Board turnover. The GNCC does believe that periodically adding
new voices to the Board can help BAM adapt to a changing business environment and Board renewal continues to be a priority.

The GNCC reviews the composition
of the Board on a regular basis in relation to approved director criteria and skill requirements and recommends changes as appropriate
to renew the Board (see the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee section in this Statement of Corporate Governance
Practices for further information on BAMs process to identify candidates for election to the Board). Assuming all director nominees
are elected at the meeting, eight of the 12 directors will have been on the Board since BAMs inception in December 2022.

Board Diversity Policy

BAM is committed
to enhancing the diversity of the Board. Our deep roots in many global jurisdictions inform our perspective on diversity and our view
that the Board should reflect a diversity of backgrounds relevant to its strategic priorities. This includes (but is not limited
to) such factors as diversity based on gender, race and ethnicity, as well as diversity of business expertise
and international experience.

To achieve the Boards diversity goals, it has
adopted the following written policy:

Board appointments will be based on merit, having due regard
for the benefits of diversity on the Board, so that each nominee possesses the necessary skills, knowledge and experience to serve effectively
as a director;

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 24

In the director identification and selection process, diversity
on the Board, including the factors referenced above, will influence
succession planning and be a key criterion in identifying and nominating new candidates for election to the Board; and

The Board has an ongoing gender diversity target of ensuring at least 30%
of directors are women.

The Board reflects a diversity
of gender, ethnic and racial backgrounds. Of the 12 directors, two directors self-identify as ethnically diverse and four are women. Therefore,
if all of the director nominees are elected at the meeting, 17% of the Board will continue to be ethnically diverse, and 50% of the independent
directors and approximately 33% of the entire Board will be women, as shown in the gender metrics table below for the director nominees.

Women on the Board

Number Percentage Minimum Target Percentage Target Met

4 33% 30% Met

The GNCC is responsible for implementing
the Board diversity policy, monitoring progress towards the achievement of its objectives and recommending to the Board any necessary
changes that should be made to the policy.

Director Share Ownership Guidelines

The Charter of Expectations sets
forth share ownership requirements of directors, which are in place because BAM believes that directors can better represent shareholders
if they have economic exposure to BAM themselves. BAM requires that each director hold Class A Shares, Restricted Shares and/or Deferred
Share Units (DSUs) having, in the aggregate, a value equal to at least two times the directors annual retainer fee
(Annual Retainer), as determined by the Board from time to time. New directors have six years from the date of joining the
Board to achieve this minimum economic ownership requirement. All directors are required to take one-third of their Annual Retainer in
the form of DSUs.

Director Orientation

BAMs director orientation
program consists of private educational sessions with members of senior management and a comprehensive orientation package. These sessions
include information on BAMs various businesses, its culture, its corporate governance practices, its approach to sustainability
matters and risk management, as well as information regarding the Board and Committees framework in place to manage BAMs affairs
and oversee management. Each new director is informed of the expectations that will be placed on them and the commitment they will be
asked to make to BAM.

Director Education and Site Visits 

BAM provides regular continuing
education for directors. Time is set aside at all regularly scheduled Board meetings for presentations on different areas of BAMs
businesses, led by executives responsible for or familiar with these operations. On a rotating basis, directors are provided with an in-depth
analysis of a business unit of BAM in order to further educate the directors about BAM and its business activities. Directors also receive
presentations on new developments and trends in corporate governance and director fiduciary duties as appropriate.

Director dinners, with select
management present, are held before or immediately following all regularly scheduled Board meetings, and director education is provided
at these dinners by way of presentations on areas relevant to BAMs business. These dinners increase director knowledge of various
business activities and initiatives. Often more junior executives are invited to Board dinners in order to provide directors with exposure
to the next generation of executives and better enable the Board to assess BAMs bench strength from a succession standpoint.

BAMs quarterly Board materials include
a general market report which incorporates detailed information on developed and emerging economies. As well, throughout the course of
the year, the directors are privy to a number of educational sessions as part of the Board and Committee meetings and outside of such
meetings, attend BAMs Director Education Series. To date, BAM has held educational sessions
on topics including human resources function, internal audit and artificial intelligence. 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 25

BAM has undertaken to provide off-site visits
for the Board to BAMs business operations and other relevant destinations in key markets outside of New York and London, where
regularly scheduled Board meetings are normally held. These off-site visits will be designed to provide an opportunity for directors to
gain direct exposure to BAMs operations and a more detailed understanding of its asset management operations. Off-site visits also
offer directors an opportunity to meet and assess BAMs regional leadership in these markets.

Director Commitments

The GNCC monitors the demands
placed on each directors time and attention outside of their service on the Board. This includes, among other things, reviewing
the number of other public company boards that a director sits on to ensure that no director has excessive commitments to other public
companies that may result in a reduced ability for the director to provide effective oversight as a Board member. In this regard, each
director is required to notify the Chair prior to accepting a directorship at another public company.

The view of the GNCC is that a
policy limiting the number of other public company boards that a director can sit on is overly prescriptive and would unnecessarily limit
our pool of candidate directors. Instead, the GNCCs philosophy is to consider all outside commitments of a director in context
and make a determination whether each director is able to serve effectively on behalf of BAMs shareholders. The GNCC has determined
that all director nominees are able to devote the time and attention required to provide effective oversight as a Board member.

Interlocking Directorships

The GNCC monitors interlocking
board and committee memberships among all directors. Board interlocks exist when two directors of one public company sit on the board
of another company and committee interlocks exist when two directors sit together on another board and are also members of the same board
committee. There are currently no interlocking board or committee memberships among the directors of BAM.

Committees of the Board

The Committees of the Board assist
in the effective functioning of the Board and help ensure that the views of independent directors are effectively represented:

Audit Committee; and

GNCC.

The responsibilities of these
Committees are each set out in written Charters, which are reviewed and approved annually by the Board. The Charter of each Committee,
which includes the position description of its respective Committee Chair, can be found on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com
under Corporate Governance. It is the Boards policy that the Committees must consist entirely of independent
directors. Special committees may be formed from time to time to review particular matters or transactions. While the Board retains overall
responsibility for corporate governance matters, each Committee has specific responsibilities for certain aspects of corporate governance
in addition to its other responsibilities, as described below.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is responsible
for monitoring BAMs systems and procedures for financial reporting and associated internal controls, and the performance of BAMs
external and internal auditors. It is responsible for reviewing certain public disclosure documents before their approval by the full
Board and release to the public, such as BAMs quarterly and annual financial statements and managements discussion and analysis.
The Audit Committee is also responsible for recommending the independent registered public accounting firm to be nominated for appointment
as the external auditor, and for approving the assignment of any non-audit work to be performed by the external auditor, subject to the
Audit Committees Audit Policy. The Audit Committee meets regularly in private session with BAMs external auditor and internal
auditors, without management present, to discuss and review specific issues as appropriate. The Audit Committee met four times in 2024.

In addition to being independent
directors as described above, all members of the Audit Committee must meet an additional independence test under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and Canadian securities laws, in that their directors fees must be and are the only compensation they receive, directly or
indirectly, from BAM. Further, the Audit Committee requires that all its

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 26

members disclose any form of association with a present or former
internal or external auditor of BAM to the Board for a determination as to whether this association affects the independent status of
the director.

As at March 17, 2025,
the Audit Committee was comprised of the following three directors: Mr. Coutu (Chair) and Mses. Braly and Gilbert. The Board has determined
that all of these directors are independent for Audit Committee service and financially literate in accordance with the rules of the NYSE,
and that Mr. Coutu is qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined under the Exchange Act. Mr. Coutu has
a Master of Business Administration and over 26 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. He is the former President
and CEO of Canadian Oil Sands Limited, and former Chief Financial Officer of Gulf Canada Resources Limited. Ms. Braly is the former CEO,
President and Chair of the Board of WellPoint, Inc. and has extensive audit committee experience, including having served on the audit
committees of BN and The Procter & Gamble Company. Ms. Gilbert has a Master of Business Administration from Columbia Business School
and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and Chartered Alternative Investments Analyst
charterholder. Ms. Gilbert has over 20 years of professional experience in the asset management business and
is the chair of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zeros Advisory Panel of technical experts, as well as a member of its CEO
Principals Group and serves as Chairwoman of the Investment Committees of both the David Rockefeller Fund and the Synergos Institute.

Governance, Nominating and
Compensation Committee

It is the responsibility of the
GNCC, in consultation with the Chair, to assess from time to time the size and composition of the Board and its Committees; to review
the effectiveness of the Boards operations and its relations with management; to assess the performance of the Board, its Committees
and individual directors; to review BAMs statement of corporate governance practices and to review and recommend the directors
compensation. The GNCC met eight times in 2024, consisting of three regular meetings and five meetings held in connection with the 2025
Arrangement.

The Board has in place a formal
procedure for evaluating the performance of the Board, its Committees and individual directors the GNCC reviews the performance
of the Board, its Committees and the contribution of individual directors on an annual basis (see the Board, Committee and Director
Evaluation section in this Statement of Corporate Governance Practices for further information on the annual director evaluation
process).

The GNCC is also responsible for
reviewing the credentials of proposed nominees for election or appointment to the Board and for recommending candidates for Board membership,
including the candidates proposed to be nominated for election to the Board at the annual meeting of shareholders. To do this, the GNCC
maintains an evergreen list of candidates to ensure outstanding candidates with needed skills can be quickly identified
to fill planned or unplanned vacancies. Candidates are assessed in relation to the criteria established by the Board to ensure that the
Board has the appropriate mix of talent, quality, skills, diversity, perspectives and other requirements necessary to promote sound governance
and Board effectiveness. The GNCC is also responsible for overseeing BAMs approach to sustainability matters, which includes a
review of their sustainability initiatives and any material disclosures regarding sustainability matters.

The GNCC reviews, at least once
a year, the composition of the Committees to ensure that Committee membership complies with the relevant governance guidelines, that the
workload for independent directors is balanced, and that Committee positions are rotated as appropriate. In doing so, the GNCC consults
with the Chair and makes recommendations to the Board, which appoints Committee members.

The GNCC is also responsible for
reviewing and reporting to the Board on management resource matters for BAM, including ensuring a diverse pool for succession planning,
the job descriptions and annual objectives of senior executives, the form of executive compensation in general, including an assessment
of the risks associated with the compensation plans and the levels of compensation of the CEO and other senior executives. Mr. Flatts
compensation in his capacity as BAMs CEO is set by the GNCC. The GNCC also reviews the performance of senior management against
written objectives and reports thereon. In addition, the GNCC is responsible for reviewing any allegations of workplace misconduct claims
that are brought to the Committees attention through BAMs ethics hotline, a referral from BAMs human resources department,
or otherwise.

In reviewing BAMs compensation
policies and practices each year, the GNCC will seek to ensure the executive compensation program provides an appropriate balance of risk
and reward consistent with the companys risk profile. The GNCC will also seek to ensure BAM and our asset management business
compensation practices do not encourage

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 27

excessive risk-taking behavior by the senior management team. The participation in long-term incentive
plans is intended to discourage executives from taking excessive risks in order to achieve short-term unsustainable performance.

All members of the GNCC meet the
standard director independence test in that they have no relationship which could, in the view of the Board, be reasonably expected to
interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment. The Board has adopted a heightened test of independence for all members of
the GNCC, which entails that the Board has determined that no GNCC member has a relationship with senior management that would impair
the members ability to make independent judgments about BAMs executive compensation. This additional independence test complies
with the test in the listing standards of the NYSE. Additionally, the GNCC evaluates the independence of any advisor it retains in order
to comply with the aforementioned NYSE listing standards.

In addition, on an annual basis,
the GNCC reviews and recommends for approval to the Board, a number of BAMs conduct guidelines and corporate policies, including
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct) and guidelines which apply to BAMs directors, officers
and employees as well BAMs investment and capital markets activities, including the thresholds and other criteria governing when
such activities can be approved by management and when Board approval is required.

As at March 17, 2025, the GNCC was comprised of the following four directors: Mses. Garfield (Chair), Gilbert and Noble and Mr. Cutler,
all of whom are independent directors and were members of the GNCC throughout 2024, except for Mr. Cutler, who was appointed to the GNCC
effective March 17, 2025.

Reporting

Each Committee Chair provides
a report to the Board following a meeting of their Committee. A Committees report to the Board provides a review of the matters
that came before the Committee during its meeting, a summary of any decisions that the Committee made, and any other information that
the Committee deems relevant. Additionally, as part of the Committees report, the Committee will recommend any resolutions that
it proposes for adoption by the Board. On an annual basis, each Committee provides a report to shareholders highlighting its work and
achievements during the prior year.

Board, Committee and Director
Evaluation

The Board believes that a regular
and formal process of evaluation improves the performance of the Board as a whole, the Committees and individual directors. Each year,
a survey is sent to independent directors inviting comments and suggestions on areas for improving the effectiveness of the Board and
its Committees. The results of this survey are reviewed by the GNCC, which makes recommendations to the Board as required. Each independent
director also receives a self-assessment questionnaire and all directors are required to complete a skill-set evaluation which is used
by the GNCC for planning purposes.

The Chair or the Lead Independent
Director holds private interviews with each non-management director annually to discuss the operations of the Board and its Committees,
and to provide any feedback on individual directors contributions. This interview process also includes a peer review, where each
director provides feedback to the Chair or the Lead Independent Director on the performance of their colleagues on the Board. The Chair
or the Lead Independent Director reports on these interviews to the GNCC as a basis for recommending to the Board measures to improve
individual director performance and the overall effectiveness of the Board.

Board and Management Responsibilities

Lead Independent Director

BAM does not have a separate Chair
and CEO, as the Chair and CEO is Mr. Flatt. Since the Board has not appointed an independent Chair, the Board has appointed Mr. Coutu
as Lead Independent Director. The Board has adopted written position descriptions for each of the Chair, the Lead Independent Director
and CEO, which are summarized below, as well as position descriptions for each Committee Chair. These position descriptions are reviewed
annually by the Board and posted on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance.

The Chair manages the business
of the Board and ensures that the functions identified in the Boards Charter are being carried out effectively by the Board and
its Committees. In addition, the Chair is responsible for: approving the agenda for each Board meeting after consultation with the CEO,
President, CFO, COO and Corporate Secretary; ensuring directors

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 28

receive the information required to perform their duties; ensuring an
appropriate committee structure is in place; providing an evaluation system to assess the performance of the Board as a whole, the Committees
and individual directors; and working with the CEO and senior management of BAM in monitoring progress on strategic planning, policy implementation
and succession planning.

The Lead Independent Director is generally responsible
for facilitating the functioning of the Board independent of management and the non-independent Chair. The responsibilities of the Lead
Independent Director include: maintaining and enhancing the quality of corporate governance; coordinating the activities of the other
independent directors; consulting and communicating directly with shareholders of BAM and other stakeholders, when appropriate; presiding
over all private sessions of BAMs independent and unaffiliated directors and ensuring that matters raised during these meetings
are reviewed with the CEO and Chair and acted upon in a timely fashion; providing leadership to the Board if circumstances arise in which
the Chair may be, or may be perceived to be, in conflict, in responding to any reported conflicts of interest, or potential conflicts
of interest, arising for any director; and calling meetings of the independent directors, if necessary.

The CEO provides
leadership to BAM and, subject to approved policies and direction by the Board, manages the business and affairs of BAM and oversees the
execution of its strategic plan. In addition, the CEO is responsible for the following functions: presenting to the Board for approval
an annual strategic plan for BAM; presenting to the Board for approval BAMs capital and operating plans on an ongoing basis; acting
as the primary spokesperson for BAM; presenting to the Board for approval an annual assessment of senior management and succession plans;
appointing or terminating senior executives of BAM; setting the direction for BAMs approach to sustainability within its corporate
and asset management activities; and, together with the CFO, establishing and maintaining controls and procedures appropriate to ensure
the accuracy and integrity of BAMs financial reporting and public disclosures.

Managements Relationship
to the Board

BAMs senior management
team reports to and is accountable to the Board. Members of management attend Board meetings at the invitation of the Chair, and Committee
meetings at the invitation of the respective Committee Chairs.

The information provided by management
to directors is critical to Board effectiveness. In addition to the reports presented to the Board and its Committees at meetings, the
directors are also kept informed by management on a timely basis of corporate developments and key decisions taken by management in pursuing
corporate objectives. The directors annually evaluate the quality, completeness and timeliness of information provided by management to
the Board.

Strategic Planning

The Board oversees BAMs
strategy to be a leading global alternative asset manager across renewable power and transition, infrastructure, private equity, real
estate, and credit. To facilitate this strategy, BAM develops an annual business plan to ensure the compatibility of shareholder, Board
and management views on BAMs strategic direction and performance targets, and the effective use of shareholder capital. The Board
meets once a year at an annual strategy session to review the strategic initiatives and annual business plan submitted by senior management.

At the Boards annual strategy
session, the Board reviews BAMs business model, which is to grow fee-related earnings and distributable earnings by raising and
managing Fee-Bearing Capital in various forms from institutional and public market investors.4
BAM is able to raise capital by creating new investment strategies that help its clients meet their financial objectives and by generating
attractive risk-adjusted returns for its clients. In order to deliver strong performance returns on its funds, BAM utilizes its global
reach to identify and acquire high quality assets at favorable valuations, finance them prudently, and then seek to enhance the cash flows
and values of these assets through established operating business groups. BAMs strategic plan is designed to achieve attractive
long-term total returns for shareholders while minimizing risk and enhancing value across our various stakeholder groups in the best interests
of BAM. At the annual strategy session, the Board evaluates the strategic plan and managements annual accomplishments versus the
corporate objectives set forth in the plan.

The Board approves an annual business
plan, which guides senior management in the conduct of BAMs affairs over the ensuing year. Business planning sessions typically
occur during the early part of the fourth quarter of each year, where the Board reviews and provides input into managements business
plan for the coming year. Material proposed deviations from the approved annual business plan are reported to and considered by the Board.

4
Fee-related earnings, distributable earnings and fee-bearing capital are non-GAAP measures. See the Cautionary Statement
Regarding the Use of Non-GAAP Measures and Forward-Looking Statements on page 70 of this Circular.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 29

Time is spent at each Board meeting
discussing BAMs strategy with management in the context of corporate opportunities and strategic initiatives across the organization.
On a quarterly basis, the Board reviews the current global economic climate as applicable to BAM and its business, based on which adjustments
to BAMs strategy may be considered.

Risk Management Oversight

Managing risk is an integral part
of the Boards activities. BAM has established a risk management framework for managing risks across the organization and the Board
plays a central role in overseeing a disciplined and focused approach to risk management.

Given the diversification and
scope of BAMs operations, BAM seeks to ensure that risk is managed as close to its source as possible, and by management teams
that have direct and ongoing knowledge and expertise in the business or risk area. As such, business specific risks are generally managed
at the business unit level, as the risks of each business vary based on its unique nature and operational characteristics. At the same
time, BAM utilizes a coordinated approach to risks with the potential to impact the asset management business as a whole, as well as risks
that tend to be more pervasive and correlated in their impact across the organization. A coordinated approach is also emphasized where
management can bring together specialized knowledge to better manage such risks.

At least quarterly, management
reports to the Board and its Committees on developments and progress made on strategies for managing key risks.

The Board has governance oversight
for risk management with a focus on the more significant risks facing BAM, and builds upon managements risk assessment processes.
The Board has delegated responsibility for the oversight of specific categories of risks to its Committees as follows:

Audit Committee

Oversees the management of risks
related to BAMs systems and procedures for financial reporting, as well as for associated audit processes (both internal and external).
Part of the Audit Committees responsibilities is the review and approval of the internal audit plan, which is designed to ensure
alignment with risk management activities and organizational priorities.

Governance, Nominating and
Compensation Committee

Oversees the management of risks
related to BAMs governance structure and management resource matters, including the effectiveness of Board and Committee activities
and potential conflicts of interest, succession planning, executive compensation, and the roles and annual objectives of senior executives,
as well as performance against those objectives.

Related Party Transactions 

Pursuant to its charter, the GNCC is responsible
for reviewing and conducting oversight of all significant related party transactions involving BAM and situations involving a potential
conflict of interest, which includes transactions between BAM and an executive officer, director, principal shareholder or their immediate
family members. The GNCC is also responsible for ensuring that no related party transaction entered into is inconsistent with the interests
of BAM and its shareholders. Where a related party transaction or situation involving a potential conflict of interest is required to
be dealt with by an independent special committee pursuant to applicable securities laws, BAM will form such a committee. See Governance,
Nominating and Compensation Committee on page 27 of this Circular for more information about the GNCC.

Sustainability

Sustainability at Brookfield

We believe that value creation and sustainable
business practices are complementary goals. We draw on our 100+ year heritage as an owner and operator to invest for value and seek to
generate strong returns for our clients across economic cycles. Our investment strategy has remained unchanged throughout our firms
history we focus on utilizing our operational expertise to enhance long-term value through strategic and operational improvements
within our operating businesses and portfolio companies. Our primary objective is to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns without compromise
to our fiduciary duty.

Our Sustainability Policy outlines our approach
and is based on the following guiding principles:

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 30

Mitigate the impact of our operations on
the environment

Strive to minimize the environmental impact of operations and improve efficient
use of resources over time.

Support the ambition of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions by 2050 or sooner.

Strive to ensure the well-being and safety
of employees

Foster a positive work environment based on respect for human rights, valuing
diversity and having zero tolerance for workplace discrimination, violence or harassment.

Operate with leading health and safety practices to support the goal of
achieving zero serious safety incidents.

Uphold strong governance practices

Operate to the highest ethical standards by conducting business activities
in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

Maintain strong stakeholder relationships through transparency and active
engagement.

Be good corporate citizens

Strive to ensure the interests, safety and well-being of the communities
in which we operate are integrated into our business decisions.

Support philanthropy and volunteerism by our employees.

Our global sustainability policy codifies our
longstanding strategy of integrating sustainability considerations into our decision-making. This policy is reviewed at least annually
and, where applicable, updated periodically by our senior executives, as well as each of our business groups.

Sustainability Affiliations and Partnerships

Through our engagement with sustainability frameworks
and organizations, we continue to evolve our sustainability reporting and protocols to align with leading practices. The following are
some of the frameworks and organizations with which we are affiliated:

Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) 
We have been signatories to the PRI since 2020 and complete the PRI assessment annually, which reinforces our longstanding commitment
to responsible investment and sustainability best practices.

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Sustainability
Alliance We are members of the IFRS Sustainability Alliance, a global program established to develop globally accepted accounting
and sustainability disclosures.

We review all of our memberships with external
organizations periodically or in the event of material changes in their strategy or operations to determine if they continue to be aligned
with our objectives.

Sustainability Organization and Governance

Upholding robust sustainability programs throughout
our firm, business groups, and encouraging our portfolio companies to do the same, remains an important priority. We understand that good
governance is essential to sustainable business operations. The oversight of sustainability is integrated into our overall governance
framework and is aligned with our governance approach. We are committed to upholding strong practices to monitor and oversee our business,
including our overall approach to sustainability.

Our Board is focused on maintaining strong corporate
governance and prioritizing the interests of our shareholders. The Board oversees our business, including reviewing major strategic initiatives
and receiving progress reports on the firms sustainability initiatives throughout the year.

Our approach to sustainability has sponsorship
and oversight from each business groups CEO and sustainability leads, supported by senior executives, including the Chief Operating
Officer (COO) of Brookfield (Governance, Operations and

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 31

Risk Management) and BAMs CEO of Renewable Power and Transition (Decarbonization
and Investment), working in collaboration with BAMs Chief Financial Officer (CFO) (GHG Reporting and Measurement). Since sustainability
covers a significant range of priorities that are varied in scope, we believe that sustainability initiatives should be overseen by individuals
closest to the particular business activity. Functional leads are responsible for developing, implementing and monitoring relevant sustainability
factors within their functional area, such as Technology Services and Human Resources.

Management teams and committees, including the
Decarbonization Steering Committee and Safety Leadership Committee, bring together expertise to address key sustainability areas. This
focuses on proper application and coordination of approaches across our business and functional groups. We organize working groups dedicated
to specialized areas, such as the Sustainability Working Group and Decarbonization Operational Committee, to develop and coordinate initiatives
to advance our overall sustainability efforts.

Integrating Sustainability into Our Investment
Process

As part of our due diligence over investments
where we have control or significant influence, we seek to assess sustainability-related opportunities and risks and factor them into
the overall investment decision. This includes leveraging industry guidance to identify sustainability factors most likely to materially
impact the financial condition or operating performance of companies in a sector. As part of our Sustainability Due Diligence Protocol,
we provide specific guidance to investment teams on assessing bribery and corruption, cybersecurity, health and safety, human rights,
modern slavery and climate-related risks. Where warranted, we perform deeper due diligence, working with internal and third-party experts
as appropriate.

Investments, other than de-minimis or follow on
investments, must be approved by the applicable Investment Committee. Investment teams present the Investment Committee with the merits
of the transaction, its material risks, mitigants and significant opportunities for improvement, including sustainability aspects and
their implications for investment returns.

As part of each acquisition, investment teams
develop a customized integration plan that encompasses, among other items, significant sustainability-related matters for evaluation or
implementation. We believe there is a strong correlation between managing these considerations appropriately and enhancing investment
returns.

Consistent with our management approach, it is
the responsibility of management teams within each portfolio company to manage sustainability opportunities and risks through the investments
life cycle, supported by our applicable investment teams. The combination of local accountability and expertise along with our investment
and operating experience and insight is important when managing a wide range of asset types across jurisdictions. We leverage these capabilities
in collaborating on sustainability initiatives, where appropriate, to drive returns. Where appropriate, we encourage our portfolio companies
to organize training on a variety of sustainability matters for relevant staff.

Management teams regularly report to their respective
boards of directors from both financial and operating perspectives, including key performance indicators that incorporate material sustainability
factors, such as health and safety, compliance with regulatory requirements, environmental management, and, increasingly, GHG emissions.

For investments where we do not have a controlling
interest, for example, where we are a debt investor or in other circumstances where we do not have the ability to exercise influence through
our contractual rights, we actively monitor the performance of our investments and, where appropriate, utilize our stewardship and engagement
practices to encourage sustainability outcomes that are aligned with our sustainability approach.

When preparing an asset for divestiture, we seek
to outline potential value creation deriving from several different factors, including relevant sustainability considerations. Where applicable,
we also prepare both qualitative and quantitative data that summarize the sustainability performance of the investment and provide a holistic
understanding of how we managed the investment during the holding period.

Stewardship and Engagement

In managing our assets, we leverage our significant
influence and operating capabilities to collaborate with our portfolio companies. We encourage sound sustainability practices that are
essential for building resilient and profitable businesses, aiming to create long-term value for our investors and stakeholders. Due to
the operational nature of our value creation methods, we focus on investing in private markets where we can often acquire controlling
interests, or positions of significant influence, in order to deploy our operations-oriented investment strategies.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 32

As a result, proxy voting does not represent a
significant portion of our investment activities. The majority of our proxy voting occurs within Brookfields Public Securities
Group, which represents a very small portion of our overall business (approximately 1% of our AUM as of December 31, 2024).

The following is a summary of some of the sustainability
initiatives that we undertook in 2024.

Environmental

Emissions Reduction Initiatives

As the world is transitioning to a lower-carbon
economy, we view emissions reduction as a material value-creation opportunity. In 2021, we set an ambition to reach net zero by 2050 or
sooner across operationally managed investments. Our net-zero ambition targets assets and investments where we can directly influence
outcomestermed Operationally Managed Investmentsor those already pursuing a transition strategy for economic
benefit.

In selecting which of these assets are capable
of making meaningful progress toward decarbonization targets, we prioritize Operationally Managed Investments where:

We consider such decarbonization steps will add value over the life of the
investment;

We can operationally manage the outcomes; and

We are able to identify and implement actionable initiatives in the near
term.

Driving efficiency and, consequently, value is
a cornerstone of our operations-oriented approach to investing. Therefore, we would expect the quantity and timing of GHG emissions reductions
of our portfolio companies over time to be slightly ahead of industry and regional averages. While we view decarbonization as a meaningful
operational efficiency lever, we acknowledge that transitioning to a net zero future is an ambition that is subject to many unknowns and
uncertainties, including the future availability of required technologies, such as the need for greater battery storage capacity to support
the introduction of greater intermittent renewable energy within electricity grids. Despite these challenges, we work with our portfolio
companies to identify operational value-enhancement and decarbonization opportunities, including areas such as energy efficiency and electrification
measures, amongst others, where our operations teams can work closely with senior management of our portfolio companies to support the
implementation of these value-enhancing improvements. In doing so, we are supporting our portfolio companies in maximizing their value,
while also achieving their decarbonization potential. This contributes to a future lower emissions economy, while delivering strong risk-adjusted
returns for our investors.

We eschew firm-wide policies purporting to exclude
industries or sectors for investment across the energy landscape, including in respect of fossil-fuel-based generation, transportation,
and distribution. Nor do we believe in divestment of high-emitting industries. We believe that there is significant value in supporting
decarbonization initiatives of the highest-emitting industries where we can deliver the greatest level of impact.

Leveraging our leading capabilities in development
and operation of renewable power over the last 30 years, we launched our inaugural Brookfield Global Transition Fund (BGTF I),
raising $15 billion of capital in 2022. This transition strategy focuses on building renewable power, providing capital to other decarbonization
solutions, and targeting high-emission sectors to help businesses transition to sustainable business models and drive long-term value.
Following BGTF Is success, we launched BGTF II in 2023, which is expected to surpass the scale of its predecessor.

Our investments in BGTF I and II aim to deliver
strong risk-adjusted financial returns and meaningful decarbonization impacts. These funds seek to invest in clean energy expansion, sustainable
solutions (i.e., carbon capture and storage, waste recycling,) and transforming companies in carbon-intensive sectors to more sustainable
and value accretive business models.

Beyond our global transition fund strategy, we
do not limit our investments to those that meet specific sustainability criteria or standards. Through the expertise developed within
our global transition strategy, we can offer resources and tools to help companies better identify operational value-enhancement and decarbonization
opportunities. Across all investments, we invest capital on behalf of our clients with the primary objective of delivering strong risk-adjusted
returns.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 33

Water, Waste and Biodiversity

Reducing the impact of our overall water consumption
and waste generation helps build efficient systems, resiliency in our businesses and contributes to a sustainable future. We seek to utilize
leading practices to efficiently monitor water usage and for certain portfolio companies, manage performance, with the objective to seek
opportunities for water consumption reduction. In addition, we seek to adhere to all applicable local and regional waste regulations and
track waste and recycling metrics. Encouraging the conservation of nature and its associated living organisms and ecosystem services is
an important component in achieving our decarbonization goals and managing physical risks related to climate change.

Social

Culture Matters: Human Capital Development

Our people are our most important asset. The core
values of collaboration, entrepreneurship and discipline underpin our firmwide culture. We invest in our people and prepare them for future
leadership. Our firmwide culture, from our dealings with clients to the interactions among employees and executives, is defined by mutual
respect, teamwork and passion, and revolves around our core values:

Collaboration: Leadership works side by side with colleagues throughout
the organization and is committed to achieving shared success. One of the key attributes that we screen carefully for in new hires is
their aptitude to collaborate with others. The firm wants people to share information across groups and take an interest in all the businesses,
not just the one they happen to work for at any particular point in time. We do not hire people just for a specific job; we hire for the
potential of all the future positions they might hold and that will contribute to the broader success of the firm. We actively look for
people who want to learn, grow, and developand demonstrate a willingness to be stretched outside their comfort zone.

Entrepreneurship: Our flat organization is results-orientedresponsibility
is earned based on initiative and hard work, rather than job titleand decisions are made close to the action. This principle is
not uncommon, but we have encouraged our entrepreneurial spirit throughout our growth during the past 20 years. We look for employees
who have a passion not only for what they do but also for what the firm does. The shared values of ownership extend beyond helping the
company succeed or generate more revenue. It means caring about the little things as well, such as not wasting money and treating everyone
with respect.

Discipline: Our team shares an awareness of, and commitment to, our goal
of generating superior long-term returns for investors. Discipline also requires that each person is expected to have a realistic understanding
of his or her own abilities. We expect employees to understand their strengths, recognize their weaknesses, be willing to stretch outside
their comfort zones, and be willing to ask for help when necessary.

The three attributescollaboration, entrepreneurship,
and disciplineform the foundation of Brookfield and have been critical to the success of the partnership in building relationships
that are long-lasting and mutually rewarding. By hiring talented people and giving them opportunities to move into different businesses,
we have been able to build our expertise into a broad ecosystem that facilitates collaboration across different areas and geographies
as needed. The teams draw on sound data and expertise to identify emergent themesinforming their investment process and enabling
us to draw upon actionable intelligence for the benefit of its investors.

Employee Composition

The composition and makeup of our employee base
is indicative of our focus that, as we grow, our people reflect the communities in which we operate. We recognize that a workforce encompassing
a variety of backgrounds is critical to our success. A diverse workforce not only reinforces our core principles of long-term focus, alignment
of interests, and collaboration, but also provides for a more dynamic and interesting work environment. Our global employees self-identify
their ethnicity; the below results demonstrate our state of diversity as at December 31, 2024:

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 34

Global Ethnic Diversity Metrics

White 46%

Asian 34%

Black 5%

Hispanic 3%

Two or More Races/Other 6%

Did Not Respond or Declined to Self-Identify 6%

We are committed to a hiring process that is objective,
nondiscriminatory and in compliance with all applicable legislation and good governance. It is grounded in our commitment to provide equal
employment opportunities with the objective of attracting the highest-qualified talent to our business. We proactively recruit people
who align with the attributes of a Brookfield leader and have the potential to develop within our organization. Our succession process
focuses on the development of early career candidates through stretch roles and exposure.

Occupational Health and Safety

Managing health and safety risk is an integral
part of the management of our business. Our goal is to have zero serious safety incidents.

We have implemented a health and safety governance
initiative to propagate a strong health and safety culture, encourage the sharing of best practices and support the continuous improvement
of safety performance to help eliminate serious safety incidents. The initiative is overseen by the Safety Leadership Committee, which
comprises senior operations executives from across our business groups and regions. Portfolio company management is responsible for ensuring
that their companys health and safety policies and systems are developed, operationalized, and reviewed regularly to address their
specific risk areas. Portfolio company CEOs are accountable for the safety performance of their companies, and they report to their respective
board of directors on this safety performance, safety incidents, and the status of improvement initiatives. Reports on overall health
and safety trends and key initiatives are provided to the Board as part of the quarterly operational risk update.

Human Rights and Modern Slavery

Regarding human rights, we are committed to conducting
our business in an ethical and responsible manner, including by carrying out our activities in a manner that respects fundamental human
rights and supports the prevention of human rights violations within our business. We strive to embed this into our core business activities,
including training, communications, contracts and due diligence processes set out in our Human Rights and Anti-Modern Slavery Policy (Human
Rights Policy), Sustainability Due Diligence Protocol and Vendor Management Program.

Integrity, fairness and respect are hallmarks
of our culture, including carrying out our activities by respecting fundamental human rights and our efforts to identify and prevent human
rights violations within our business and supply chain. We are committed to policies aimed at maintaining a workplace free of discrimination,
violence and harassment, and we expect our staff to act in a way which promotes a positive working environment. Our Human Rights Policy
aims to codify our approach to minimizing the risk of modern slavery within our business and supply chain. We also have specific processes
aimed at identifying human rights and modern slavery as part of due diligence for new investments, which include risk assessments, remedies,
training and governance. Where appropriate, these processes give consideration to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
(OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights as
part of our due diligence process and ongoing management.

In addition, our Human Rights Policy consolidates
the relevant commitments set out in our Code of Conduct, Sustainability Policy, financial crimes policies, and Whistleblowing Policy.
We have several additional policies and procedures that provide guidance on the identification of human rights and modern slavery risks
and the steps to be taken to mitigate these risks.

Governance

Strong governance is essential to sustainable
business operations, and we aim to conduct our business according to high ethical and legal standards.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 35

Sustainability Regulation and Frameworks

Our governance practices are the foundation upon
which we operate our business. We continuously adapt and enhance our policies to meet evolving standards and regulations across jurisdictions
in which we operate.

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity

Data privacy and cybersecurity remain key sustainability
focus areas for us. We undertake initiatives to further enhance our data protection and threat-intelligence capabilities, and to improve
our third-party risk management processes. We review and update our cybersecurity program at least annually and conduct regular external-party
assessments of our program maturity based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. Additionally,
we have continued mandatory cybersecurity education for all employees and enhanced our phishing simulations to include more advanced simulations
and social engineering.

Communication and Disclosure
Policies

BAM has a disclosure policy (the
Disclosure Policy) that summarizes its policies and practices regarding public disclosures of information to investors,
analysts and the media. The Disclosure Policy ensures that BAMs communications with the investment community are timely, consistent
and in compliance with all applicable securities legislation. The Disclosure Policy is reviewed annually by the Board and is posted on
BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance.

BAM keeps its shareholders informed
of progress and developments through a comprehensive annual report, quarterly interim reports and periodic news releases. BAMs
website provides summary information and ready access to its published reports, news releases, statutory filings and supplementary information
provided to analysts and investors. BAM may, subject to applicable securities laws, disseminate important information exclusively via
its website and shareholders and others should consult the website to access this information regarding BAM and its affairs.

Management and shareholders participate
virtually at the annual meeting of shareholders and in person at the annual investor day in New York (Investor Day), and
management is available to respond to questions at these events. At Investor Day, management makes presentations to shareholders, investors
and analysts on our recent performance, our plans for the future and our prospects. Shareholders who wish to contact the Chair or other
Board members can do so through the Corporate Secretary of BAM by phone at 1-866-989-0311 or by email at bam.enquiries@brookfield.com.

BAM also maintains an investor
relations program to respond to inquiries in a timely manner. Management meets on a regular basis with investors and investment analysts
and hosts quarterly conference calls by webcast to discuss BAMs financial results, with a transcript of these calls posted on BAMs
website. Management ensures that the media are kept informed of developments on a timely basis and have an opportunity to meet and discuss
these developments with BAMs designated spokespersons.

Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics

BAMs policy is that all
its activities be conducted with honesty and integrity and in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. To that
end, BAM maintains the Code of Conduct and a Positive Work Environment Policy, which is incorporated into the Code of Conduct. Together,
these policies set out the guidelines and principles for how directors and employees should conduct themselves as members of the BAM team.
Preserving our corporate culture is vital to the organization and following the Code of Conduct, including our Positive Work Environment
Policy, is a critical component of achieving this.

All directors, officers and employees
of BAM are required to provide a written acknowledgment upon joining that they are familiar with and will comply with the Code of Conduct.
All directors, officers and employees of BAM are required to provide this same acknowledgment annually. The Board annually reviews the
Code of Conduct to consider whether to approve changes in BAMs standards and practices. Compliance with the Code of Conduct is
monitored by the Board through the Audit Committee, which receives regular reports on any non-compliance issues from BAMs internal
auditors.

The Code of Conduct is available
on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance and has been filed on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar
and SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 36

Report of the Audit Committee

The following is a summary
of the Audit Committees work during 2024, in accordance with its Charter:

MANDATE

The Audit Committee oversees BAMs financial
reporting and disclosure, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations governing financial reporting and disclosure.

The Audit Committee Charter and the Audit Committee
Chairs position description are available at https://bam.brookfield.com

under Corporate Governance.

Financial Reporting

Reviewed the annual and interim financial statements, external auditors reports, managements discussion and analysis,
supplemental information, financial news releases, officer certifications and all other disclosure documents containing material audited
or unaudited financial information for BAM and Brookfield Asset Management ULC, as applicable

Reviewed
reports related to, and monitored the effectiveness of, disclosure controls, systems and procedures and internal controls over
financial statements and reporting

Received presentations from management on areas relevant to the Audit Committees oversight of financial reporting and the
role of the Audit Committee in reviewing consolidated financial information of BAM and Brookfield Asset Management ULC

Remained responsible for the review of reports related to any allegations of financial reporting fraud or misconduct reported through
BAMs ethics hotline or otherwise, including those reported by employees of wholly owned or controlled operating businesses

External Auditor

Recommended
the firm of chartered accountants to be nominated for appointment as the external auditor by BAMs shareholders

Evaluated
the external auditors performance and monitored the quality and effectiveness of the relationship among the external auditor,
management and the Audit Committee

Reviewed and approved proposed external audit engagement and fees for the year

Monitored the independence of the external auditor and received the external auditors report on its independence

Reviewed
the planned scope of the audit, the areas of special emphasis and the materiality thresholds proposed to be employed

Approved
the Audit Policy governing the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services provided by the external auditor to BAM, Brookfield
Asset Management ULC and their subsidiaries and the ratification of services delivered

Reviewed reports from the external auditor on internal control issues identified in the course of its audit and attestation activities

Met with the external auditor in private sessions after each Audit Committee meeting without management present

Internal Auditors

Reviewed
the quarterly activities and reports of the internal auditors, including completed audits, follow-up plans for outstanding matters
raised and other priorities

Received a report of BAMs plan to comply with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

Reviewed the performance of the internal auditors

Reviewed and approved the internal auditors audit plan

Met independently with the internal auditors

Financial Literacy of Audit
Committee Members

Assessed the financial literacy of each Audit Committee member

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 37

Other Duties and Responsibilities

Reviewed
and approved the Charter of the Audit Committee and the internal auditors

Reviewed
and approved the Report of the Audit Committee included in this Circular

Reviewed
the Audit Committees annual work program

Monitored
the governance and control activities of BAM related to the responsibilities of the Audit Committee

Reviewed
and approved the companys quarterly valuation analysis in respect of the United States Investment Company Act of
1940

Reviewed
senior managements expenses

Monitored
the quality of BAMs finance function and its alignment with the scale and breadth of BAMs business

Met
privately as an Audit Committee after every meeting

MEMBERSHIP 

Marcel R. Coutu, Chair

Angela F. Braly (joined on March 17, 2025)

Nili Gilbert

FINANCIAL LITERACY

All members are financially literate as required by the CSA and Mr. Coutu is a designated financial expert.

INDEPENDENCE All members meet Board-approved independence standards which are derived from the CSA corporate governance guidelines.

For more information about the Audit Committee as
required by Part 5 of NI 52-110, see the Audit Committee section on page 204 of the Annual Report, which is available on
EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar and SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

Auditors Fees

See page 20
of this Circular for a description of the fees that Deloitte received for services rendered during the year
ended December 31, 2024.

The Audit Committee met four
times in 2024. In addition, the Chair of the Audit Committee met regularly with the external auditor, the internal auditors and management.

This report has been adopted and approved by the Audit
Committee:

Marcel R. Coutu, Chair and Nili Gilbert.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 38

Report of the Governance, Nominating
and Compensation Committee

The following is a summary of the GNCCs work during 2024, in accordance with its Charter: 

MANDATE

The GNCC oversees BAMs approach to corporate governance.

The Governance Committee Charter and the Governance Committee
Chairs position description are available at https://bam.brookfield.com under Corporate Governance.

Composition and Performance
of the Board and its Committees

(i) Director
Nominations

Reviewed the size, composition and diversity of the Board and its Committees

Reviewed the competencies and skills represented on the Board and the
skills required of directors and the Board as a whole

Approved six Class A Share director nominees and six Class B Share director
nominees for election by the shareholders at the 2024 meeting of shareholders and recommended them to the Board

(ii) Evaluation
of the Board, its Committees and Individual Directors

Reviewed the process for evaluating the performance of the Board and
the individual directors

Reviewed and approved the current director appointments to the Committees

Director Compensation

Reviewed compensation paid to the independent directors

Corporate Governance

Set the Board Work Plan for 2024

Evaluated and recommended enhancements to BAMs governance practices

Determined the executive officers of BAM

Reviewed, evaluated, and recommended for approval BAMs Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, Clawback Policy, Disclosure Policy, Personal Trading Policy, Majority Voting Policy, Board and Committee
Charters, the Board Position Descriptions and the Charter of Director Expectations

Sustainability Matters

Oversaw BAMs approach to sustainability matters within its corporate
and asset management activities, and reviewed and approved the Committees Sustainability Work Plan

Updated the Board on sustainability matter as necessary

Monitored developments of international trends and best practices in corporate
disclosure of sustainability matters

Reviewed
and assessed BAMs corporate responsibility strategy for sustainability matters and related reporting

Succession Planning

Reviewed and assessed BAMs management resource planning program

Reviewed and assessed senior executive performance

Assessed senior executive succession candidates

Reviewed BAMs diversity and high-potential executive development
initiatives

Reviewed BAMs diversity and inclusion strategy, initiatives and
progress

Executive Compensation Philosophy

Reviewed
BAMs compensation philosophy

Reviewed
BAMs compensation policies related to alignment of interests between its executives and the shareholders

Assessed the alignment of interests of senior management through equity
ownership with the creation of shareholder value over the long-term

Assessed the risks associated with BAMs compensation approach,
policies and practices

Appointment and Compensation
of Senior Management

Reviewed and approved the compensation of senior management

Evaluated
the Annual Management Incentive Plan and Long-Term Share Ownership Plans and reviewed the value outstanding in these plans

Reviewed and approved the (i) Annual Management Incentive Plan awards
and (ii) Long-Term Share Ownership Plan awards, and reviewed the future value of payouts related to share ownership awards made
to senior management assuming various performance scenarios 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 39

CEO Performance, Evaluation
and Compensation

Evaluated the CEOs performance

Reviewed and approved the compensation of the CEO

Reviewed the priorities for the CEO

Review of Arrangement to Enhance
BAMs Corporate Structure (the 2025 Arrangement)

Reviewed and assessed terms of the 2025 Arrangement and considered fairness
of the transaction

Unanimously resolved to recommend that the Board determine that the 2025
Arrangement is in the best interests of BAM and approve the 2025 Arrangement;

Recommended that shareholders of BAM vote in favor of the resolution approving
the 2025 Arrangement at the special meeting of shareholders of BAM held on January 27, 2025

MEMBERSHIP 

Olivia (Liv) Garfield, Chair

Scott Cutler (joined on March 17, 2025)

Nili Gilbert

Diana Noble 

INDEPENDENCE All members meet Board-approved independence standards which are derived from the CSA corporate governance guidelines. 

The GNCC met eight times in 2024,
consisting of three regular meetings and five meetings held in connection with the 2025 Arrangement.

This report has been adopted and
approved by the members of the Governance Committee:

Olivia (Liv) Garfield, Chair;
Nili Gilbert; Diana Noble 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 40

PART FOUR DIRECTOR COMPENSATION AND EQUITY
OWNERSHIP 

Director Compensation 

Compensation Elements

The compensation program of the Board for the 2024
fiscal year was as follows:

Compensation Elements Amount Comments

Director Retainer $250,000 

Lead Independent Director Retainer No additional compensation is received by the director serving in the capacity of Lead Independent Director.

Audit Committee Chair Retainer $35,000 

GNCC Chair Retainer $15,000 

Audit Committee Member Retainer (Non-Chair) $10,000 

Travel stipend for non-residents of the New York City area $15,000 This payment recognizes the time it takes these directors to travel long distances to attend all regularly scheduled meetings, and is in addition to reimbursement for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses.

Members of management who serve
as directors of BAM do not receive any compensation in their capacity as directors.

The
GNCC annually reviews the compensation paid to the non-management directors, taking into account the complexity of BAMs operations,
the risks and responsibilities involved in being a director of BAM, the requirement to participate in regularly scheduled and special
Board meetings, expected participation on Committees and the compensation paid to directors of comparable companies. 

In
2024, the directors, excluding Messrs. Carney, Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Pollock, collectively
received annual director compensation having a total value of $1,899,344, excluding all other compensation unrelated to Board membership.
Directors compensation was comprised of cash and other compensation of $445,925 and DSUs of BAM valued at $1,453,419, which represented
approximately 23% and 77%, respectively, of total compensation paid to these directors during 2024.

Other
than cash and DSU compensation set forth in the prior paragraph, no other compensation was paid to non-management directors in relation
to their Board membership.

2024 Director Compensation

The following table sets out compensation received
during 2024 by BAMs directors(a):

Name Board Position 

Fees Earned

in Cash

($) 

Share-Based

Award (DSUs)

($)(b) 

Option-Based

Award /

Escrowed Shares

($) 

All Other 

Compensation

($) 

Compensation

Total

($)(c)

Marcel R. Coutu Lead Independent
Director and Audit Committee Chair 300,000 300,000

Olivia (Liv) Garfield Chair of the GNCC 280,000 280,000

Nili Gilbert 130,000 130,000 260,000

Keith Johnson 269,344 269,344

Allison Kirkby 183,425 91,575 275,000

Diana Noble 132,500 132,500 265,000

Satish Rai 250,000 250,000

Total 445,925 1,453,419 1,899,344

(a) Messrs. Carney, Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Pollock did not receive any
compensation in their capacity as directors of BAM. For Messrs. Flatt and Kingstons compensation as Named Executive Officers (as
defined in this Circular), see pages 62 to 64 of this Circular. Messrs. Carney, Madon and Pollock received compensation in their capacity
as employees of BAM. In total, the amounts paid to these three employees were $4,000,000 in base salaries, $3,500,000 in cash bonuses
and $67,439 in annual retirement savings contributions and participation in the executive medical program in 2024. Messrs. Madon and Pollock
also received a total of $8,941,200 in Escrowed Shares in 2024. 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 41

(b) The value of each DSU is equal to the closing price of a Class A Share
on the NYSE on the grant date of the DSU.

(c) Includes annual travel stipend to eligible directors of $15,000.

Directors are also reimbursed
for travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred to attend Board or Committee meetings. During 2024, the directors, excluding Messrs.
Carney, Flatt, Kingston, Madon and Pollock, received an aggregate of $375,491 for reimbursement of such expenses.

The following tables set out information
relating to options and other share-based awards granted to directors, excluding Messrs. Flatt and Kingston, whose awards relate to their
roles as employees of BAM and is disclosed under Compensation of Named Executive Officers beginning on page 62 of this Circular.

Outstanding Share-Based Awards
as at December 31, 2024 (Named Executive Officer directors excluded)

The following table shows the
number and market value of vested DSUs awarded to and held by the BAM directors at December 31, 2024.

Share-Based Awards

Deferred Share Units (DSUs)

Name Number of Vested DSUs (#) Market Value of Vested DSUs ($)(a)

Mark Carney(b) 

Marcel R. Coutu 45,218 2,450,352

Olivia (Liv) Garfield 15,610 845,904

Nili Gilbert 7,264 393,626

Keith Johnson 15,249 826,339

Allison Kirkby 4,558 246,989

Cyrus Madon(b) 56,083 3,039,142

Diana Noble 5,919 320,741

Samuel J.B. Pollock(b) 20,639 1,118,419

Satish Rai 11,258 610,045

(a) The market value is based on the closing price of a Class A Share on the
TSX on December 31, 2024 of $54.21 (C$77.96 converted into U.S. dollars at the Bloomberg mid-market exchange rate on that date of C$1.00
= US$0.6953) and $54.19 on the NYSE as applicable. 

(b) Messrs. Madon and Pollocks DSUs were issued in their capacity as
an employee of BAM. Mr. Carney did not receive any DSUs in his capacity as an employee or director of BAM.

Outstanding Escrowed Shares as at December 31, 2024
(Named Executive Officer directors excluded)

The following table shows the
number and market value of Escrowed Shares awarded to and held by BAM directors at December 31, 2024:

Escrowed Shares

Name 

Number of
Vested Escrowed Shares

(#)(a) 

Market Value
as at December 31, 2024

($)(b)

Cyrus Madon 741,967 17,582,289

Samuel J.B. Pollock 731,257 17,319,400

(a) Mr. Madon has 1,975,450 unvested Escrowed Shares and Mr. Pollock has 1,959,386
unvested Escrowed Shares outstanding. 

(b) The value of the Escrowed Shares is equal to the value of the Class A
Shares held by the Escrowed Company less the net liabilities and preferred share obligations of the Escrowed Company. 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 42

Outstanding Options
as at December 31, 2024 (Named Executive Officer directors excluded)

The following table shows the number and market value
of unexercised options awarded to and held by the BAM directors at December 31, 2024.

Options 

Name

Number
of Securities 

Underlying Unexercised 

Option 

(#) 

Option
Exercise Price

($) 

Option
Expiration Date

Market
Value of 

Unexercised Options

at
December 31, 2024(b)

($) 

Mark
Carney(a) 209,300 35.13 February
15, 2033 3,989,572 

200,000 40.07 February
15, 2034 2,824,320 

Total 409,300 6,813,892 

(a) Mr. Carneys Options were granted in his capacity
as an employee of BAM. 

(b) The market value of the options is the amount by which
the closing price of the Class A Shares on December 31, 2024 exceeded the exercise price of the options. All values are calculated using
the closing price of the Class A Shares on December 31, 2024 on the TSX and NYSE, as applicable. The closing price of the Class A Shares
on the TSX on December 31, 2024 was $54.21 (C$77.96 converted into U.S. dollars at the Bloomberg mid-market exchange rate on that date
of C$1.00 = US$0.6953) and on the NYSE was $54.19.

Equity Ownership of Directors

Director Share and DSU Ownership Requirements

The Board believes that its directors
can better represent BAMs shareholders if they have an alignment of economic interest. Accordingly, directors are required to hold
Class A Shares, DSUs and/or Restricted Shares of BAM having a value of at least two times their aggregate annual retainer (the Director
Share Ownership Guidelines). This minimum ownership requirement is currently $500,000 for non-management directors. A director
must achieve this minimum ownership requirement within six years of joining the Board.

All independent directors are
required to receive at least 33.3% of their Annual Retainer in DSUs (see Long-Term Share Ownership Plans on pages 53 to
55 of this Circular). Subject to these requirements, all non-management directors have the option of electing to receive their Annual
Retainer in DSUs or cash.

Anti-Hedging Policy

In order to maintain the alignment
of interests between BAM and its directors, BAM generally prohibits all directors, including management and affiliated directors, from
using derivatives or other financial instruments to retain legal ownership of their shares or share units in BAM while reducing their
exposure to changes in BAMs share price. Moreover, a director may not hold a short position in any security of BAM or its affiliates,
either by way of a short sale or by utilizing derivatives. This allows shareholders to determine a directors true economic exposure
to BAMs equity. Under limited circumstances, a director may be permitted to enter into a transaction that has the effect of hedging
the economic value of any direct or indirect interests held by the such director, but only to the extent that the transaction (i) is executed
and disclosed in full compliance with all applicable rules and regulations; (ii) has been approved by the CEO, President or the CFO and,
if appropriate, the GNCC; and (iii) is in respect of interests directly or indirectly held by such director in excess of the interests
that such director is required to hold under the Director Share Ownership Guidelines. To date, no director has hedged the economic value
of their direct or indirect interests in BAM.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 43

Equity Ownership of Directors

The following table sets out the
total number of Class A Shares, DSUs and pro rata interest in Class A Shares held by the 12 proposed nominees for election to the Board
at the meeting. See pages 11 to 16 of this Circular for information on the individual equity ownership of the director nominees and also
ownership of the Partnership as described on page 8.

Holdings 

As at March 7, 2025 

Class A Shares(a)

(#) DSUs 

(#) Total Class A Shares, 

Pro Rata Interest in Class A 

Share 

(#) 

Total 30,750,564 1,062,851 31,813,415 

(a) Includes (i) the directors pro rata interests in
Class A Shares held by PVI (on a consolidated basis) and (ii) the directors Escrowed Shares, which also represent an indirect pro
rata interest in Class A Shares. The value of these indirect pro rata interests is impacted by a number of factors including the terms
of their ownership, the capital structure of each company, the value of the Class A Shares held by each company and their net liabilities
and preferred share obligations.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 44

PART FIVE COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

PART FIVE COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 45

Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview 45

Compensation Approach 46

Overview of the Business in 2024 47

Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee Governance 48

Key Elements of Compensation 51

Key Policies and Practices to Support Alignment 55

2024 Compensation Decisions 58

Chief Executive Officer Ownership Interests in BAM 60

Compensation of Named Executive Officers 62

Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview

Brookfields investment approach is to acquire
high quality assets and businesses that are reasonably valued and actively utilize the breadth of our operating experience to enhance
the value of what we buy. Once we have optimized the earning profile and the investment has been de-risked, we seek to sell the business
opportunistically to realize maximum risk-adjusted returns. Our goal is to create long-term sustainable growth in fee-related earnings
and carried interest flow from our alternative investment business that increases long-term shareholder value. We believe that the price
of the Class A Shares over the long-term is the most relevant and appropriate measure of whether we have achieved this goal.

Successfully executing on this investment approach
requires a management team with a long-term focus on running the business, predicated on collaborative relationships, the discipline to
follow our investment strategy in good and more difficult times, and the entrepreneurship to focus on the long-term. In furtherance of
our investment approach, we employ a talent management strategy designed to (i) attract people who embrace this long-term focus and demonstrate
our values of collaboration, discipline, and entrepreneurship, and (ii) ensure we develop and retain them. The policies and practices
we adopt to do this are deliberate. We follow them because they have demonstrably supported, and we believe will continue to support,
our long-term approach to running the business.

The primary objectives of our talent management strategy are to:

Attract and retain highly qualified and motivated executives who have confidence
in, and are committed to, BAMs overall business strategy to create shareholder value over the long-term; 

Emphasize long-term decision-making with a focus on capital preservation
and achievement of attractive risk-adjusted returns; 

Encourage collaboration across the organization to ensure we harness the
power of the breadth of our platform;

Reward consistent, long-term performance aligned with the interests and
expectations of our investors; and

Be transparent to the employees and the shareholders of BAM.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 45

Compensation Approach

A critical component of our talent management
strategy is our approach to compensation. Our decades of experience has taught us that the approach we take to compensation is essential
to executing our long-term business plan. Some highlights of our approach to compensation include:

Alignment of pay with appreciation in our Class A Share price
over the long-term.

Compensation programs that reward behaviors that align with
long-term value creation.

Long-term incentives that are competitive with our industry
in form and level allowing for the attraction of top talent.

Pay mix heavily weighted to long-term incentives.

Five-year vesting period for all long-term incentive awards
and mandatory hold period upon vest for executive officers.

Departing executives forfeit unvested awards.

Clawback policy triggered by detrimental conduct or accounting
misstatement.

Minimum share ownership requirements for executive officers.

Say on Pay advisory vote on executive compensation programs.

BAMs
compensation arrangements align managements interests with those of BAMs shareholders.

Management,
executive officers and directors of BAM hold direct, indirect and economic interests representing approximately 100 million Class
A Shares and share equivalents of BAM.

Our emphasis on equity compensation, which has
long-term vesting and retention requirements, ensures that our executives make decisions and take risks in a manner that aligns with the
long-term interests of shareholders. Executives in dedicated fund management groups in most cases have compensation arrangements that
also include a component more directly linked to the long-term performance of the fund being managed. This includes BAMs CFO who,
in addition to being responsible for overseeing the firms finance, treasury, tax and investor relations functions, is a co-head
of Brookfields infrastructure debt and structured solutions businesses and has a percentage of her long-term compensation tied
to the long-term performance of this business. The value created for the applicable funds investors directly relates to the payments
made under such plans and this value, in turn, benefits BAM. The timing of these payments to executives who are dedicated to a fund are
delayed until the funds performance is substantially realized and risk outcomes are determined, ensuring that the principles of
rewarding risk management and value creation over the long-term are consistent across each of our businesses. Awards under these plans
have the same 5-year vesting period and departing executives forfeit unvested awards. In addition, vested award may be forfeited for non-compliance
in certain circumstances. Unless specifically noted otherwise, the remainder of the discussion in this Circular focuses on the Named Executive
Officers (as set out on page 48 of this Circular) but also pertains to executives of BAM who have corporate responsibilities.

Compensation Arrangements Create Alignment
of Interests between Shareholders and Management

While the goals of our compensation arrangements
are similar to the goals expressed by many companies, the policies and practices we use to achieve these goals differ in certain respects
from market convention. Our compensation policies and practices have been shaped to align our executives with our goal of creating exceptional
value for our shareholders with a focus on long-term stewardship of the business. More specifically, our compensation programs consistently
focus on the long term:

All executives receive a significant portion of their compensation in the
form of equity which vests for a minimum of a 5-year period in arrears. As individuals progress in seniority, more of their compensation
is in the form of long-term awards. The Named Executive Officers, in aggregate, have on average received approximately 77% of their 2024
annual compensation in the form of long-term awards. 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 46

Cash bonuses represent a relatively modest proportion of each Named Executive
Officers total average annual compensation. Further, Named Executive Officers are eligible to elect to receive their cash bonuses
in the form of long-term incentives. 

Our Option and Escrowed Share awards have a 10-year life and reward executives
for share price appreciation over the period. Our senior management team (Executive Officers), which includes the Named
Executive Officers, has consistently held these equity-based awards for over eight years on average; moreover, upon exercise and/or exchange,
our Executive Officers have retained a substantial majority of the net proceeds in the form of Class A Shares of BAM.

Executive officers are required to hold a minimum of five times their salary
in BAM equity and all executive officers meet and, in most cases, far exceed this requirement. This high share ownership further demonstrates
managements strong alignment with and belief in the long-term prospects of the business. 

Management, executive officers and directors of BAM hold direct, indirect
and economic interests in BAM representing approximately 100 million Class A Shares and share equivalents of BAM. Put simply, our management
team acts like, thinks like, and is a significant owner, alongside all of our shareholders, of the business.

In addition, we have adopted the following policies
which further support a long-term ownership focus and alignment with shareholders:

Executive officers are required to hold, for at least one year, an interest
in Class A Shares equal to the net proceeds realized on the exercise of options or the exchange of Escrowed Shares.

Departing executives forfeit all unvested long-term incentive plans awards
unless a different arrangement is specifically approved by the GNCC.

Our clawback policy provides for the reimbursement of incentive and equity-based
compensation by executive officers in the event of conduct that is detrimental to the business or an accounting restatement, and is designed
to comply with the clawback rules of the SEC and the related exchange listing standards (the U.S. Clawback Rules).

In light of the significant long-term nature of
our approach to compensation, we do not add performance conditions to our vesting terms. In general, performance vesting involves setting
specific performance metrics which BAM is required to meet over a specified performance period before executives are entitled to receive
value under the long-term plan. It is quite common for these provisions to include performance periods of three years. As noted above,
our compensation programs provide for longer vesting periods of five years. We believe that adding short-term performance metrics to our
compensation plans would be detrimental to our overall long-term focus and would threaten to introduce the risk of behavior that favors
short-term performance over long-term value creation. While we are respectful of those who use these metrics, we have reviewed this approach
and do not believe it is in the best interests of our shareholders or of the business.

Value creation for our senior management team
is virtually 100% based on share price over the long term we do not provide performance multipliers that pay out for strong performance
in a weak market or for achieving internal targets set by management our management receive value from their equity awards only
when our shareholders realize value over the long-term.

The following sections provide a detailed description
of BAMs executive compensation philosophy and programs and the decisions of our GNCC under these programs, as well as the factors
considered in making its decisions.

Overview of the Business in 2024

BAMs operations are organized
into five principal investment strategies in addition to our corporate activities. These strategies consist of renewable power and transition,
infrastructure, private equity, real estate and credit. Certain executives who: (i) have responsibility for overall corporate activity;
(ii) are in charge of one of BAMs principal business units, divisions or functions; or (iii) perform a similar policy making function
for BAM, are executive officers of BAM. As at December 31, 2024, there were nine executive officers.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 47

BAMs compensation philosophy
described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis is applicable for all corporate executives; however, the focus is on the compensation
of our Named Executive Officers for 2024 who were:

Named Executive Officer Position

Bruce Flatt CEO, BAM

Hadley Peer Marshall(a) CFO, BAM

Bahir Manios(a) Former CFO, BAM

Connor Teskey President, BAM; CEO, Renewable Power and Transition

Brian W. Kingston CEO, Real Estate 

Anuj Ranjan(b) CEO, Private Equity

(a) On March 19,
2024, BAM announced the appointment of Hadley Peer Marshall as CFO of BAM effective May 31, 2024.

(b) On February
1, 2024, Anuj Ranjan was formally appointed as CEO, Private Equity. 

The GNCC recommends to the full
Board for the final approval of the compensation for the Named Executive Officers and the other executive officers of BAM.

The Board has charged the executive
officers with building a global asset management business focused on long-term sustainable growth in cash flows. The following table outlines
the key business accomplishments for 2024:

2024 Business Achievements

Expanded our asset management
activities:

&squarf; Increased Assets Under Management
to over $1 trillion and Fee-Bearing Capital to $539 billion.

&squarf; Raised $137 billion of capital
for the full year.

Deployed $48 billion of capital
over the year, most notably within credit (over $26 billion), real estate ($6.1 billion), and private equity ($5.9 billion). Additionally,
we sold assets and businesses valued at nearly $40 billion, representing $30 billion of equity capital.

Our asset management business
recorded strong financial results, generating $2.5 billion of Fee-Related Earnings in the year, up 10% from the prior year, and $2.4
billion of Distributable Earnings, up 5% from the prior year.

Increased our quarterly dividend
by 15% to $1.75 per share on an annual basis.

Role of the Governance, Nominating
and Compensation Committee 

Governance, Nominating and
Compensation Committee Members and Expertise

Mses. Garfield (Chair) and Noble
were appointed to the GNCC on December 9, 2022, Ms. Gilbert was appointed to the GNCC on June 9, 2023, and Mr. Cutler was appointed to
the GNCC effective March 17, 2025. Each of the four members of the GNCC are independent, and the Board believes that the GNCC collectively
has the knowledge, skills, experience and background required to fulfill its mandate.

Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee
Mandate 

The GNCC has a specific written
mandate to review and approve compensation for the executive officers. This includes an annual evaluation of the performance of the Named
Executive Officers and other executive officers. The GNCC makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the compensation of the Named
Executive Officers and the Board gives final approval on compensation matters.

The GNCC meets as required, and
at least annually, to monitor and review management compensation policies, management succession planning, diversity and the overall composition
and quality of BAMs management resources. The GNCC held eight meetings in 2024, consisting of three regular meetings and five meetings
held in connection with the 2025 Arrangement, and there are four regular meetings scheduled for 2025. None of the recommendations of the
GNCC have been rejected or modified by the Board during 2024.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 48

Benchmarking Executive Compensation and Compensation
Peer Group

Salary and short-term incentives
are elements of compensation that can be easily benchmarked; however, long-term incentives are more difficult to benchmark since their
value is dependent on the underlying assumptions used by each organization and may not be consistent across organizations. Since long-term
incentives are a significant focus of BAMs incentive programs, the GNCC has not defined a peer group or benchmarked Named Executive
Officer compensation against a peer group. Management conducts annual compensation benchmarking for executives and results are shared
with the GNCC as appropriate. As described above, the GNCC believes that BAMs current compensation policies have assisted in attracting
and retaining top talent and encouraging executives to assess the risks related to their decisions and actions, and minimizing the ability
of executives to benefit from taking risks that increase the performance of BAM in the short-term at the expense of long-term value. The
GNCC also believes that BAMs current compensation policies meet BAMs other objectives, as described under Compensation
Approach on page 46 of this Circular.

Independent Compensation Advisors

The GNCC has the authority to
retain independent compensation advisors, but did not do so in 2024. If the GNCC engages outside compensation advisors in the future,
it will take appropriate steps to ensure they are independent from, and provide no other services to, BAM or its management.

Succession Planning

Each year the GNCC assesses the
availability of suitable succession candidates for the executive officer positions, including the CEO and other Named Executive Officers.
Specifically, the GNCC is provided with a list of potential leadership candidates and reviews the performance, skills, current responsibilities
and plans for their continued development. In addition, the GNCC spends time each year reviewing, with management, the performance and
development of junior executives. The GNCC believes that this review is important for succession planning purposes and for the compensation
awarding process. Brookfield has a long history of developing executives from within rather than hiring externally and the awarding of
long-term incentives is an important component of rewarding and retaining these executives.

Diversity

BAM is committed to workplace
diversity; both ethnic and gender diversity are important to BAMs long-term success and BAM actively supports the development and
advancement of a diverse group of employees capable of achieving leadership positions. Leadership appointments are solely based on merit,
and not on other factors because management and the Board believe that merit should be the guiding factor in determining whether a particular
candidate is capable of bringing value to BAM. As such, the Board has not adopted formal targets for female representation in executive
positions. However, a cornerstone of BAMs succession planning process is a tailored approach to the development and advancement
of employees capable of achieving executive officer positions. Tailoring the development plan for each individual permits BAM to consider
the needs of the individual, including considerations that are gender-based. This tailored approach to developing executives starts with
identifying individuals who demonstrate the skills and attributes required to achieve executive officer positions within BAM. The progress
of these individuals is reviewed annually in order to ensure that each individual is being provided opportunities to achieve their potential.
Development opportunities include exposure to a new competency or skill, a transfer between business units, a relocation, a role expansion
and other stretch opportunities.

While BAM has not
adopted formal targets for female representation in executive officer positions, management and the GNCC actively monitor the percentage
of females identified as capable of achieving executive officer positions in aggregate, by business unit and by geography. In 2024, of
the individuals identified as having the potential to achieve executive officer positions, approximately 48% self-identified as ethnically
diverse and approximately 37% were women. Management and the GNCC review annually a summary of high
performance employees, including by gender and geography, the type of development opportunities provided to these individuals and changes
to their compensation year over year in order to monitor BAMs activities related to increasing female representation in senior
management positions.

Compensation Related Risk

Annually, the GNCC reviews BAMs
compensation approach, policies and practices as well as BAMs incentive plans at the corporate level and within its business units.
In 2024, the GNCC completed this review in November 2024.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 49

The GNCC also reviews the terms
and conditions of the Long-Term Share Ownership Plans, as well as any proposed amendments, and considers the appropriateness and effectiveness
of the plans in the context of current compensation practices, regulatory changes and BAMs objectives. The GNCC receives an update
on the financial arrangements entered into by BAM to hedge the impact on BAM of future increases in the market price of its Class A Shares
against the liability incurred under BAMs Deferred Share Unit Plan. For 2024, the GNCC determined that the plans are appropriate
and effective.

The GNCC reviewed BAMs
compensation policies and practices, including the design of BAMs incentive plans to ensure that they:

encourage management
to consider the risks associated with their decisions;

minimize managements ability to benefit from taking
risks that increase performance in the short-term at the expense of long-term value creation;

hold management accountable for their decisions both during
employment with, and post-departure from, BAM; and

provide discretion to the GNCC, where appropriate, to prevent
unintended consequences which either unduly benefit or penalize management.

This review separately considered
businesses that deploy capital (e.g. private fund business) and businesses that do not deploy capital (e.g. fee for service business)
since the compensation risks associated with these businesses are different.

The GNCC reported the results
of its 2024 review to the Board in November 2024. The GNCC did not identify any risks which are reasonably likely to have a material adverse
effect on BAM. It was concluded that BAMs compensation approach, policies and practices for its executives at the corporate level
and within its business units appropriately:

encourage executives to consider the risks associated with their decisions
and actions; and

do not result
in the probability that excessive payouts will be made before the outcome of risks are known.

In reaching their conclusion, the GNCC considered the
following:

the emphasis on long-term compensation for executives in
businesses that allocate capital including five-year vesting periods and the forfeiture terms related to departure;

the fact that the design of incentive arrangements for businesses
that deploy capital considers the additional risk relative to businesses that do not deploy capital;

the direct link between the payout to the executive and
the performance of the businesses; and

the timing of payouts to executives who are dedicated to
a fund are delayed until the funds performance is substantially realized and risk outcomes are determined.

The GNCC also reported that the
compensation arrangements for the Named Executive Officers are consistent with the objectives of BAMs compensation program as outlined
under Compensation Approach on page 46 of this Circular, support the creation of shareholder value over the longer term,
as well as the attraction and retention of executives who make decisions with a long-term view, and encourage an assessment of risk related
to the decisions made and actions taken. The following practices related to the compensation of the executive officers support this conclusion:

the highest percentage of total annual compensation is granted as Long-Term
Share Ownership Plan awards which vest over five years with overlapping vesting periods;

the significant level of equity ownership by management;

management remains exposed to the long-term risks associated
with their decision-making through their equity ownership and compensation granted as long-term incentives;

the fact that options and escrowed shares are held well
beyond their vesting period and generally until close to their expiry date; and

the length of tenure of management with Brookfield.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 50

Key Elements of Compensation

During
the past three years, total compensation for the Named Executive Officers has been comprised of approximately 12% Base Salary, 10%
Annual Management Incentive Plan awards and 78% Long-Term Share Ownership Plan awards.

In order to achieve our compensation
objective to create alignment of interests between shareholders and management, while minimizing managements ability to benefit
from taking risks that increase performance in the short-term at the expense of long-term value creation, executives receive a substantial
portion of their compensation in awards under the Long-Term Share Ownership Plans described on pages 53 to 55 of this Circular which:

reinforces the focus on long-term value creation;

aligns the interests of executives with other shareholders of BAM; and

encourages
management to follow a rigorous forward-looking risk assessment process when making business decisions. 

Total compensation for executives
with corporate responsibilities is comprised of the following elements: Base Salary, Annual Management Incentive Plan awards (Bonus)
and participation in BAMs Long Term Share Ownership Plans and standard benefits.

Total
compensation for executives who are at earlier stages in their careers also includes awards pursuant to BAMs Long- Term Share Ownership
Plans but a larger percentage of their total compensation is in the form of Base Salary and Bonus awards in recognition of their personal
needs and to be competitive within the alternative asset management industry. Furthermore, changes in total compensation from year to
year often vary more for these executives as they take on increasing responsibility.

As executives progress within
BAM, they have the opportunity to receive their annual Bonus in DSUs instead of cash under BAMs Deferred Share Unit Plan or Restricted
Shares under BAMs Restricted Stock Plan. This enables executives to increase their ownership interest in BAM over time.

The following table provides an
overview of each of the elements of compensation, followed by further details related to BAMs Bonus and Long-Term Share Ownership
Plans.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 51

Element Purpose How Determined

Base Salary 

Deliver the only form of fixed compensation

CEO Base Salary is similar to other executive officers, subject to cost of living differentials
between employment locations

Not intended to be the most significant component of an executives compensation

Base
Salaries for senior and other executives are reviewed annually to reflect the relative experience and contribution of each executive

Annual Management Incentive Plan (Bonus)

Maximum target annual incentive is 100% of Base Salary

(There is a detailed description of the plan on page
53 and 2024 awards are outlined on page 59 of this Circular)

Motivate and reward participants for achieving annual business objectives and for making decisions
and taking actions consistent with BAMs long-term focus

Foster a collaborative approach
to meeting long-term objectives

Not intended to be the most significant component of an executives compensation

Executives may elect to take bonuses in the form of DSUs or Restricted Shares

Annual cash bonuses are discretionary, based on individual, team and corporate performance

Awards are based on performance and consider the specific operational and individual annual performance
targets, but are not formulaic

Long-Term Share Ownership Plans

(There is a detailed description of each of the plans
on pages 53 to 55 and 2024 awards are also outlined on page 59 of this Circular)

Align
the executives interests with those of BAMs shareholders

Foster a collaborative approach
to meeting long-term objectives

Enable
participants to create personal wealth through an increase in the value of BAMs shares

Motivate
executives to improve BAMs long-term financial success

Intended to be the most significant component of an executives compensation

BAM currently operates three Long-Term Share Ownership Plans and executives receive their long-term
incentive awards in one of the following Plans: 

1. Share Option Plans

Management Share Option Plan 

Non-qualified Management Share Option Plan 

2. Deferred Share
Unit Plan

3. Restricted Stock
Plans

Restricted Stock Plan 

Escrowed Stock Plan 

Annual participation in each plan is dependent on the business unit and the level of the executive

Named Executive Officers receive their long-term incentive award in the form of Escrowed Shares
under the Escrowed Stock Plan

Group Benefits 

Health Insurance Provide
health and dental benefits and life and disability insurance coverage All employees, including the Named Executive Officers, are eligible to participate in health, dental and insurance plans which vary by location

Retirement Savings Plan Provide
tax deferred retirement savings 

All employees, including the Named Executive Officers, are eligible to receive an annual contribution
to a registered retirement savings plan equivalent to a nominal percentage of Base Salary based on local market practice. The percentage
is the same for all executives

There are no defined benefit pension plans in place for the Named Executive Officers or any other
executives

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 52

Annual Management Incentive Plan (Bonus Plan)

BAM believes that, given its focus
on the long-term when making decisions, the impact of which is difficult to assess in the short-term, a heavy emphasis on annual incentives
and a formulaic calculation of awards based on the achievement of annual operational or individual performance targets may not appropriately
reflect decisions that are fully aligned with the long-term strategy of BAM. Accordingly, the awards made under the Bonus Plan typically
represents approximately 10% of an executive officers total compensation.

The GNCC believes that its ability
to exercise discretion and judgment is critical to ensuring that annual incentives reflect the assessment of risk in the decisions and
actions taken by management and consider unexpected circumstances or events that have occurred during the year. Accordingly, for the executive
officers, including the Named Executive Officers, the GNCC starts with a review of the management teams collective performance
in meeting the broader business plan objectives. These objectives include both short-term operational goals and objectives related to
the implementation of the long-term business strategy. Given the emphasis on long-term value creation, it is not unusual for some of the
objectives set at the beginning of the year to change during the year. Each year, the GNCC reviews:

the accomplishments
during the year;

why certain objectives
were not met or certain actions were not undertaken; and

additional initiatives
undertaken by management, which were not contemplated in the initial objectives.

Accordingly, annual incentive awards are determined
based on the GNCCs:

assessment of managements decisions and actions and
how those decisions and actions align with BAMs long-term strategy of value creation and how management considered the risks associated
with such decisions; and

determination of whether any objectives were not met because
management made decisions in the best long-term interests of BAM or due to factors outside of managements control.

The compensation
structure for Mr. Flatt includes a Base Salary and Long-Term Share Ownership award only, further reinforcing a focus on long-term decision-making.
In addition, given BAMs view that a collaborative approach is fundamental to meeting its long-term
objectives, the Bonus Plan awards for the Named Executive Officers tend to be similar in amount and typically do not fluctuate significantly
from year to year.

For other executives, the incentive
award is based more on the performance of the individual executive (as measured by the achievement of specific objectives) and less on
collective performance.

Long-Term Share Ownership Plans

BAMs Long-Term Share Ownership Plans are intended
to:

encourage share
ownership;

increase executives
interest in the success of BAM;

encourage executives
to remain with BAM as a result of the delayed vesting of awards; and

attract new
members of management by remaining competitive in terms of total compensation arrangements.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 53

BAM has three types of Long-Term Share Ownership Plans.
Awards are made under the following plans:

Award Key Terms Basis for Award

Option Plans 

Management Share Option Plan and Non-Qualified Management Share Option Plan (collectively, the Option Plans) 

Options to purchase
Class A Shares (options) which are settled in ClassA
Shares

The Option Plans are administered by
the Board and described in detail under Security-Based Compensation Arrangements on pages 65 to
66 of this Circular

10 year term

Each award vests 20% per year over five years in arrears

No entitlement to dividends

Exercise price based on the volume-weighted average price of a Class A Share for the five business
days preceding the grant date

Generally granted in the first quarter of each year

as part of the annual compensation
review:

Number of options is determined based on executives level of responsibility and performance

Consideration is given to the number and value of previous option awards

Also granted:

From time to time as additional discretionary awards to executives
who have demonstrated an ability to take on additional responsibility or who have consistently performed at a high level

In certain circumstances, to executives commencing employment with BAM

The CEO recommends all awards to the GNCC

The GNCC recommends the award for the CEO

The Board, at the recommendation of the GNCC, approves all awards

2024 Awards and Exercises

In 2024, we granted a total
of 6,125,975 options under the Option Plans, representing approximately 1.3% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares
as at December 31, 2024, and 0.4% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at March 7, 2025, reflecting the increase in
BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares after giving effect to the 2025 Arrangement, each on a fully diluted basis.

In total during 2024, 2.6 million options
with an aggregate in-the-money value of $61 million were disposed of or exercised. 

Deferred Share Unit Plans

Deferred Share Unit Plan 

Settled by a cash payment equal to the value of the ClassA Shares 

Vesting period over five years in arrears

DSUs awarded in lieu of an annual cash bonus vest immediately

Only redeemed for cash upon cessation of employment through retirement, resignation, termination
or death

Dividends are received in the form of additional DSUs

Annual cash bonus taken in the form of DSUs at the executives election

A mandatory deferral of a cash bonus in certain businesses

Additional discretionary awards may be granted to executives who have
demonstrated an ability to take on additional responsibility or who have consistently performed at a high level

2024 Awards

In 2024, we awarded 15,625 DSUs
in lieu of cash bonuses.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 54

Award Key Terms Basis for Award

Restricted Stock Plans 

Restricted Stock Plan 

Class A Shares purchased directly or indirectly on the open market subject to certain restrictions (Restricted Shares) 

Vesting period over five years

Restricted Shares awarded in lieu of an annual cash bonus vest immediately

Vested and unvested Restricted Shares must be held until the vesting date (or in certain jurisdictions,
until the fifth anniversary of the award date)

Dividends are received in the form of cash, unless otherwise elected

Annual cash bonus taken in the form of Restricted Shares at the executives election

A mandatory deferral of a cash bonus in certain businesses

Additional discretionary awards are also granted to executives who
have demonstrated an ability to take on additional responsibility or who have consistently performed at a high level

Occasionally awarded as long-term incentives

2024 Awards

In 2024, we granted a total of
1,858,261 Restricted Shares.

Escrowed Stock Plan 

Non-voting common shares (Escrowed Shares) of one or more private companies (each, an Escrowed Company). Each Escrowed Company is capitalized with common shares and preferred shares issued to BAM and BN for shares of Brookfield Asset Management ULC, Class A Shares or cash proceeds. Regular dividends paid to each Escrowed Company on the shares of Brookfield Asset Management ULC or the Class A Shares acquired by the Escrowed Company will be used to pay dividends on the preferred shares which are held by BAM and BN. 

Typically vest 20% each year commencing on the first anniversary of the date of the award

Right to exchange Escrowed Shares for Class A Shares issued from treasury no later than the 10th
anniversary of the award date

Any Class A Shares acquired by an Escrowed Company will not be voted

Any Class A Shares acquired by the Escrowed Companies are generally purchased in the open market,
thereby limiting dilution for shareholders

Generally awarded in the first quarter of each year as part of the annual compensation review and
only to the executive officers and certain senior management(a)

The CEO recommends all awards to the GNCC

The GNCC recommends the award for the CEO

The Board, at the recommendation of the GNCC, approves all awards

2024 Awards and Settlements

In 2024, we granted a total of
4,903,300 Escrowed Shares and 89,490 Class A Shares were issued under the Escrowed Stock Plan for settlement of existing awards.

(a)For corporate executives, the annual long-term incentive award is typically in the form of options, Escrowed Shares or occasionally Restricted Shares. The number of options, Escrowed Shares or Restricted Shares awarded is dependent on the executives annual target (the Target). The Target is a function of the executives role, level and contribution. Accordingly, an individuals Target typically increases over time. The number of options or Escrowed Shares awarded to an executive is calculated as (i) the Target divided by (ii) the price of the Class A Shares at the time the award is determined. In certain circumstances, awards in excess of the Target are granted to executives who have taken on additional responsibility, or who have consistently performed at a high level.

Key Policies and Practices
to Support Alignment

The GNCC maintains compensation
programs that incorporate leading compensation governance principles. Highlighted below are some of BAMs executive compensation
policies and practices that are designed to (i) encourage executives to consider the risks associated with their decisions, (ii) minimize
the risk that executives are rewarded in the short-term for actions which are detrimental in the long-term, and (iii) reinforce the alignment
of the interests of management with the long-term interests of shareholders.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 55

The following outlines BAMs
policies and practices which incorporate leading compensation governance principles:

Require
executive officers to own a significant interest in BAM

Require
executive officers to hold for at least one year, an interest in Class A Shares equal to the net

proceeds realized on exercise
of options or exchange of Escrowed Shares

Provide for clawback of incentive and equity-based compensation in the event of accounting restatements or detrimental conduct

Require
long-term incentives to vest over five years

Termination
provisions generally require departing executives to forfeit unvested awards

Do
not provide defined benefit pension plans for any executives

Restrict
hedging of shares or share-based incentives

Share Ownership Guidelines

The executive officers
are required to hold Class A Shares, DSUs, Restricted Shares or other equity securities that own underlying Class A Shares with
a value equal to five times Base Salary, based on the market value of the securities held, and which must
be attained within five years of being designated as executive officers. As at March 7, 2025, all
of the Executive Officers and Named Executive Officers who are required to have met the share ownership requirement have done so. Any
Executive Officer who has not yet met the ownership requirement remains on track to fulfill the ownership requirement within the applicable
timeframe.

Reimbursement of Incentive
and Equity-Based Compensation (Clawback) 

Pursuant
to BAMs Clawback Policy (the Clawback Policy), executive officers may be required to pay to BAM an amount equal to
some or all of any cash payments or equity awards granted or paid to, or earned by, such executive
officer under the terms of any of BAMs incentive compensation or long-term incentives plans (collectively, Awards).
This payment may be required in the event that (i) BAM is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to BAMs material noncompliance
with any financial reporting requirement under United States federal securities laws or to avoid a material accounting misstatement or
(ii) an executive officer is determined to have engaged in conduct which the GNCC determines is detrimental to BAM. 

The GNCC has full and final authority
to make all determinations under the Clawback Policy including, without limitation, whether the Clawback Policy applies and if so, the
amount of compensation to be repaid or forfeited by the executive officer. In the event that BAM is required to prepare an accounting
restatement, the GNCC will review all incentive-based compensation earned by its executive officers (i) after beginning service as an
executive officer, (ii) during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which BAM is required to prepare the
accounting restatement (as well as during any transition period specified in the U.S. Clawback Rules), (iii) while BAM has a class of
securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange, and (iv) after the U.S. Clawback Rules became effective. If the GNCC determines that one or
more executive officers received any erroneously awarded compensation in connection with an accounting restatement, the GNCC will seek
recoupment from such executive officers of all such erroneously awarded compensation, unless it determines that one of the impracticality
exceptions set forth in the U.S. Clawback Rules is available.

In order to protect BAMs
reputation and competitive ability, the Clawback Policy may also apply to executive officers that engage in conduct that is detrimental
to BAM during or after the cessation of such executive officers employment with BAM. Detrimental conduct includes any conduct or
activity, whether or not related to the business of BAM, that is determined in individual cases by the GNCC, to constitute: (i) fraud,
theft-in-office, embezzlement or other illegal activity; (ii) failure to abide by applicable financial reporting, disclosure and/or accounting
guidelines; (iii) material violations of BAMs Code of Conduct; or (iv) material violations of BAMs Positive Work Environment
Policy (including the sexual harassment related provisions thereof). In the event that it is determined that detrimental conduct has occurred,
the Clawback Policy relates to any Awards received: (i) on or after the date the executive officer is determined to have engaged in detrimental
conduct; and/or (ii) the two year period prior to the date the executive officer is determined to have engaged in detrimental conduct.

Where it is determined (i) through
an accounting restatement that incentive-based compensation was erroneously awarded to an executive officer or (ii) that the executive
officer engaged in detrimental conduct, the GNCC will have the ability to: (x) require the executive officer to re-pay any Award paid
to the executive officer; (y) cancel/revoke any prior Award that has

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 56

not yet vested, and any Award that has vested but has not yet been
exercised, to the executive officer; and/or (z) require the executive officer to re-pay the cash value realized by the executive officer
on any Award that has already vested to the executive officer. Awards include all plans under which cash payments or equity awards granted
or paid are currently being made (DSUs, Escrowed Shares and Restricted Shares) or any plans which are no longer operating but still have
outstanding awards.

Hedging of Economic Risks for
Personal Equity Ownership

All executives are prohibited
from entering into transactions that have the effect of hedging the economic value of any direct or indirect interests by the executive
in Class A Shares, including their participation in Long-Term Share Ownership Plans. Under limited circumstances, an executive may be
permitted to enter into a transaction that has the effect of hedging the economic value of any direct or indirect interests held by such
executive, but only to the extent that the transaction (i) is executed and disclosed in full compliance with all applicable rules and
regulations; (ii) has been approved by the CEO, President and CFO and, if appropriate, the GNCC; and (iii) is in respect of interests
directly or indirectly held by such individual in excess of the interests that such individual is required to hold under the Share Ownership
Guidelines. To date, no executive has hedged the economic value of their direct or indirect interests in BAM.

Option Exercise Hold Periods During and Post-Employment

In order to minimize any possibility
of executives opportunistically exercising options and selling the securities received at an inappropriate time, and to require share
ownership post-employment, executive officers are required to continue to hold, for at least one year, an interest in Class A Shares equal
to any net after-tax cash proceeds realized from the exercise of options or exchange of Escrowed Shares. This requirement is distinct
and in addition to any share ownership guidelines.

Termination and Change of Control
Provisions

As a general practice, BAM does
not provide contractual termination or post-termination payments or change of control arrangements to employees. Specifically, BAM has
not entered into contractual termination, post-termination or change of control arrangements, employment contracts or golden parachutes
with any of its Named Executive Officers.

The following table provides a
summary of the termination provisions in BAMs Long-Term Share Ownership Plan. No incremental entitlements are triggered by termination,
resignation, retirement or a change in control. Any exceptions to these provisions are approved on an individual basis at the time of
cessation of employment. Exceptions are approved by the Chair of the GNCC or the Board, depending on the circumstances.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 57

Long-Term Share Ownership
Plan Termination Provisions(a)

Termination Event 

DSUs 

Options 

Restricted Shares /

Escrowed Shares

Retirement

(as determined at the discretion of the Board)

Vested units are redeemable on the day employment terminates. Unvested units are forfeited. Vesting ceases on retirement. Vested options are exercisable until their expiration date. Unvested options are cancelled. Vested shares are redeemable on the day employment terminates, subject to the hold period. Unvested shares are forfeited.

Termination Without Cause Vested units are redeemable on the day employment terminates. Unvested units are forfeited. Upon the date of termination, unvested options are cancelled and vested options continue to be exercisable for 60 days(b) from the termination date, after which unexercised options are cancelled immediately. Vested shares are redeemable on the day employment terminates, subject to the hold period. Unvested shares are forfeited.

Termination With Cause Upon date of termination, all unvested and vested units are forfeited, with the exception of DSUs awarded as a result of a participants election to take their annual bonus in the form of DSUs. All vested and unvested options are cancelled upon the close of business on the termination date. Upon date of termination, all vested and unvested shares are forfeited.

Resignation Vested units are redeemable on the day employment terminates. Unvested units are forfeited. Upon the date of termination, all vested and unvested options are cancelled. Vested shares are redeemable on the day employment terminates, and remain subject to the hold period. Unvested shares are forfeited.

Death Vested units are redeemable on the date of death. Unvested units are forfeited. Options continue to vest and are exercisable for six months following date of death(b) after which all unexercised options are cancelled immediately. Vested shares are redeemable on the date of death, and remain subject to the hold period. Unvested shares are forfeited.

(a) This table represents a summary of the termination provisions in the Long-Term
Share Ownership Plans provided by BAM and should not be construed as the complete terms.

(b) Up to, but not beyond, the expiry date of options.

2024 Compensation Decisions

The Board has charged Mr. Flatt
and his management team with expanding the asset management business globally in a manner consistent with the creation of shareholder
value over the long term. Mr. Flatts personal performance, as well as the performance of the executive officers, is reviewed each
year by the Board and the GNCC in relation to operational results, the achievement of other objectives set out at the beginning of the
year related to the implementation of the long-term business strategy and other accomplishments.

Each year, the CEO presents an
annual business plan to the Board. The plan incorporates both short-term and long-term growth objectives. This annual business plan sets
out the strategic direction of BAM, together with specific operational targets and objectives related to the implementation of BAMs
long-term business strategy. The targets and objectives are aggressive and, given the opportunistic and entrepreneurial nature of the
organization, provide the Board with examples of various transactions and initiatives that management believes will create shareholder
value over the long-term.

The determination of annual incentive
awards and long-term ownership awards is not formulaic but instead is entirely based on the Boards assessment of the specific actions
taken during the year by the team to implement BAMs strategic plans and any amendments to the plans, all in the context of long-term
value creation, and other actions taken in response to unforeseen developments during the year.

Information Reviewed by the Governance, Nominating
and Compensation Committee

In February 2025, the GNCC received
a report detailing the compensation arrangements for the executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers. The report summarized
the total 2024 compensation, including proposed annual incentive awards and Long-Term Share Ownership Plan awards as well as the proposed
2025 Base Salaries. The report also presented a

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 58

wealth accumulation analysis, including the in-the-money value of vested
and unvested Long-Term Share Ownership Plan awards previously granted and the options exercised during the year for each executive officer.

The report included an analysis
of the expected value of 2024 compensation awards to the Named Executive Officers that would be paid under various performance results.
The GNCC determined that the resulting compensation was reasonable and appropriate based on the projected performance of the Class A Shares
over a 10-year period.

The extent of equity ownership
by all executives is an important consideration for the GNCC. It demonstrates the extent to which executives will benefit from, and will
be motivated to achieve, the long-term enhancement of shareholder value. Accordingly, the report also contained an analysis of equity
ownership by all executives. It also summarized the equity ownership by the most senior executives including Class A Shares held directly
and indirectly as well as through Long-Term Share Ownership Plans, along with a summary of the tenure with the organization of each executive
officer. The GNCC determined that the significant level of equity ownership of the executive officers creates an alignment of interests
to enhance shareholder value over the longer term.

In addition, the
report contained a summary of regular and additional discretionary option awards to all executives
as recommended by the executive officers. The GNCC has determined that these arrangements are reasonable and appropriate.

2024 Incentive Awards

The GNCC considered the significant
achievements by BAM in 2024 as outlined on page 48 of this Circular. After considering these achievements, the GNCC determined that management
had advanced the long-term business strategy in a manner consistent with the creation of shareholder value over the longer term. Accordingly,
the annual and long-term incentive awards for 2024 were as follows:

Named Executive Officer 

Annual Incentive

($)

Long-Term
Incentive Value

($)

Bruce Flatt(a) 4,470,600 

Hadley Peer Marshall 690,000 2,889,125 

Connor Teskey 1,000,000 5,588,250 

Brian W. Kingston 750,000 5,588,250 

Anuj Ranjan 1,000,000 5,588,250 

(a)Mr. Flatt is not eligible for an annual incentive. His compensation consists of a Base Salary and an award under one of BAMs Long-Term Share Ownership Plans. In addition, Mr. Flatt, who remains CEO of BN, will also be eligible for BN compensation, including Long-Term Share Ownership Plans. In 2024, Mr. Flatt also received $7,135,240 in Long-Term Incentive Value as BN compensation in his capacity as CEO of BN.

The GNCC considered these awards
to be aligned with the compensation approach of rewarding long-term value creation and consistent with BAMs compensation philosophy
of providing a significant portion of executive compensation in the form of long-term equity-based awards.

The Named Executive Officers also
received an annual contribution to a retirement savings plan. Their participation in these retirement savings plans is on the same basis
as all other employees of BAM subject to geographic and market differentials, and they do not have any entitlement to future pension benefits
or other post-employment benefits from BAM. As a result, BAM has no post-employment obligation to provide pension, medical or other employee
benefits to the Named Executive Officers.

Named Executive Officer Compensation Mix

On
average, approximately 74% of the value of compensation awarded to our Named Executive Officers for 2024, excluding Mr. Flatt, is in the
form of long-term incentive awards. Approximately 92% of the value of compensation awarded to Mr.Flatt
for 2024 is in the form of long-term share ownership awards. The actual value of this compensation, which is earned over time, depends
upon the performance of the Class A Shares. The compensation mix for the Named Executive Officers, in 2024, is set out in the table below.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 59

Annual
Management Incentive

Base
Salary Cash
Bonus DSUs
/ Restricted

Shares Long-Term
Share

Ownership Percentage
of 

Compensation at Risk

One Year (2024) 

Chief Executive Officer 8% 92% 92%

Other
Named Executive Officers 13% 13% 74% 74%

Three Years (2022 - 2024) 

Chief Executive Officer 9% 91% 91%

Other
Named Executive Officers 13% 13% 5% 69% 74%

Details of the components of the
compensation paid to Mr. Flatt and the other Named Executive Officers for 2024 is set out in the Summary Compensation Table on page 62
of this Circular.

Chief
Executive Officer Ownership Interests in BAM

Consistent with BAMs philosophy
of aligning the interests of management and shareholders and fostering an entrepreneurial environment that encourages a focus on long-term
value creation, Mr. Flatt has, over his 35 years with Brookfield, and as a result of the treatment of outstanding long-term incentive
awards in the Arrangement, accumulated a number of ownership interests in BAM in the form of DSUs and Escrowed Shares. In addition, and
separate from any compensation arrangements, but relevant to the extent it aligns Mr. Flatts interests with shareholders, Mr. Flatt
owns a significant number of Class A Shares. These ownership interests are held both directly and through ownership in PVI (see Principal
Holders of Voting Shares on page 8 of this Circular).

Class
A Share Performance Graphs

The
following graphs detail the share performance of BAMs Class A Shares on the NYSE and TSX.

The total return on the NYSE for
the period from December 9, 2022 (the date of BAMs public listing) to December 31, 2024 has been 82.1%. Total average compensation
for the Named Executive Officers has increased by approximately 21.2% over the same period.

NYSE
(Symbol: BAM)

The following shows the cumulative
total shareholder return for BAMs Class A Shares (assuming reinvestment of dividends) since December 9, 2022, in comparison with
the cumulative total return of the NYSE Composite Total Return Index.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 60

TSX
(Symbol: BAM)

The following shows the cumulative
total shareholder return for BAMs Class A Shares (assuming reinvestment of dividends) since December 9, 2022, in comparison with
the cumulative total return of the S&P/TSX Composite Total Return Index.

December 9, 2022 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2024

Class A Shares (BAM) 100 85.8 122.4 185.6

S&P/TSX Composite Total Return Index 100 97.4 109.0 132.6

Ratio of Named Executive Officer Compensation
to Fee-Related Earnings

The following table illustrates the total compensation
awarded to the Named Executive Officers for 2022, 2023 and 2024 as a percentage of FRE:

2024 2023 2022

Aggregate Named Executive Officer Compensation(a) $32,419,360 $27,951,689 $26,745,890

As a Percentage of FRE(b)(c) 1.32 % 1.25 % 1.27 %

(a) Aggregate Named Executive Officer Compensation is defined as the Total
Compensation as it appears in the Summary Compensation Table on page 62 of this Circular. 

(b) FRE totaled $2.456 billion, $2.241 billion and $2.108 billion in 2024,
2023, and 2022, respectively. 

(c) FRE is a non-GAAP measure. See the Cautionary Statement Regarding
the Use of Non-GAAP Measures on page 70 of this Circular.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 61

Compensation of Named Executive
Officers

The compensation paid and disclosed
in the table below represents aggregate amounts earned by the Named Executive Officers for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and
2022. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the compensation paid and disclosed reflects the amounts solely borne
by BAM for services provided. For the year ended December 31, 2022, each of BN and BAM paid their prorated portion of such compensation
for the year, which in the case of BAM represents the period from December 9 to December 31, 2022. Prior to the period, Mr. Flatts
full compensation was paid by BN. Mr. Flatt, who served as CEO of both BAM and BN, also received, compensation paid and disclosed by BN
in the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

Summary
Compensation Table(a) 

Name and Principal

Position

Year

Annual Base

Salary

($)

Annual Incentive

Cash

($)

Restricted

Shares/DSUs

($) 

Escrowed

Shares /

Options(e)(f)

($)

All Other

Compensation(g)

($)

Total 

Compensation

($)

Bruce Flatt(b)

CEO

2024 375,000 4,470,600 4,845,600 

2023 375,000 2,755,485 3,130,485 

2022 742,643 7,046,055 7,788,698 

Hadley Peer Marshall(c)

CFO

2024 690,000 690,000 2,889,125 4,269,125 

2023 675,000 675,000 1,136,484 2,486,484 

2022 625,000 625,000 478,983 1,728,983 

Connor Teskey(d) President; CEO, Renewable Power and Transition 2024 1,000,000 1,000,000 5,588,250 232,289 7,820,539 

2023 894,740 894,740 2,835,040 4,362,851 89,042 9,076,413 

2022 766,920 766,920 3,922,875 178,819 5,635,534 

Brian W. Kingston CEO, Real Estate 2024 750,000 750,000 5,588,250 7,088,250 

2023 750,000 750,000 4,592,475 6,092,475 

2022 750,000 750,000 3,138,300 4,638,300 

Anuj Ranjan

CEO, Private Equity

2024 1,000,000 1,000,000 5,588,250 183,249 7,771,499 

2023 775,117 775,117 4,592,475 347,719 6,490,428 

2022 775,117 775,117 3,922,875 117,076 5,590,185 

(a) Mr. Flatts compensation consists of an annual Base
Salary and Escrowed Shares. Each other Named Executive Officer is awarded an annual incentive which they can elect to receive in cash,
DSUs or Restricted Shares. 

(b) Mr. Flatt also received compensation paid by BN in recognition of his
role as CEO of BN for the year ended December 31, 2024. Such compensation consisted of a salary of $375,000 and an Escrowed Share award
with a grant date fair value of $7,135,240 based on the grant date price of a BN Class A Share on the NYSE on February 24, 2025 of $60.28.
This value awarded is determined by the BN Board and considers the stock market price of the BN Class A Shares at the time of the award
and the potential increase in value based on a hold period of 7.5 years, a volatility of 31.32%, a risk free rate of 4.36% and a dividend
yield of 0.8%. These values have been discounted by 25% to reflect the five-year vesting.

(c) Ms. Peer Marshall was appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective May
31, 2024. Prior to May 31, 2024, the CFO role was filled by Mr. Bahir Manios who was appointed as Senior Advisor effective May 31, 2024.
Mr. Manioss compensation is as follows:

Year Annual Base

Salary ($) Annual Incentive

Cash ($) Restricted Shares/

DSUs ($) Escrowed Shares

/ Options ($) All Other

Compensation ($) Total Compensation 

($)

2024 474,500 149,847 624,347 

2023 474,500 474,500 495,528 29,363 1,473,891 

2022 456,250 456,250 593,008 29,751 1,535,259 

(d) To provide for alignment with BN (as majority shareholder of BAM) consistent
with that of other BAM Named Executive Officers, Mr. Teskey also received an award of BN Escrowed Shares granted by BN on February 24,
2025. The BN Escrowed Shares have a grant date fair value of $8,919,050 based on the grant date price of a BN Class A Share on the NYSE
on February 24, 2025 of $60.28. The value of the Escrowed Shares is determined by the BN Board and considers the stock market price of
the BN Class A Shares at the time of the award and the potential increase in value based on a hold period of 7.5 years, a volatility of
31.32%, a risk free rate of 4.36% and a dividend yield of 0.8%. These values, for the annual grants, have been discounted by 25% to reflect
the five-year vesting.

(e) The amounts for 2024 reflect grants of Escrowed Shares
for all Named Executive Officers. The value awarded under the Escrowed Stock Plan for annual grants is determined by the Board and considers
the stock market price of the Class A Shares at the time of the award and the potential increase in value based on a hold period of 7.5
years, a volatility of 29.91%, a risk free rate of 4.36% and a dividend yield of 3.71%. These values, for the annual grants, have been
discounted by 25% to reflect the five-year vesting.

(f) For additional disclosure, the following table shows the number of Escrowed
Shares granted during the fiscal year 2022 pursuant to adjustments made to outstanding equity-based awards of BN (the Arrangement
Adjustments) in connection with the 2022 Arrangement, in their capacity as employees of BN.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 62

Name Escrowed Shares (#) Grant Date Fair Value ($)

Bruce Flatt 2,140,892 8,199,616

Connor Teskey 420,107 1,609,010

Brian W. Kingston 755,864 2,894,959

Anuj Ranjan 631,090 2,417,075

Bahir Manios 30,538 116,961

(g) These amounts include annual retirement savings contributions and participation
in the executive medical program. These amounts also include advance payments in 2022, 2023 and 2024 made to Mr. Teskey under the carried
interest plans for Brookfield Capital Partners IV, and to Mr. Ranjan under the carried interest plans for Brookfield Strategic Real Estate
Partners.

Incentive Plan Awards

Mr. Flatt is not eligible for
an annual cash incentive award; he receives an annual Base Salary and Escrowed Shares. BAM has no long-term non-equity incentive plan
programs. The following four tables show, for each Named Executive Officer (i) outstanding vested and unvested options at December 31,
2024, (ii) unvested Escrowed Shares, Restricted Shares and DSUs and the market value of vested and unvested Escrowed Shares, Restricted
Shares and DSUs at December 31, 2024, and (iii) the value of all option and share-based awards which vested during 2024.

Outstanding Option and Share-Based
Awards at December 31, 2024

Options

Name and Principal

Position

Number
of Securities

Underlying Unexercised

Option

(#)

Option
Exercise Price

($)

Option
Expiration Date

Market
Value of 

Unexercised Options

at
December 31, 2024(a)

($)

Hadley Peer Marshall

CFO

2,118 32.75 February
24, 2030 45,407

3,031 31.46 February
21, 2031 68,903

10,825 41.24 February
17, 2032 140,177

91,575 35.13 February
15, 2033 1,745,557

185,600 40.07 February
15, 2034 2,620,969

Total 293,149 4,621,013

Connor Teskey

President; CEO, Renewable 

Power
and Transition

76,715 21.36 February
25, 2029 2,518,768

151,368 32.75 February 24, 2030 3,245,103

25,000 31.46 February
21, 2031 568,315

Total 253,083 6,332,186

Brian
W. Kingston

CEO,
Real Estate

262,500 14.77 February
22, 2026 10,347,593

225,000 17.81 February
16, 2027 8,185,230

Total 487,500 18,532,823

Anuj Ranjan

CEO, Private Equity

34,125 17.81 February
16, 2027 1,241,427

56,250 17.81 February
16, 2027 2,046,308

112,500 19.50 February
25, 2028 3,902,074

93,750 21.36 February
25, 2029 3,078,075

Total 296,625 10,267,884

Grand
Total 1,330,357 39,753,906

(a) The market value of the options is the amount by which the
closing price of the Class A Shares on December 31, 2024 exceeded the exercise price of the options. All values are calculated using
the closing price of a Class A Share on December 31, 2024 on the NYSE of $54.19.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 63

Escrowed
Shares, Restricted Shares and DSUs(a)

Escrowed Shares 

Share-Based Awards

Restricted Shares (RSs)

Deferred Share Units (DSUs)

Number of

Unvested 

Escrowed

Shares

Market Value 

of Unvested

Escrowed 

Shares(b) Market

Value of 

Vested 

Escrowed

Shares(b) 

Number

of 

Unvested

RSs

Market

Value of

Unvested

RSs

Market

Value of 

Vested

RSs

Number

of

Unvested

DSUs 

Market

Value

of 

Unvested

DSUs(c) 

Market

Value of

Vested 

DSUs(c)

Name (#) ($) ($) (#) ($) ($) (#) ($) ($)

Bruce Flatt 2,114,535 45,129,704 22,831,919 22,735,101

Hadley Peer Marshall(d) 576 31,196 

Connor Teskey 1,625,641 29,185,234 5,484,940 122,231

Brian W. Kingston 1,683,518 30,873,282 9,709,088 10,356,925

Anuj Ranjan 40,378,754 18,361

(a) The values do not include the most recent Escrowed Share, Restricted Share
and DSU awards made to the Named Executive Officers on February 24, 2025.

(b) The value of the Escrowed Shares is equal to the value of the Class A
Shares held by the Escrowed Company less the net liabilities and preferred share obligations of the Escrowed Company. Includes Escrowed
Shares issued in connection with the Arrangement Adjustments.

(c) Includes DSUs issued by BN, which track the value of a Class A Share,
issued in connection with the Arrangement Adjustments. Values are calculated using the closing price of the Class A Shares on the TSX
on December 31, 2024 of $54.21 (C$77.96, converted into U.S. dollars at the Bloomberg mid-market exchange rate on that date of C$1.00
= US$0.6953) and $54.19 on the NYSE, as applicable.

(d) Ms. Peer Marshall was appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective May
31, 2024. Prior to May 31, 2024, the CFO role was filled by Mr. Bahir Manios who was appointed as Senior Advisor effective May 31, 2024.
Information on Mr. Bahirs Escrowed Shares, Restricted Shares and Deferred Share Units held as at December 31, 2024 are as follows:

Escrowed Shares 

Share-Based Awards

Restricted Shares (RSs)

Deferred Share Units (DSUs)

Number of

Unvested

Escrowed

Shares

Market Value

of Unvested 

Escrowed 

Shares Market 

Value of

Vested 

Escrowed 

Shares 

Number

of

Unvested

RSs

Market

Value of

Unvested

RSs 

Market

Value of 

Vested

RSs 

Number

of

Unvested

DSUs

Market

Value

of 

Unvested

DSUs

Market

Value of

Vested 

DSUs

(#) ($) ($) (#) ($) ($) (#) ($) ($)

Bahir Manios 749,619 460,616

Option
and Share-Based Awards Vested During 2024

Value Vested During 2024(a) 

Named
Executive Officer

Options(b)

($)

DSUs(c)

($)

Restricted
Shares

($)

Escrowed
Shares(d) 

($)

Bruce Flatt 11,065,026

Hadley Peer Marshall(e) 122,884 11,992 

Connor Teskey 609,854 1,531,125 2,169,687

Brian W. Kingston 4,399,569

Anuj
Ranjan 371,490

10,837,012

(a) All values are calculated using the closing price of a Class A Share on
the vesting date on the TSX and NYSE, as applicable, and converted into U.S. dollars using the average Bloomberg mid-market exchange rate
for 2024 of C$1.00 = US$0.6953.

(b) The value represents the amount by which the value of the Class A Shares
exceeded the exercise price on the day the options vested.

(c) Values in this column represent the value of DSUs vested in 2024.

(d) The value of
the Escrowed Shares is equal to the Class A Shares held by the Escrowed Company less the net liabilities and preferred share obligations
of the Escrowed Company.

(e) Ms. Peer Marshall was appointed to Chief Financial Officer effective May
31, 2024. Prior to May 31, 2024, the CFO role was filled by Mr. Bahir Manios who was appointed to Senior Advisor effective May 31, 2024.
Mr. Bahirs Options and Share-Based awards that vested during 2024 are described below:

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 64

Value Vested During 2024(a) 

Options(b)

($) 

DSUs

($) 

Restricted
Shares

($) 

Escrowed
Shares

($)

Bahir Manios 449,838 

Security-Based Compensation Arrangements

BAMs only security-based compensation arrangements
are its Option Plans and its Escrowed Stock Plan.

2022 Management Share Option Plan

The 2022 Management Share Option
Plan (the 2022 Plan) was approved by the BN Board on September 23, 2022 and by the holders of Class A Shares of BN at the
Special Meeting of Shareholders held on November 9, 2022. The 2022 Plan provides for the issuance of 17,500,000 Class A Shares (representing
approximately 3.95% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024, and 1.07% as at March 7, 2025, reflecting
the increase in BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares after giving effect to the 2025 Arrangement). Options to acquire 8,887,513
Class A Shares have been granted but not exercised, representing approximately 2.01% and 0.54%, respectively, of BAMs issued and
outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024 and March 7, 2025. 4,481,396 Class A Shares are available for future option grants,
representing approximately 1.01% and 0.27%, respectively, of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024
and March 7, 2025.

2022 Non-Qualified Management
Share Option Plan

The 2022 Non-Qualified Management
Share Option Plan (the 2022 Non-Qualified Plan) was approved by the BN Board on September 23, 2022 and by the holders of
Class A Shares of BN at the Special Meeting of Shareholder held on November 9, 2022. The 2022 Non-Qualified Plan provides for the issuance
of 12,500,000 Class A Shares (representing approximately 2.82% and 0.76% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December
31, 2024 and March 7, 2025, respectively. As at December 31, 2024, 3,444,066 Class A Shares were issuable pursuant to options granted
under the 2022 Non-Qualified Plan, representing approximately 0.78% and 0.21% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as
at December 31, 2024 and March 7, 2025, respectively. As at December 31, 2024, 9,038,169 Class A Shares remained available for future
option grants, representing 2.04% and 0.55% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024 and March 7,
2025, respectively.

General Terms of Option Plans

The Board establishes the exercise
price of each option at the time it is granted, which may not be less than the volume-weighted average price of a Class A Share on the
NYSE for the five trading days preceding the effective grant date. If options are approved during a restricted trading period, the effective
grant date may not be less than six business days after the restricted trading period ends.

The following is a summary of
the other key provisions of the 2022 Management Share Option Plan and 2022 Non-Qualified Management Share Option Plan (collectively, the
Option Plans). Employees, officers and consultants of BAM and its affiliates and others designated by the Board are eligible
to participate in the Option Plans. Non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in the Option Plans. The number of Class A
Shares issuable to insiders at any time, or issued in any one year to insiders, under any of BAMs security-based compensation arrangements
cannot exceed in either case 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of this class; and no more than 5% of the issued and outstanding
shares may be issued under these arrangements to any one person. The Board determines the vesting period for each option grant, which
is normally 20% per year over five years commencing the first year after the grant. The Board also sets the expiry period for each option
grant, which may not exceed 10 years, except where the expiry date falls during or shortly after a restricted trading period, in which
case the expiry date is 10 days after the restricted trading period ends.

The Option Plans set out provisions
regarding the exercise and cancellation of options following a change in the employment status of a plan participant. In general, all
vested options must be exercised by, and all unvested options are cancelled on, a participants termination date, except as follows:
in the event of termination by BAM for reasons other than cause or due to a continuous leave of absence as a result of a disability, vested
options must be exercised within 60 days following the termination date; in the event of retirement, vested options continue to be exercisable
until the applicable expiry date; and in

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 65

the event of death, all granted options continue to vest and be exercisable for six months following
death. No incremental entitlements are triggered by a change in control of BAM under the Option Plans.

The Option Plans permit participants
to exercise vested options in exchange for a number of Class A Shares equivalent in value to (i) the aggregate fair market value of the
Class A Shares underlying the options on the exercise date over the aggregate exercise price of the options, less (ii) applicable withholding
taxes (only to the extent such taxes have not otherwise been satisfied by the participant). This provides for a reduction in shareholder
dilution upon the exercise of options using this feature.

The Option Plans also provide
that each person that is an officer, employee or consultant of BN or any of its affiliates shall, for so long as such person remains an
officer, employee or consultant of BN or any of its affiliates, be permitted to hold and exercise his or her options in accordance with
their terms as though such person was an officer, employee or consultant, as applicable, of BAM or any of its affiliates. The 2022 Plan
also permits participants to pay the applicable exercise price and acquire the full number of Class A Shares underlying the options.

Procedure for Amending Option
Plans

The Option Plans contain an amending
provision setting out the types of amendments which can be approved by the Board without shareholder approval and those which require
shareholder approval. Shareholder approval is required for any amendment that increases the number of shares issuable under the Option
Plans, that lengthens the period of time after a restricted trading period during which options may be exercised, results in the exercise
price being lower than fair market value of a Class A Share at the date of grant, reduces the exercise price or any cancellation and reissuance
of an option which would be considered a repricing under TSX rules, expands insider participation, extends the term of an option beyond
its expiry date, adds a provision which results in participants receiving shares for no consideration or other amendments required by
law to be approved by shareholders. The Option Plans also require shareholder approval for any amendment which would permit options to
be transferable or assignable other than for normal estate planning purposes, any amendment to the amendment provisions, any amendment
expanding the categories of eligible participants which may permit the introduction or reintroduction of non-employee directors on a discretionary
basis and any amendment to remove or exceed the insider participation limit. Shareholder approval is not required for any amendment to
the Option Plans or any option that is of a housekeeping or administrative nature, that is necessary to comply with applicable laws or
to qualify for favorable tax treatment, that is to the vesting, termination or early termination provisions (provided that the amendment
does not entail an extension beyond the expiry period of the options), that adds or modifies a cashless exercise feature that provides
for a full deduction of the number of Class A Shares from the Option Plan reserve, and to suspend or terminate an Option Plan. No amendments
to the Option Plans were made in 2024.

Other Features of the Option
Plans

BAM does not provide any financial
assistance to plan participants to facilitate the purchase of Class A Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of options under the Option
Plans. Options granted under the Option Plans may be assigned by the plan participant to (i) his or her spouse, descendants or any other
immediate family member; or (ii) a trust, the beneficiaries of which are one or more of the plan participant and the participants
spouse, descendants or immediate family members; or (iii) a corporation or limited liability company controlled by the plan participant
or by one or more of the participant and the participants spouse, and/or the immediate family members, the shares or interests
of which are held directly or indirectly by the plan participant, participants spouse and/or immediate family members; or (iv)
such other transferees for estate planning purposes as may be permitted by the Board in its discretion.

The Board, on the recommendation
of the GNCC, approves all option awards. The GNCC recommends the long-term incentive award for the CEO. All other option awards are recommended
by the CEO to the GNCC.

BAM has established a number of
policies related to its long-term share ownership plans, including option exercise hold periods, to reinforce the importance of equity
ownership by its senior executives over the longer term. See also Key Policies and Practices to Support Alignment on pages
55 to 58 of this Circular.

The Escrowed Stock Plan

The Escrowed Stock Plan was approved
by the BN Board on September 23, 2022 and by holders of Class A Shares of BN at the Special Meeting of Shareholders held on November 9,
2022. The Escrowed Stock Plan governs the award of Escrowed

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 66

Shares of one or more Escrowed Company to executives or other individuals
designated by the Board. Each Escrowed Company is capitalized with common shares and preferred shares issued to BAM and BN in exchange
for shares of Brookfield Asset Management ULC, Class A Shares or cash proceeds. Each Escrowed Company may use its cash resources to directly
or indirectly purchase Class A Shares in the open market or, subject to obtaining exemptive relief (if applicable), in private purchases.
For example, pursuant to a decision document dated February 24, 2025 issued by the applicable securities regulators grating exemptive
relief from the requirements applicable to issuer bids in Part 2 of National Instrument 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids,
the Escrowed Companies acquired 2,000,000 Class A Shares from BN on February 24, 2025 for an average price of $57.23 per Class A Share
for the purpose of administering the Escrowed Stock Plan. Participants are either awarded Escrowed Shares or provided an election to contribute
Class A Shares or previously awarded Escrowed Shares as consideration for the Escrowed Shares. Dividends paid to each Escrowed Company
on the shares of Brookfield Asset Management ULC or the Class A Shares acquired by the Escrowed Company will be used to pay dividends
on the preferred shares which are held by BAM and BN. If a participant elects to contribute Class A Shares as consideration, dividends
paid to the Escrowed Company on the contributed Class A Shares will be paid on the common shares held by the participants.

Except as otherwise determined
by the Board, 20% of Escrowed Shares will vest on the first anniversary of the granting of such shares, with an additional 20% vesting
on each subsequent anniversary, up to and including the fifth anniversary of the grant of the Escrowed Shares.

On date(s) determined
by the holders of the Escrowed Shares no later than 10 years after the initial grant, the vested Escrowed Shares will be acquired by BAM
in exchange for the issuance of Class A Shares from treasury, where the value of the Class A Shares being issued is equal to the value
of the Escrowed Shares being acquired. The value of the Escrowed Shares will be equal to the increase in value of the ClassA
Shares and shares of Brookfield Asset Management ULC held by the Escrowed Company since the grant date of the Escrowed Shares, as applicable,
based on the volume-weighted average price of a Class A Share on the NYSE on the date of the exchange. Participants are not permitted
to exchange Escrowed Shares during a restricted trading period, except with the consent of the Board. Once all participants of an Escrowed
Company have elected to exchange their Escrowed Shares, the Escrowed Company will be wound up or merged and BAM will (i) cancel at least
that number of Class A Shares that is equivalent to the number of Class A Shares that have been issued to holders of the Escrowed Shares
of the Escrowed Company on exchanges and/or (ii) increase its interest in BAM ULC by a proportionate amount, such that the economic dilutive
effect of the issuance of Class A Shares is wholly offset.

A maximum of 11,000,000 Class
A Shares may be issued under the Escrowed Stock Plan, representing 2.48% and 0.67% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares
as at December 31, 2024 and March 7, 2025, respectively, reflecting the increase in BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares
after giving effect to the 2025 Arrangement. When Class A Shares are issued in exchange for Escrowed Shares, the number of Class A Shares
remaining for future issuance under the Escrowed Stock Plan will be reduced. On the wind-up or merger of an Escrowed Company, the number
of Class A Shares held by one or more Escrowed Companies are cancelled in respect of Class A Shares issued by BAM in exchange for Escrowed
Shares and are added back to the number of Class A Shares available for future issuance. The combined effect on wind-up or merger of an
Escrowed Company is that the economic effect of the Class A Share issuance is wholly offset. 112,228 Class A Shares have been issued (representing
0.03% and 0.01% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024 and March 7, 2025, respectively) and 22,738
Class A Shares have been cancelled under the Escrowed Stock Plan. As at December 31, 2024, 10,910,510 Class A Shares are available for
future issuance, representing approximately 2.46% and 0.67% of BAMs issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at December 31, 2024
and March 7, 2025, respectively.

Eligibility for participation
in the Escrowed Stock Plan is restricted to designated executives of BAM and its affiliates or any other persons designated by the Board.
The number of Escrowed Shares to be granted to each participant is determined at the discretion of the Board, on the recommendation of
the GNCC. The GNCC recommends the award of Escrowed Shares for the CEO. All other awards of Escrowed Shares are recommended by the CEO
to the GNCC. The number of Class A Shares issuable to insiders at any time, or issued in any one year to insiders, under any of BAMs
security-based compensation arrangements cannot exceed in either case 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of this class; and no more
than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares may be issued under these arrangements to any one person. Aside from transfers to BAM (in
the case of termination of employment, described in the table under Termination and Change of Control Provisions on page
57 of this Circular) or for personal tax planning purposes, transfers of Escrowed Shares are not permitted. No incremental entitlements
are triggered by a change in control of BAM under the Escrowed Stock Plan.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 67

The number of Escrowed Shares granted under the
Escrowed Stock Plan annually, expressed as a percentage of the weighted average number of Class A Shares outstanding in the year, was
nil in 2022, 0.15% in 2023, and 0.29% in 2024. See also Dilution of Class A Shares on
page 68 of this Circular for information on the rate of Class A Share issuances under the Escrowed Stock Plan.

The Escrowed Stock Plan also provides that each
person that is an officer, employee or consultant of BN or any of its affiliates shall, for so long as such person remains an officer,
employee or consultant of BN or any of its affiliates, be permitted to hold and exchange his or her Escrowed Shares in accordance with
their terms as though such person was an officer, employee or consultant, as applicable, of BAM or any of its affiliates.

On February 24, 2025 the Company was granted exemptive
relief from the Ontario Securities Commission.

Procedure for Amending Escrowed
Stock Plan

The Escrowed Stock Plan contains
an amending provision setting out the types of amendments which can be approved by the Board without shareholder approval and those which
require shareholder approval. Shareholder approval is required for any amendment that increases the number of Class A Shares issuable
under the Escrowed Stock Plan, expands insider participation, expands participation to include non-employee directors of BAM, any amendment
to the amendment provisions or other amendments required by law to be approved by shareholders. Shareholder approval is not required for
any amendment to the Escrowed Stock Plan that is of a housekeeping or administrative nature, that is necessary to comply with applicable
laws or to qualify for favorable tax treatment, that is to vesting provisions, that is to the termination or early termination provisions
(provided that the amendment does not entail an extension beyond the tenth anniversary of the award date for any particular Escrowed Company),
and to suspend or terminate the Escrowed Stock Plan.

Dilution of Class A Shares

Options
Outstanding under the 2022 Plan and Class A Shares Issued under the 2022 Non-Qualified Plan and the Escrowed Stock Plan as a

Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Class A Shares

2024 2023 2022

2022
Plan 2.0% 2.7% 2.7%

2022
Non-Qualified Plan(a) 0.8% 

Escrowed
Stock Plan(b) 1.9% 

(a) Reflects the number of Class A Shares to be issued upon exchange of the
in-the-money Options under the 2022 Non-Qualified Plan during the applicable year.

(b) Reflects the number of Class A Shares to be issued upon exchange of the
in-the-money Escrowed Shares, less the number of Class A Shares cancelled under the Escrowed Stock Plan during the applicable year. Although
the number of Class A Shares outstanding may increase over time as a result of issuances of Class A Shares pursuant to the Escrowed Stock
Plan, the Escrowed Stock Plan continues to be economically non-dilutive as BAM will cancel Class A Shares held by Escrowed Companies that
are wound up or merged. 

Grants Issued as a Percentage of Shares Outstanding

The following table shows the
number of Class A Shares issuable under awards granted under each of the Option Plans and the Escrowed Stock Plan as a percentage of the
average Class A Shares outstanding (the rate of grants issued) in 2024. The rate of grants issued is defined as the number
of Class A Shares issuable under awards granted in a fiscal year, divided by the basic weighted average number of Class A Shares outstanding
in that year.

2024 2023 2022

Grants under
the 2022 Plan(a) 354,248 1,706,775 11,285,399

Rate
of Grants Issued 0.1% 0.4% 2.7%

Grants under
the 2022 Non Qualified Plan(a) 1,465,020 741,852 

Rate
of Grants Issued 0.34% 0.18% 

Grants under
the Escrowed Stock Plan(b) 1,261,666 600,628 

Rate
of Grants Issued 0.29% 0.15% 

(a) Includes Class A Shares issuable on exercise of the options as of each
fiscal year end. Holders of options under the 2022 Non-Qualified Plan are only entitled to receive a number of Class A Shares equal to
the in-the-money value of the options at the time of exercise.

(b) Includes Class A Shares issuable on exchange as of each fiscal year end
for information purposes. Although the number of Class A Shares outstanding may increase over time as a result of issuances of Class A
Shares pursuant to the Escrowed Stock Plan, the Escrowed Stock Plan continues to be economically non-dilutive as BAM will cancel Class
A Shares held by Escrowed Companies that are wound up or merged.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 68

Securities Authorized for Issue
Under Incentive Plans

The following table sets out information
on BAMs Option Plans and Escrowed Stock Plan as at December 31, 2024.

Plan Category Number of securities to be issued

upon exercise of outstanding 

options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price 

of outstanding options, warrants

and rights(a) Number of securities remaining 

available for future issuance under

equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2022 Plan 8,887,513 $27.31 4,481,396

2022 Non-Qualified Plan(b) 3,444,066 $37.60 9,038,169

Escrowed Stock Plan(c) 8,362,694 10,910,510

Total 20,694,273 24,430,075

(a) Converted into U.S. dollars using the average Bloomberg mid-market exchange
rate for 2024 of C$1.00 = US$0.6953.

(b) This value represents the number of Class A Shares at December 31, 2024
which could be issued under this plan. Up to December 31, 2024, 17,765 Class A Shares have been issued in connection with this plan.

(c) This value represents the number of Class A Shares at December 31, 2024
which could be issued under this plan. Up to December 31, 2024, 112,228 Class A Shares have been issued and 22,738 Class A Shares have
been cancelled in connection with this plan. 

Pension and Retirement Benefits

BAMs Named Executive Officers
and its other senior executives do not participate in a registered defined benefit plan or any other post-retirement supplementary compensation
plans. The Named Executive Officers do not have any entitlement to future pension benefits or other post-employment benefits from BAM.
BAM has not entered into contractual termination, post-termination or change of control arrangements, employment contracts or golden parachutes
with any of its Named Executive Officers.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 69

PART SIX OTHER INFORMATION

Indebtedness of Directors, Officers and Employees

The amount of debt outstanding by current and
former directors, officers and employees of BAM as at March 7, 2025 to BAM and its subsidiaries is approximately $9.8 million, which loans
bear interest at a minimum rate of 2.25%. The purpose of such loans is to enable certain employees of BAM to fund certain near-term expenses
without monetizing previously granted equity awards under Brookfields long-term share ownership plans thereby preserving long-term
alignment with BAM. No executive officers of BAM are indebted under any of these loans.

Audit Committee

Additional information about the
Audit Committee required by Part 5 of NI 52-110 can be found on pages 26 to 27 of this Circular. BAMs Audit Committee Charter is
posted on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com under Governance Documents.

Share Repurchase Program

Class A Limited Voting Shares

On January 9, 2025, BAM renewed
its share repurchase program for market purchases of its Class A Shares for a period extending from January 13, 2025 until January 12,
2026, or an earlier date should BAM complete its purchases. The share repurchase program allows BAM to repurchase, during the period mentioned
above, on the NYSE or TSX, a maximum of 37.1 million Class A Shares, representing approximately 10% of the public float of the outstanding
Class A Shares. All Class A Shares acquired by BAM under the share repurchase program are cancelled or purchased by a non-independent
trustee pursuant to a long-term incentive plan.

The share repurchase program is
in place because BAM believes that, from time to time, the trading price of Class A Shares may not fully reflect the underlying value
of BAMs business and future business prospects, and in such circumstances acquiring Class A Shares may represent an attractive
investment. As at March 7, 2025, BAM has purchased 1,110,543 Class A Shares at an average price of $53.2713. Shareholders may obtain,
free of charge, a copy of the notice of intent regarding the share repurchase program, which was approved by the TSX, by writing to the
Corporate Secretary of BAM at Brookfield Place, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10281-0221.

Cautionary Statement Regarding
the Use of Non-GAAP Measures and Forward-Looking Statements

BAM prepares its financial statements
in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). This Circular
discloses a number of non-GAAP financial and supplemental financial measures which are utilized in monitoring our asset management business,
including for performance measurement, capital allocation and valuation purposes. BAM believes that providing these performance measures
is helpful to investors in assessing the overall performance of our asset management business. These non-GAAP financial measures should
not be considered as the sole measure of BAM's or our asset management business performance and should not be considered in isolation
from, or as a substitute for, similar financial measures calculated in conformity with U.S. GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial
measures are not standardized financial measures and may not be comparable to similar financial measures used by other issuers. Non-GAAP
measures include, but are not limited to, distributable earnings, fee revenues, and fee-related earnings. Supplemental financial measures
include assets under management, fee-bearing capital and uncalled fund commitments. See pages 69 to 70 of the Annual Report for further
information on non-GAAP financial measures or other financial metrics and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the
most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, where applicable, which pages are also
incorporated by reference in this Circular.

This Circular also contains forward-looking
statements and forward-looking information (collectively, forward-looking statements) within the meaning of U.S. and Canadian
securities laws, as applicable. See pages 5, 8, and 9 of the Annual

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 70

Report for further information on forward-looking statements, which
pages are also incorporated by reference in this Circular. The Annual Report is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar and SEDAR+
at www.sedarplus.ca.

Availability of Disclosure
Documents

BAM will provide any person or
company, upon request in accordance with the directions in the Notice, a copy of this Circular and the Annual Report. Upon request to
the Corporate Secretary of BAM, BAM will provide any person or company the Annual Report, together with a copy of any document or the
pertinent pages of any document incorporated therein by reference; managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operation from its most recently completed financial year (MD&A) and/or the interim financial statements
of BAM for the periods subsequent to the end of its fiscal year (the Interim Statements). Financial information on BAM is
provided in its comparative annual financial statements and MD&A. Requests for the Annual Report, MD&A and the Interim Statements
can be made to BAM by mail at Brookfield Place, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10281-0221, by telephone at (212)
417 7000, or by email at bam.enquiries@brookfield.com. All of these documents and additional information related to BAM are also
available on BAMs website, https://bam.brookfield.com, on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar and SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

Shareholder Proposals

Pursuant to the Business Corporations
Act (British Columbia) (the BCBCA), shareholder proposals must be submitted by a qualified shareholder
that has held Class A Shares or Class B Shares for an uninterrupted period of a least two years. Shareholder proposals can be validly
submitted for consideration at any annual meeting of shareholders. The deadline for shareholder proposals for BAMs 2025 annual
general meeting of shareholders is March 7, 2025. Shareholder proposals should be submitted to BAMs registered office at 1055 West
Georgia Street, 1500 Royal Centre, P.O. Box 11117, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6E 4N7. In order to be considered valid, shareholder
proposals must also meet the additional requirements enumerated under section 188 of the BCBCA.

Other Business

BAM knows of no other matter to
come before the meeting other than the matters referred to in the Notice of Meeting of Shareholders and Availability of Investor Materials
dated March 25, 2025.

Directors Approval

The contents and posting of this Circular have been
approved by the directors of BAM.

Kathy Sarpash

Kathy Sarpash

Corporate Secretary

March 25, 2025

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/ 71

APPENDIX A CHARTER OF
THE BOARD 

1. Role of the Board

The role of the board of directors (the Board)
of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (the Corporation) is to oversee, directly and through its committees, the business and
affairs of the Corporation, which are conducted by the Corporations officers and employees under the direction of the Chief Executive
Officer (CEO).

2. Authority and Responsibilities

The Board meets regularly to review reports by
management on the Corporations performance and other relevant matters of interest. In addition to the general supervision of management,
the Board performs the following functions:

(a) Strategic Planning overseeing the long-term strategic-planning process
within the Corporation and, at least annually, reviewing, approving and monitoring the strategic plan for the Corporation, including fundamental
financial and business strategies and objectives;

(b) Risk Assessment assessing the major risks facing the Corporation
and reviewing, approving and monitoring the manner of managing those risks;

(c) CEO selecting the CEO; reviewing and approving the position description
for the CEO including the corporate objectives that the CEO is responsible for meeting; and reviewing and approving the compensation of
the CEO as recommended by the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee;

(d) Officers and Senior Management overseeing the selection of corporate
officers and the evaluation and compensation of senior management; 

(e) Succession Planning monitoring the succession of key members of
senior management;

(f) Communications and Disclosure Policy adopting a communications and
disclosure policy for the Corporation that ensures the timeliness and integrity of communications to shareholders, and establishing suitable
mechanisms to receive stakeholder views; 

(g) Sustainability overseeing the Corporations approach to sustainability
matters within its corporate and asset management activities as reported to the Board by the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee;

(h) Corporate Governance developing and promoting a set of effective
corporate governance principles and guidelines applicable to the Corporation; 

(i) Internal Controls reviewing and monitoring the controls and procedures
within the Corporation to maintain its integrity, including its disclosure controls and procedures, and its internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting and compliance; 

(j) Culture on an ongoing basis, satisfy itself that the CEO and other
executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the Corporation, including compliance with the Corporations Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics and its anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures; and 

(k) Whistleblowers in conjunction with the Audit Committee of the Board,
establish whistleblower policies for the Corporation providing employees, officers, directors and other stakeholders, including the public,
with the opportunity to raise, anonymously or not, questions, complaints or concerns regarding the Corporations practices, including
fraud, policy violations, any illegal or unethical conduct, and any accounting, auditing or internal control matters. The Board or a committee
thereof will provide oversight over the Corporations whistleblower policies and practices, with management being responsible for
reviewing the Corporations Whistleblowing Policy on an annual basis, to ensure that any questions, complaints or concerns
are adequately received, reviewed, investigated, documented and resolved.

3. Composition and Procedures

(a) Size
of Board and Selection Process The directors of the Corporation are elected each year by the shareholders at the annual meeting
of shareholders. The Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee recommends to the full 

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 1

Board the nominees for election to the Board and the Board proposes individual nominees to the shareholders for
election. Any shareholder may propose a nominee for election to the Board either by means of a shareholder proposal or at the annual meeting
itself, upon compliance with the requirements prescribed by the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). The Board also recommends
the number of directors on the Board to shareholders for approval. Between annual meetings, the Board may appoint directors to serve until
the next annual meeting. 

(b) Qualifications Directors should have the highest personal and professional
ethics and values and be committed to advancing the best interests of the Corporation. They should possess skills and competencies in
areas that are relevant to the Corporations activities. The Lead Independent Director and a majority of the directors will be Independent
Directors, based on the rules and guidelines of applicable stock exchanges and securities regulatory authorities, and Unaffiliated Directors.
The Board is committed to developing and promoting diversity, including ethnic and gender diversity. The Board has adopted a gender diversity
target that at least 30% of the entire Board be women. 

(c) Director Education and Orientation The Corporations management
team is responsible for providing an orientation program for new directors in respect of the Corporation and the role and responsibilities
of directors. In addition, directors will, as required, receive continuing education about the Corporation to maintain a current understanding
of the Corporations business and operations, industries and sectors in which we operate globally, material developments and trends
in asset management and the Corporations strategic initiatives. 

(d) Meetings The Chair is responsible for approving the agenda for each
Board meeting. Prior to each Board meeting, the Chair of the Board reviews agenda items for the meeting with the CEO, Chief Financial
Officer and Corporate Secretary, before circulation to the full Board. The Board meets at least once a quarter: to review and approve
the Corporations quarterly earnings report and consider dividend payments and to review specific items of business including transactions
and strategic initiatives. The Board holds additional meetings as necessary to consider special business. The Board also meets once a
year to review the Corporations annual business plan and long-term strategy. Materials for each meeting are distributed to the
directors in advance of the meeting. At the conclusion of each Board meeting, the independent and unaffiliated directors meet without
any other person present. The Lead Independent Director chairs these in-camera sessions. 

(e) Committees The Board has established the following standing committees
to assist it in discharging its responsibilities: (i) Audit and (ii) Governance, Nominating and Compensation. Special committees are established,
from time to time, to assist the Board in connection with specific matters. The Chair of each committee reports to the Board following
meetings of their committee. The governing charter of each standing committee is reviewed and approved annually by the Board. 

(f) Evaluation The Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee
performs an annual evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the standing committees of the Board and the contributions
of individual directors and provides a report to the Board on the findings of this process. In addition, each individual director and
each standing committee assesses its own performance annually. 

(g) Compensation The Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee
recommends to the Board the compensation for non-management directors (it is the policy of the Corporation that management directors do
not receive compensation for their service on the Board). In reviewing the adequacy and form of compensation, the Governance, Nominating
and Compensation Committee seeks to ensure that director compensation reflects the responsibilities and risks involved in being a director
of the Corporation and aligns the interests of the directors with the best interests of the Corporation. 

(h) Access to Outside Advisors The Board and any committee may at any
time retain outside financial, legal or other advisors at the expense of the Corporation. Any director may, subject to the approval of
the Chair of the Board, retain an outside advisor at the expense of the Corporation. 

(i) Charter
of Expectations The Board has adopted a Charter of Expectations for Directors which outlines the basic duties and responsibilities
of directors and the expectations the Corporation places on them in terms of professional and personal competencies, performance, behaviour,
share ownership, conflicts of interest, change of circumstances and resignation events. Among other things, the Charter of Expectations
outlines the role of directors in stakeholder

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 2

engagement and
the requirement of directors to attend Board meetings and review meeting materials in advance of such meetings. 

This Board of Directors Charter was reviewed
and approved by the Board on May 7, 2024.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 3

Annex A

Definitions for Board and Committee Charters

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the
Board.

Audit Committee Financial Expert means a person
who has the following attributes:

(a) an understanding of GAAP and financial statements; 

(b) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection
with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; 

(c) experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements
that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues
that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Corporations financial statements, or experience actively supervising one or
more persons engaged in such activities; 

(d) an understanding of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting;
and

(e) an understanding of audit committee functions, acquired through any one
or more of the following:

(i) education and experience as a principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer, controller, public accountant or auditor or experience in one or more positions that involve the performance of similar functions;

(ii) experience actively supervising a principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor or person performing similar functions; 

(iii) experience overseeing or assessing the performance of companies or public
accountants with respect to the preparation, auditing or evaluation of financial statements; or 

(iv) other relevant experience.

Board Interlocks means when
two directors of one public company sit together on the board of another company.

Committee Interlocks means
when a Board Interlock exists, plus the relevant two directors also sit together on a board committee for one or both of the companies.

Financially Literate means
the ability to read and understand a set of financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity of accounting issues that
are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of the issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Corporations
financial statements.

GAAP means generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America that the SEC has identified as having substantial authoritative support, as supplemented
by Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act, as amended from time to time.

Governance, Nominating and Compensation
Committee means the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee of the Board.

Immediate Family Member means
an individuals spouse, parent, child, sibling, mother or father-in-law, son or daughter-in-law, brother or sister-in-law, and anyone
(other than an employee of either the individual or the individuals immediate family member) who shares the individuals
home.

Independent Director(s) means
a director who has been affirmatively determined by the Board to have no material relationship with the Corporation, either directly or
as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Corporation. A material relationship is one that
could reasonably be expected to interfere with a directors exercise of independent judgment. In addition to any other requirement
of applicable securities laws or stock exchange provisions, a director who:

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 4

(a) is or was an employee or executive officer, or whose Immediate Family Member
is or was an executive officer, of the Corporation is not independent until three years after the end of such employment relationship;

(b) is receiving or has received, or whose Immediate Family Member is an executive
officer of the Corporation and is receiving or has received, during any 12-month period within the last three years more than CA$75,000
in direct compensation from the Corporation, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of fixed compensation under
a retirement plan (including deferred compensation) for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued
service), is not independent; 

(c) is or was a partner of, affiliated with or employed by, or whose Immediate
Family Member is or was a partner of or employed in an audit, assurance, or tax compliance practice in a professional capacity by, the
Corporations present or former internal or external auditor, is not independent until three years after the end of such partnership,
affiliation, or employment relationship, as applicable, with the auditor; 

(d) is or was employed as, or whose immediate family member is or was employed
as, an executive officer of another company (or its parent or a subsidiary) where any of the present (at the time of review) executive
officers of the Corporation serve or served on that companys (or its parents or a subsidiarys) compensation committee,
is not independent until three years after the end of such service or the employment relationship, as applicable; and 

(e) is an executive officer or an employee of, or whose Immediate Family Member
is an executive officer of, another company (or its parent or a subsidiary) that has made payments to, or received payments from, the
Corporation for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years exceeds the greater of US$1 million or
2% of such other companys consolidated gross revenues, in each case, is not independent.

Additionally, an Independent Director for the
purposes of the Audit Committee and the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee, specifically may not:

(a) accept directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory
fee from the Corporation, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of fixed compensation under a retirement plan
(including deferred compensation) for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service); or

(b) be an affiliated person of the Corporation (within the meaning of applicable
rules and regulations).

Furthermore, an Independent Director for the
purposes of the Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee, specifically may not:

(a) have a relationship with senior management that would impair the directors
ability to make independent judgments about the Corporations executive compensation.

For the purposes of the definition of Independent
Director, the term Corporation includes any parent or subsidiary in a consolidated group with the Corporation and includes
Brookfield Asset Management ULC and any of its subsidiaries.

In addition to the requirements for independence
set out in paragraph (c) above, Members of the Audit and Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committees must disclose any other form
of association they have with a current or former external or internal auditor of the Corporation to the Governance, Nominating and Compensation
Committee for a determination as to whether this association affects the Members status as an Independent Director.

Statement of Corporate Governance Practices
means the statement of corporate governance practices section of the Corporations management information circular.

Sustainability includes but
is not limited to responsibility or experience overseeing and/or managing: climate change risks; GHG emissions; natural resources; waste
management; energy efficiency; biodiversity; water use; environmental regulatory and/or compliance matters; health and safety; human rights;
labor practices; diversity and inclusion; talent attraction and retention; human capital development; community/stakeholder engagement;
board composition and engagement; business ethics; anti-bribery & corruption; audit practices; regulatory functions; and data protection
and privacy.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 5

Unaffiliated Director means
any director who (a) does not own greater than a de minimis interest in the Corporation (exclusive of any securities compensation earned
as a director) and (b) within the last two years has not directly or indirectly (i) been an officer of or employed by the Corporation,
Brookfield Asset Management ULC or any of their respective affiliates, (ii) performed more than a de minimis amount of services for the
Corporation, Brookfield Asset Management ULC or any of their affiliates, or (iii) had any material business or professional relationship
with the Corporation or Brookfield Asset Management ULC or their affiliates other than as a director of the Corporation or any of their
affiliates. de minimis for the purpose of this test includes factors such as the relevance of a directors interest
in the Corporation or Brookfield Asset Management ULC to themselves and to the Corporation or Brookfield Asset Management ULC.

2025 MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR/A- 6

BROOKFIELD
ASSET MANAGEMENT

Brookfield.com

NYSE:
BAM

TSX:
BAM

BROOKFIELD
CORPORATE OFFICES 

United
States Canada United
Kingdom Australia

Brookfield
Place Brookfield
Place One
Canada Square Brookfield
Place

250
Vesey Street 181
Bay Street, Suite 100 Level 25 Level 19

15th
Floor Bay
Wellington Tower Canary
Wharf 10
Carrington Street

New
York, NY Toronto,
ON M5J 2T3 London
E14 5AA Sydney,
NSW 2000

10281-0221 +1.416.363.9491 +44.20.7659.3500 +61.2.9158.5100

+1.212.417.7000 

Brazil United
Arab Emirates India China

Avenida
das Naes Unidas, Level 24,
ICD Brookfield Place Unit
1 Unit
01, 11F

14.401 AI
Mustaqbal Street, DIFC 4th
Floor, Godrej BKC Tower
C, One East

Parque
da Cidade-Torre Paineira P.O.
Box 507234 Bandra
Kurla Complex No. 768 South Zhongshan 1st Road

15 andar Dubai Mumbai
400 051 Huangpu
District, Shanghai

So PauloSP +971.4.597.0100 +91.22.6600.0700 200023

CEP
04794-000 +86.21.2306.0700

+55
(11) 2540.9150 

OAKTREE
CORPORATE OFFICES 

United
States United
States United
Kingdom Hong
Kong

333
South Grand Avenue 1301
Avenue of the Americas Verde Suite
2001, 20/F

28th
Floor 34th
Floor 10
Bressenden Place Champion
Tower

Los
Angeles, CA 90071 New
York, NY 10019 London
SW1E 5DH 3
Garden Road

+1.213.830.6300 +1.212.284.1900 +44.20.7201.4600 Central

+852.3655.6800

REGIONAL
OFFICES (BROOKFIELD & OAKTREE) 

North
America South
America Europe
/ Middle East Asia
Pacific

Bermuda Bogot Amsterdam Sydney

Brentwood Dublin Beijing

Calgary Frankfurt Hong
Kong

Chicago Luxembourg Mumbai

Dallas Madrid Seoul

Houston Paris Shanghai

Los
Angeles Stockholm Singapore

Stamford Zurich Tokyo

Dubai 

Riyadh
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Brookfield
Asset Management Ltd.

PROXY,
solicited by management, for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of BrookfieldAsset
Management Ltd. (the Corporation) to be held at the Dotdash Meredith Event Center, Brookfield Place, 225 Liberty
Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY on Monday, May 5, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (New York time) (the Meeting). If
you are unable to attend the Meeting in person, you can attend the Meeting by joining the live webcast at: https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-706-400-663,
password brookfield2025 (case sensitive).

If
you wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the Corporation's nominees below, YOU MUST enter the name of your proxyholder below AND
call 1-866-751-6315 (within North America) or 416-682-3860 (outside of North America) or visit online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request
by 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on May 1, 2025 and provide TSX Trust Company ("TSX Trust") with the required information for your
chosen proxyholder so that TSX Trust may provide the proxyholder with a control number via email. This control number will allow your
proxyholder to log in to and vote at the Meeting. Without a control number, your proxyholder will only be able to log in to the Meeting
as a guest and will not be able to ask questions or vote.

The
undersigned holder of Class A Limited Voting Shares of the Corporation hereby appoints MARCEL R. COUTU, or failing him CYRUS MADON, (or
in lieu thereof________________________________________ ), as proxy of the undersigned to attend and vote, in respect of all the Class
A Limited Voting Shares registered in the name of the undersigned, at the Meeting, and at any adjournments thereof, with full power of
substitution, on the following matters:

1. Election of Directors (Mark either For or Withhold for each of the following 12
nominees)

For Withhold For Withhold

01 Barry Blattman 07 Nili Gilbert 

02 Angela F. Braly 08 Keith Johnson 

03 Marcel R. Coutu 09 Brian W. Kingston 

04 Scott Cutler 10 Cyrus Madon 

05 Bruce Flatt 11 Diana Noble 

06 Olivia (Liv) Garfield 12 William Powell 

2. Appointment of the External Auditor (Mark either (a) or (b))

(a) FOR the appointment of Deloitte LLP as the external auditor and authorizing the directors to set its remuneration;
or

(b) WITHHOLD from voting in the appointment of Deloitte LLP as the external auditor and authorizing the directors
to set its remuneration.

3. Say on Pay Resolution (Mark either (a) or (b))

(a) FOR the Say on Pay Resolution set out in the Management Information Circular of the Corporation dated March
25, 2025 (the Circular); or

(b) AGAINST
the Say on Pay Resolution set out in the Circular.

In addition, the undersigned
appoints such person as proxy to vote and act as aforesaid upon any amendments or variations to the matters identified in the Notice of
Meeting and on all other matters that may properly come before the Meeting. Unless otherwise specified above, the shares represented
by this proxy will be voted by the persons whose names are printed above for the election as directors of all nominees for election by
holders of the Class A Limited Voting Shares, for the appointment of Deloitte LLP as the external auditor and for the Say on Pay Resolution
set out in the Circular.

Name of Shareholder: 

Number of Class A Limited Voting Shares: 

Date: , 2025 

Signature 

NOTES:

1. If this proxy is not dated in the space provided, it
will be deemed to be dated as of the date on which it was mailed to you by management of the Corporation.

2. If
the shareholder is an individual, please sign exactly as your shares are registered.

If the shareholder is a corporation, this proxy must be executed
by a duly authorized officer or attorney of the shareholder and, if the corporation has a corporate seal, its corporate
seal should be affixed. If shares are registered in the name of an executor, administrator or trustee, please sign exactly
as the shares are registered. If the shares are registered in the name of the deceased or other shareholder, the shareholder's
name must be printed in the space provided, the proxy must be signed by the legal representative with his/her name printed
below his/her signature and evidence of authority to sign on behalf of the shareholder must be attached to this proxy.

3. To be valid, this proxy must be signed, dated and deposited with the Secretary
of the Corporation c/o TSX Trust Company via one of the below options, not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on Thursday, May 1, 2025
or, if the Meeting is adjourned, 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before any adjournment of the Meeting: by mail,
to Attention: Proxy Department, P.O. Box 721, Agincourt, Ontario M1S 0A1; by fax at 416-595-9593; by email, with a scanned copy to proxyvote@tmx.com;
by telephone, toll-free at 1-888-489-5760 or by Internet, at www.meeting-vote.com and by following the instructions for electronic voting.
A shareholder will be prompted to provide the control number printed near the preprinted name and address. The telephone voting service
is not available on the day of the Meeting.

4. A shareholder has the right to appoint a person (who
need not be a shareholder) to represent the shareholder at the Meeting other than the management nominees named in this form of proxy.
Such right may be exercised by inserting in the space provided the name of the other person the shareholder wishes to appoint and delivering
the completed proxy to the Secretary of the Corporation, as set out above. In addition, YOU MUST call 1-866-751-6315 (within North America)
or 416-682-3860 (outside of North America) or visit online at https://www.tsxtrust.com/control-number-request by 5:00 p.m. (New York time)
on May 1, 2025 and provide TSX Trust with the required information for your chosen proxyholder so that TSX Trust may provide the proxyholder
with a control number via email. This control number will allow your proxyholder to log in to and vote at the Meeting. Without a control
number your proxyholder will only be able to log in to the Meeting as a guest and will not be able to ask questions or vote.

5. Reference is made to the Circular for further information
regarding completion and use of this proxy and other information pertaining to the Meeting, including the right of a shareholder to cumulate
his or her votes in the election of directors. Unless otherwise directed by the shareholder who has given the proxy, management intends
to cast the votes to which the Class A Limited Voting Shares represented by such proxy are entitled equally among the proposed nominees
for election by the holders of Class A Limited Voting Shares.

6. If a share is held by two or more persons, any one
of them present or represented by proxy at the Meeting may, in the absence of the other or others, vote in respect thereof, but if more
than one of them are present or represented by proxy, they shall vote together in respect of each share so held.

7. The shares represented by this proxy will be voted
or withheld from voting in accordance with the instructions of the shareholder on any ballot that may be called for and, if the shareholder
specifies a choice with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted accordingly.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bam-20250404.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bam-20250404_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bam-20250404_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1img01.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1img02.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1img03.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1img04.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp3img009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp7001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-1sp7002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_ex99-2img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 04, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 04, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41563

Entity Registrant Name Brookfield Asset Management Ltd.

Entity Central Index Key 0001937926

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1702516

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One Brookfield Place

Entity Address, Address Line Two 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10281-0221

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 417-7000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Limited Voting Shares

Trading Symbol BAM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://brookfield.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bam-20250404.xsd 
bam-20250404_lab.xml 
bam-20250404_pre.xml 
tm259535d8_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-032264-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>tm259535d8_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001937926 

2025-04-04 
2025-04-04 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001937926 
8-K 
2025-04-04 
Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. 
A1 
001-41563 
98-1702516 
Brookfield Place 
250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10281-0221 
212 
417-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Limited Voting Shares 
BAM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>