<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-005994.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-005994.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124161525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-005994
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250121
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Net Lease, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001526113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				452771978
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37390
		FILM NUMBER:		25554396

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-415-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		650 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Daily Net Asset Value Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Realty Capital Global Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110719
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm254303d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001526113falsefalsefalsefalse00015261132025-01-212025-01-210001526113us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-212025-01-210001526113us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember2025-01-212025-01-210001526113us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember2025-01-212025-01-210001526113us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember2025-01-212025-01-210001526113us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember2025-01-212025-01-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d)
of The

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 21, 2025

Global
Net Lease, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter)

Maryland 001-37390 45-2771978

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

650
Fifth Avenue, 30th Floor 

New
York, New York 10019

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (332) 265-2020

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant
to section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange
on which 

registered

Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL New
York Stock Exchange

7.25%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR A New
York Stock Exchange

6.875%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR B New
York Stock Exchange

7.50%
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR D New
York Stock Exchange

7.375%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share GNL
PR E New
York Stock Exchange

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

Appointment of Chief Operating Officer 

On January 21, 2025,
Global Net Lease, Inc.s (the Company) board of directors (the Board) appointed Ori Kravel, the Companys
current Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, as Chief Operating Officer, effective January 23, 2025. In his role as Senior
Vice President of Corporate Development, which he has held since the Companys internalization in September 2023, Mr. Kravel, 35,
has overseen key areas of the Companys overall business strategy and operations. His responsibilities have included overseeing
capital markets, M&A and executing strategic transactions. Mr. Kravel joined AR Global Investments, LLC (AR Global),
the parent company of the Companys former advisor and property manager, in 2011 and has 14 years of experience in debt and equity
transactions, mergers and acquisitions, and driving operational efficiency. Mr. Kravel has executed over $12 billion in capital markets
transactions and more than $25 billion in M&A transactions. Mr. Kravel graduated with a bachelors degree in Business Administration,
Real Estate and Urban Economics from the Wisconsin School of Business at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Employment Agreement with Ori Kravel 

In connection with Mr. Kravels appointment
to Chief Operating Officer, on January 23, 2025, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement)
with Mr. Kravel, which agreement became effective as of January 23, 2025. The Employment
Agreement may be terminated by the Company with or without cause (as defined therein),
or by Mr. Kravel with or without good reason (as defined therein), in each case subject to written notice in accordance
with the terms thereof. The Employment Agreement also terminates automatically upon the death or disability of Mr. Kravel.

Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kravel is entitled to, among other things:

a base salary at an annual rate
of $415,000, subject to upwards adjustment based on an annual review;

a performance-based annual cash
bonus (the Annual Bonus) opportunity for each completed calendar year with a threshold amount of 100% of his annual base
salary, a target amount of 181% of his annual base salary and a maximum amount of 250% of his annual base salary, upon achievement of
certain goals related solely to Mr. Kravel and the Companys performance, as determined by the Companys Chief Executive Officer
(the CEO) or the Board (or a committee thereof) in good faith, and subject to certification by the Boards Compensation
Committee (the Compensation Committee). Such targets shall be communicated to Mr. Kravel within ninety (90) days following
the commencement of the applicable performance year; 

an annual grant of equity-based
awards under the Companys long-term incentive compensation plans (LTIP), with such awards for each fiscal year having
a target amount and other terms and conditions determined by the Board and Compensation Committee in good faith, with such amounts being
consistent with the awards made to other similarly situated Company executives, consisting of time-vesting and performance-vesting awards,
provided that the ratio of time-vesting and performance-vesting awards, and the goals for the performance-based awards, shall be no less
favorable than those applicable to long-term incentive awards granted under the LTIP to other similarly situated Company executives as
determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee in good faith; and

certain employee benefits including,
among other things, indemnification rights from the Company and expense reimbursement rights for all reasonable and documented business
expenses.

Upon certain terminations of Mr. Kravels
employment with the Company, in addition to payment of accrued but unpaid annual base salary and certain other benefits, Mr. Kravel (or
his estate, as applicable) would be entitled to the following severance pay and benefits, subject to execution of a release of claims:

if the termination is by reason of death or disability
(as defined in the Employment Agreement), payment of any earned but unpaid Annual Bonus for the previously completed fiscal year, calculated
based on actual performance, and an Annual Bonus for the year in which such termination occurs at the target level, (A) paid in a lump
sum in cash on a fully vested basis when bonuses are paid to similarly situated employees and (B) pro-rated based on the proportion of
the fiscal year Mr. Kravel was employed by the Company in which such termination occurs (collectively, the Additional Benefits);
reimbursements of the monthly premiums for Mr. Kravels healthcare benefits through the 18 months following the date of Mr. Kravels
termination; subject to certain terms and conditions, (A) accelerated vesting of all time-based equity or equity-based awards and (B)
accelerated vesting of all performance-based equity or equity-based awards subject, with respect to performance-based awards, to the actual
achievement of the performance metrics for such equity or equity-based awards measured at the end of the applicable performance periods
(collectively, the Vesting Benefits); 

if the termination is by the Company without
cause, or by Mr. Kravel for good reason, the Additional Benefits; the Vesting Benefits; the Companys
reimbursements of the monthly premiums for Mr. Kravels healthcare benefits for a period of up to 12 months following the date of
Mr. Kravels termination; and cash severance equal to the sum of (A) 200% of Mr. Kravels then current annual base salary
and (B) 200% of the target level Annual Bonus for the calendar year in which the termination occurs, payable in substantially equal installments
in accordance with the Companys regular payroll cycle over the 12-month period following the date of Mr. Kravels termination;
and

if the termination is by the Company without
cause or by Mr. Kravel for good reason during the four months preceding, or the 18 months immediately following,
a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreement), the Additional Benefits; the Vesting Benefits; the Companys reimbursements
of the monthly premiums for Mr. Kravels healthcare benefits for a period of up to 18 months following the date of Mr. Kravels
termination; and cash severance equal to the sum of (A) 300% of Mr. Kravels then current annual base salary and (B) 300% of the
target Annual Bonus for the calendar year in which the date of termination occurs, payable in a lump sum within 60 days following the
date of Mr. Kravels termination to the extent such Change in Control constitutes a permissible payment event under Internal Revenue
Code Section 409A (or, if not, payable in installments over a twelve (12) consecutive month period following the date of termination).

The Employment Agreement contains customary covenants
related to non-competition and non-solicitation of employees and customers for one year following termination of employment with the Company,
as well as customary covenants related to mutual non-disparagement, confidentiality, and intellectual property rights.

There are no arrangements
or understandings between Mr. Kravel and any other persons pursuant to his appointment as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. There
are no family relationships between Mr. Kravel and the executive officers or directors of the Company, and there are no other transactions
involving the Company and Mr. Kravel that the Company would be required to report pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement
is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit
No Description

10.1* Employment Agreement, dated as of
January 23, 2025, by and between Global Net Lease, Inc. and Ori Kravel.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File
- the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

*Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K, schedules and similar attachments to this exhibit have been omitted because they do not contain information material to an investment
or voting decision and such information is not otherwise disclosed in such exhibit. The Company will supplementally provide a copy of
any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

GLOBAL NET LEASE, INC.

Date: January 24, 2025 By: /s/ Edward M. Weil, Jr.

Name: Edward M. Weil, Jr.

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm254303d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

BETWEEN

GLOBAL NET LEASE, INC.

AND

ORI KRAVEL

This Employment Agreement
(this Agreement), entered into on January 23, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between Global
Net Lease, Inc., a Maryland corporation and real estate investment trust (the Company), and Ori Kravel (the Executive)
(each of them being referred to as a Party and together as the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Executive desire to memorialize the terms of the Executives employment relationship with the Company effective as of the Effective
Date on the terms and conditions set out below.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company
and the Executive, in consideration of the respective covenants set out below, hereby agree as follows:

1.EMPLOYMENT.

(a)Position(s). The Executive shall be employed as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The Executive shall work primarily
out of the Companys offices located in New York, New York, subject to the Companys remote work policy applicable to employees
of the Company as in effect from time to time; provided, however, that the Executive may be required from time to time to
work in the Companys offices more frequently than set forth in such remote work policy as may be reasonably requested by the Companys
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) as the business needs of the Company may necessitate; provided, further,
that the Executive understands and agrees that reasonable travel, at the Companys cost, as applicable, may be required from time
to time for business reasons.

(b)Duties. The Executive shall report directly to the CEO who shall allocate duties and responsibilities to the Executive commensurate
with his position, and the Executives principal duties, responsibilities and authorities shall be those customarily afforded to
similarly situated chief operating officers as are reasonably consistent with his position and role, including, but not limited to, corporate
development, business strategy, stakeholder engagement and investor outreach oversight, and financial planning and analysis (e.g., planning,
forecasting, budgeting, and analytical activities that support the Companys major business decisions), and such other matters assigned
to Executive by the CEO. At all times during the Term (as defined below), the Executive shall adhere in all material respects to all of
the Companys policies, rules and regulations governing the conduct of its executives that apply to the Executive and have been
previously provided to him, including without limitation, any compliance manual, code of ethics, employee handbook or other policies adopted
by the Company from time to time; provided, however, that in any conflict between this Agreement and any policies, rules
or regulations, this Agreement shall control.

(c)Extent of Services. Except for illnesses and vacation periods, the Executive shall devote substantially all of his business
time and attention to the performance of his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive
may (i) participate or hold directorships in charitable, academic or community activities, and in trade or professional organizations,
and (ii) manage his and/or his familys passive personal investments; provided that all of the Executives activities outside
of the Executives duties to the Company, individually or in the aggregate, comply with the Companys conflict of interest
practices.

2.TERM.
Subject to the provisions of Section 5 herein, Executive shall be an at-will employee, and this Agreement and the Executives
employment shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by the
Executive or Company. Term shall mean the actual duration of the Executives employment hereunder, taking
into account early termination of employment pursuant to Section 5.

3.COMPENSATION.

(a)Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive a base salary (the Base Salary), which shall be payable
in periodic installments according to the Companys normal payroll practices. The initial Base Salary shall be at the annual rate
of $415,000, effective as of January 1, 2025. The Company shall review the Base Salary at least once during the first ninety (90) days
of each calendar year to determine whether the Base Salary should be increased (but not decreased). For purposes of this Agreement, the
term Base Salary shall mean the annual rate established and adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Section 3.

(b)Annual Bonus. The Executive shall be eligible to receive a performance-based annual cash bonus (each an Annual
Bonus) for each completed calendar year during the Term, with a threshold amount of 100% of Base Salary, a target amount of
181% of Base Salary, and a maximum amount of 250% of Base Salary as determined by the CEO with respect to individual performance goals,
in good faith, based solely on the Executives performance and the Companys performance during the calendar year. For future
years, the Companys annual bonus program shall be administered and may be adjusted by the Board (or a committee thereof) consistent
with this subsection. The Executives individual performance goals for any such year will be set in good faith, after consultation
with the Executive and will be communicated to the Executive no later than ninety (90) days following commencement of the performance
year. The Annual Bonus for calendar year 2025 and future years will be paid in fully vested cash, subject to certification by the compensation
committee of such performance. The Annual Bonus for a fiscal year shall be paid as soon as possible following the end of the fiscal year
when bonuses are paid to similarly situated executives, but in no event later than March 15th of the year following the year
to which the Annual Bonus relates. Other than as set forth in Section 6, the Executive must be employed by the Company or an affiliate
of the Company on the date such Annual Bonus is paid to be eligible to receive the Annual Bonus for such year.

2

(c)Long-Term Incentive Compensation. During the Term, the Executive will be granted equity and equity-based awards under the
Companys long-term incentive compensation plans on an annual basis (LTIP). The LTIP awards for each fiscal
year shall each have target amounts and other terms and conditions determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee in good faith.
The LTIP awards target amounts shall be consistent with awards then made to other similarly situated executives of the Company. The LTIP
awards shall be granted pursuant to time-vesting awards (Time-Based Awards) and performance-vesting awards (Performance-Based
Awards, and together with the Time-Based Awards, the LTIP Awards) with (i) the ratio of the Time-Based
Awards and Performance-Based Awards and (ii) the performance objectives for the Performance-Based Awards to be no less favorable than
those applicable to long-term incentive awards granted under the LTIP to other similarly situated senior executives of the Company as
determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee in good faith. The LTIP Awards shall be granted no later than March 30th of each
year during the Term. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and any LTIP Awards granted under the LTIP in fiscal year
2025 or otherwise during the Term, then notwithstanding anything in such LTIP award agreement or plan to the contrary, this Agreement
shall control, provided, that, if the provision giving rise to the inconsistency in such other LTIP award agreement or plan would be more
favorable to Executive then such inconsistency will be resolved in a manner that is most favorable to Executive.

4.BENEFITS.

(a)Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation per full calendar year, which shall accrue in
accordance with the Companys vacation policy as in effect from time to time.

(b)Sick and Personal Days. The Executive shall be entitled to sick and personal days pursuant to Company policy.

(c)Employee Benefit Plans. The Executive will be eligible for and entitled to participate in any Company sponsored employee
benefit plans maintained for the Companys senior executives, including but not limited to benefits such as group health, life and
long-term disability insurance and a 401(k) plan, as such benefits may be offered from time to time on a basis no less favorable than
that applicable to other similarly situated senior executives of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may modify or
terminate any employee benefit plan at any time provided that any such modification or termination will not disproportionately disfavor
the Executive relative to other senior executives.

3

(d)Other Benefits.

(i)INDEMNIFICATION; DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE. The Company shall, consistent with the terms below, indemnify the Executive
for all costs, charges, damages, or expenses incurred or sustained by the Executive in connection with any demand, action, suit, or proceeding
(Claims) to which the Executive may be made a party by reason of the Executive being or having been an officer, director,
or employee of the Company, or any of their affiliates, to the maximum extent permitted by New York law. The Executives right to
indemnification from the Company pursuant to the preceding sentence does not apply, however, to any Claim (other than a derivative Claim)
brought by the Company, against the Executive, or by the Executive against the Company, (excluding any Claim brought in defense of an
indemnifiable Claim or to enforce any right to indemnification as contemplated in the previous sentence.). For the avoidance of doubt,
nothing in this Section 4(d) shall limit any right to indemnity the Executive may have under (x) the organizational documents or By-Laws
of any of the Company. The Executive shall notify the Company within five (5) business days of any Claim, and the Company shall be entitled
to assume the defense with counsel selected by the Company; provided, however, that the Executive shall have the right to
employ counsel to represent him (at the Companys expense) if Company counsel would have a conflict of interest (as determined by
Company counsel) in representing both the Company and the Executive. The Company agrees to advance fees and expenses reasonably incurred
by the Executive in connection with any Claim if it has chosen not to assume the defense of that Claim or if the Executive retains separate
counsel because the Companys counsel has determined there is a conflict of interest. The Executive agrees to cooperate with the
Companys efforts to obtain insurance coverage, or to get indemnified or recovery from another source, for any costs, charges, damages,
or expenses incurred in the Executives defense. During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to directors and officers insurance
coverage for his acts and omissions while serving as an officer, director or trustee of the Company on a basis no less favorable to the
Executive than the coverage provided generally to the other officers, directors and trustees of the Company. Additionally, after any termination
of employment of the Executives employment for any reason, for a period through the sixth anniversary of the termination of employment,
the Company shall maintain directors and officers insurance coverage for the Executive covering his acts or omissions while an officer,
director or trustee of the Company on a basis no less favorable to the Executive than the coverage generally provided to the other current
or former officers, directors and/or trustees. The obligations of this clause (i) shall survive termination of employment and/or this
Agreement for any or no reason.

(ii)EXPENSES. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement of all reasonable business expenses, in accordance with the Companys
policy as in effect from time to time and on a basis no less favorable than applicable generally to other similarly situated executives
of the Company, including, without limitation, a cell phone and business (or reasonably equivalent) class travel for flights of a minimum
of two hours, promptly after the presentation by the Executive of appropriate documentation.

5.TERMINATION. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the employment of the Executive by the
Company shall terminate immediately upon his death, the Company shall have the right to and may, in the exercise of its discretion, terminate
the Executive at any time by reason of Disability, or with Cause or without Cause, and the Executive shall have the right to and may,
in the exercise of his discretion, voluntarily resign for any reason or terminate his employment for Good Reason, subject to the provisions
set forth below:

(a)Death; Disability. The employment of the Executive by the Company shall terminate immediately upon death of the Executive
or immediately upon the giving of written notice by the Company to the Executive of his termination due to Disability. As used in this
Agreement, Disabled shall mean disabled under the Companys long term disability plan as in effect
for similarly situated executives (or if none, the Executives inability to perform his duties to the Company due to any sickness,
injury or disability for a consecutive period of one hundred and eighty (180) days or an aggregate amount of one hundred and eighty (180)
days in any twelve (12) consecutive month period. A determination of Disabled shall be made by a physician satisfactory
to both the Executive and the Company, provided, that if the Executive and the Company do not agree on a physician, the Executive and
the Company shall each select a physician and these two together shall select a third physician, whose determination as to Disabled shall
be binding on all parties, and which cost, in any such case, shall be paid entirely by the Company. The temporary appointment of one or
more individuals to carry out the offices or duties of the Executive during a period of the Executives inability to perform such
duties and pending a determination of Disabled shall not be considered a breach of this Agreement by the Company.

4

(b)With Cause. The employment of the Executive by the Company shall terminate at the election of the Company immediately upon
the giving of written notice by the Company to the Executive of his termination with Cause, subject to the terms of this Section 5(b).
For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause means that the Executive: (i) has been convicted of, or entered a
plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony (excluding any felony relating to the negligent operation of an automobile),
(ii) has intentionally failed to substantially perform (other than by reason of illness or temporary disability) the Executives
reasonably assigned material duties, (iii) has engaged in (x) willful misconduct or (y) gross negligence in the performance of the Executives
duties, (iv) has engaged in conduct that materially violated the Companys then existing written internal policies or procedures
that apply to the Executive and were provided to him prior to the violation, or (v) has materially breached the restrictive covenants
in effect between the Executive and the Company; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (iii)(y) or (iv) and, to
the extent curable, clause (v) above, Cause shall not exist unless the Executive fails to remedy to the reasonable satisfaction
of the CEO or Board such act, omission or condition, within thirty (30) days after the Executive receives from the CEO or Board written
notice that sets forth in reasonable detail the basis for the CEO or Boards belief that Cause exists and which, to
the extent curable, sets forth a reasonable plan of corrective action. For purposes hereof, no act or omission shall be deemed to be willful
or intentional (i) if such act or omission was taken (or omitted) (x) in the good faith belief that such is in the best
interests of, or not opposed to the best interests of, the Company or (y) at the direction of the CEO or the Board or (ii) if such act
or omission resulted from the Executives physical or mental incapacity. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to attain performance
objectives or financial goals shall not constitute Cause hereunder. No grounds purporting to constitute Cause hereunder shall constitute
Cause if the CEO or Board fails to notify the Executive of such purported grounds with one (1) year of the Board first becoming aware
of such purported grounds.

(c)Without Cause; Voluntary Resignation. The employment of the Executive by the Company and this Agreement shall terminate
at the election of the Company without Cause, and at the election of the Executive for any reason other than Good Reason (Voluntary
Resignation), in either case upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Executive or the Company, as the case may be.

(d)Good Reason. The employment of the Executive shall terminate at the election of the Executive for Good Reason subject to
the terms of this Section 5(d). For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following
occurring without the Executives written consent: (i) any reduction in the amount of the Executives base salary or threshold,
target, or maximum annual bonus opportunity; (ii) any adverse change in the Executives title, position, reporting structure, or
role or any material diminution in the Executives duties, authorities, or responsibilities in a manner which is materially inconsistent
with the position the Executive holds (including, without limitation, a change in reporting structure); (iii) the Company requiring the
Executive to be based at any location other the location in which the Executive works as of the Grant Date, and that materially increases
the Executives commute; (iv) any material breach by the Company of any material term or provision of this Agreement, any Company
equity award agreement, or any plan document with respect to any such award, or (v) failure to require any successor of the Company to
assume and perform this Agreement; provided, however, that none of the events described in the foregoing clauses (i) through
(iv) shall constitute Good Reason unless the Executive has notified the Company in writing describing the events that constitute Good
Reason within thirty (30) calendar days following the actual knowledge by the Executive of the occurrence of such events and then only
if the Company fails to cure such events within thirty (30) calendar days after the Companys receipt of such written notice, and
the Executive shall have terminated the Executives employment with the Company within thirty (30) calendar days following the expiration
of such cure period.

5

(e)Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executives employment by the Company or by the Executive (other than
termination pursuant to death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto in accordance with this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which shall indicate the specific
termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide
a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the provision so indicated.

(f)Date of Termination. The Date of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executives employment is
terminated by his death, the date of his death, (ii) if the Executives employment is terminated pursuant to Disability or for Cause,
the date of delivery of the Notice of Termination unless otherwise specified in such notice, or (iii) if the Executives employment
is terminated for any other reason the date set forth in such notice of termination. In the event that the Executive provides the Company
with notice of termination pursuant to Section 5(c), the Company will have the option to place the Executive on paid administrative leave
during such notice period (provided that such pay shall include full pay and benefits, including continued vesting of equity).

6.EFFECTS OF TERMINATION.

(a)Death or Termination by the Company for Disability. If the employment of the Executive should terminate due to his death
or at the election of the Company due to Disability, then the Company will pay or provide to the Executive (or his estate, if applicable):

(i)any earned and accrued but unpaid installment of Base Salary through the Date of Termination payable in accordance with the Companys
normal payroll practices;

(ii)reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Date of Termination in accordance with Sections 4(d)
and 13(l)(ii);

(iii)all other applicable payments or benefits to which the Executive shall be entitled under, and paid or provided in accordance with,
the terms of any applicable arrangement, plan or program under Section 4(c) through the Date of Termination, including, without
limitation, accrued but unused vacation time (collectively, Sections 6(a)(i) through 6(a)(iii), payable in accordance with
this Section 6(a), shall be hereafter referred to as the Accrued Benefits);

6

(iv)any earned (but for any continuing employment conditions) but unpaid Annual Bonus for the year prior to the year in which the Date
of Termination occurs, calculated based on actual performance and paid in cash on a fully vested basis when bonuses are paid to similarly
situated employees;

(v)an Annual Bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, at the target level, (A) paid in a lump sum in cash on a
fully vested basis when bonuses are paid to similarly situated employees and (B) pro-rated based on the proportion of the fiscal year
the Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination occurs (collectively, Sections 6(a)(iv)
and 6(a)(v) shall hereafter be referred to as the Additional Benefits);

(vi)if the Executive (or the Executives eligible dependents) timely and properly elects health continuation coverage under the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), reimbursements for the monthly COBRA premiums paid
by the Executive for himself and his dependents (as reformed in accordance with this clause to comply with the ACA as necessary, the COBRA
Benefits) until the eighteen (18)-month anniversary of the Date of Termination, provided, however, if the Companys
making such reimbursement payments would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the Affordable
Care Act (the ACA), or result in the imposition of penalties under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance
promulgated thereunder, the parties agree to reform this provision in a manner as is necessary to comply with the ACA without increased
cost to the Executive; and

(vii)subject to Sections 6(f) and 13(l)(iv) and (v), (1) accelerated vesting of all time-based equity or
equity-based awards and accelerated vesting of all performance-based equity or equity-based awards subject, with respect to performance
based awards, to the actual achievement of the performance metrics for such equity or equity-based awards measured at the end of the applicable
performance period(s) (collectively, the Vesting Benefits).

(b)Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason. If the employment of the Executive should
terminate at the election of the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason and other than pursuant to Section 6(a)
above or pursuant to Section 6(c) below, then the Company shall pay or provide to the Executive:

(i)the Accrued Benefits;

(ii)the Additional Benefits;

(iii)the COBRA Benefits, until the earliest of (i) the twelve (12)-month anniversary of the Date of Termination, (ii) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage, and (iii) the date on which the Executive receives substantially similar
coverage from another employer or other source; provided, however, if the Companys making such reimbursement payments
would violate the nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans under the ACA or result in the imposition of penalties
under the ACA and the related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, the parties agree to reform this provision in a manner
as is necessary to comply with the ACA without increased cost to the Executive;

7

(iv)subject to Sections 6(f) and 13(l)(iv) and (v), the Vesting Benefits; and

(v)subject to Sections 6(f) and 13(l)(iv) and (v), cash severance equal to the sum of (A) 200% of the
Executives Base Salary at the annualized rate in effect on the Date of Termination (prior to any reduction) and (B) 200% of the
Executives Target Annual Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (the Severance Payments),
paid to the Executive in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll cycle over a period of
twelve (12) consecutive months immediately following the Date of Termination, with the first installment payable on (or within ten (10)
days following) the sixtieth (60th) day after the Date of Termination and to include each such installment that was otherwise
(but for the sixty (60)-day delay) scheduled to be paid following the Date of Termination and prior to the date of such payment;

(c)Termination by the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason in Connection With a Change in Control. If
the employment of the Executive should terminate at the election of the Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason and
other than pursuant to Section 6(a) above within the Change in Control Period (as defined below), then the Company
shall pay or provide to the Executive:

(i)the Accrued Benefits;

(ii)the Additional Benefits;

(iii)the COBRA Benefits set forth in Section 6(a)(vi);

(iv)subject to Sections 6(f) and 13(l)(iv) and (v), the Vesting Benefits; and

(v)subject to Sections 6(f) and 13(l)(iv) and (v), cash severance equal to the sum of (A) 300% of the
Executives Base Salary at the annualized rate in effect on the Date of Termination (prior to any reduction) and (B) 300% of the
Executives target Annual Bonus for the calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs (the CIC Severance Payments),
paid to the Executive in a lump sum on (to the extent such Change in Control constitutes a permissible payment event under Code Section
409A, or if not constituting such an event, in installments over a twelve (12) consecutive months period following the Date of Termination,
with the first installment payable on (or within ten (10) days following) the sixtieth (60th) day after the Date of Termination
(with any such installments including each such installment that was otherwise (but for the sixty (60) day delay) scheduled to be paid
following the Date of Termination and prior to the date of such payment). In the event that a termination for which termination benefits
are payable under Section 6(b) is followed by a Change in Control such that CIC Severance Payments are due under this Section
6(c), the Company will make a true up payment with the first severance payment following such Change in Control equal to the shortfall
of the payments that would have been payable to the Executive had the termination been subject to this Section 6(c).

8

For purposes of this Section 6(c), Change
in Control Period means the four (4)-month period commencing immediately preceding a Change in Control (as defined below) through
the eighteen (18) -month period immediately following a Change in Control (provided that if during the Change in Control Period, a transaction
is signed which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control, then the Change in Control Period shall be extended until the date
of the consummation of such transaction).

For purposes of this Agreement, Change
in Control shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan.

(d)By the Company for Cause, or Voluntary Resignation by the Executive. In the event that the Executives employment
is terminated during the Term by the Company for Cause or the Executives employment is terminated during the Term by a Voluntary
Resignation other than Good Reason, the Company shall pay the Executive the Accrued Benefits, and the Company shall have no further obligations
to the Executive under this Agreement.

(e)Intentionally Omitted.

(f)Release. Payments by the Company required under this Section 6 following termination or expiration of the Executives
employment for any reason (other than payments of the Accrued Benefits) shall be conditioned on and shall not be payable unless the Company
receives from the Executive within sixty (60) days of the Date of Termination a fully effective and non-revocable written release substantially
in the form attached as Annex C to this Agreement (the General Release).

(g)Termination of Authority. Immediately upon the Executive terminating or being terminated from his employment with the Company
for any reason, notwithstanding anything else appearing in this Agreement or otherwise, the Executive will stop serving the functions
of his terminated or expired position(s) and shall be without any of the authority or responsibility for such position(s).

(h)No Mitigation or Offset. No termination payments under this Section 6 shall be subject to mitigation or offset.

9

7.CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

(a)The Executive shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, publicly disclose, reveal, divulge or communicate to any Person
any Confidential Information; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not restrict the Executive or its Affiliates from
(i) disclosing (under appropriate obligations of confidentiality) Confidential Information to the extent necessary to enforce and exercise
his rights under this Agreement, (ii) disclosing Confidential Information to the extent necessary in connection with the Executives
employment, service as a director or consulting services for any GNL Group Company, if applicable, (iii) disclosing Confidential Information
in confidence to his financial, tax and legal advisors who are bound by similar confidentiality obligations and (iv) shall not have any
obligation to keep confidential any Confidential Information if and to the extent disclosure thereof is required by applicable law or
requested by a governmental authority; provided, however, that in the event disclosure is required by applicable law or
requested by a governmental authority, the Executive shall to the extent legally permissible and practicable provide the Company with
prompt notice of such requirement prior to making any disclosure so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order at its own
cost or waive compliance with the provisions of this Section 7, provided that no such notice shall be required under circumstances
where a notice requirement would be deemed to violate applicable law. The Company (on behalf of itself and each GNL Group Company) acknowledges
that Confidential Information may enhance the Executives and his Affiliates and his representatives knowledge and
understanding of the industry of the GNL Group Companies in a way that cannot be separated from such Persons other knowledge and
the Company (on behalf of itself and each GNL Group Company) agrees that, so long as Confidential Information is not disclosed in violation
of this Agreement, neither the Executive nor any of his Affiliates or representatives will be deemed to have violated this Agreement to
the extent Residual Information (as defined below) is used in the ordinary course by the Executive, any of his Affiliates or his representatives
in connection with their ongoing business.

(b)Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the Executive from (i) disclosing information and documents when required by law,
subpoena or court order, (ii) disclosing information and documents to the Executives attorney, financial or tax advisor for
the purpose of securing legal, financial or tax advice, (iii) disclosing the Executives post-employment restrictions in this
Agreement in confidence to any potential new employer, or (iv) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations to, or participating
or cooperating with any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department
of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Congress, or any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected
under the whistleblower, anti-discrimination, or anti-retaliation provisions of federal, state or local law or regulation (provided, however,
that the Executive may not disclose information of the Company or any of its Affiliates that is protected by the attorney-client privilege,
except as otherwise required by law) and the Executive does not need the authorization of the Company to make any such reports or
disclosure and shall not be required to notify the Company that the Executive has made such reports or disclosures.

(c)The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has the following immunity rights in compliance with the requirements of the Defend
Trade Secrets Act: (i) the Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for
the disclosure of Confidential Information that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, (ii) the Executive shall not be held criminally
or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of Confidential Information that is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal, and (iii) if the Executive files a lawsuit
for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Confidential Information to
the Executives attorney and use the Confidential Information in the court proceeding, if the Executive files any document containing
the Confidential Information under seal, and does not disclose the Confidential Information, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in
this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1836(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that
are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1836(b).

10

8.COVENANTS.

(a)Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation. During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates
not to, directly or indirectly through any Person or contractual arrangement:

(i)manage, operate, advise or consult for, render services to, run, control or externally manage any Restricted Business in the Restricted
Territory; provided, however, that the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall in no way be deemed to restrict the
Executive or his Affiliates from (i) serving as an employee, officer, director or other service provider of any GNL Group Company or (ii)
owning, directly or indirectly up to 2% of any class of securities of any public entity, or (iii) passively investing in real estate or
any collective investment vehicle not managed by the Executive that owns real estate or a Restricted Business; provided, that the
Executive does not personally engage in, or provide any services for use in, the Restricted Business; provided, further, that in the event
that a Person is engaged, among other businesses, in the Restricted Business, the Executive shall not be prohibited for providing services,
managing, operating, advising, or consulting for such Person so long as the Executive is not doing so for the Restricted Business;

(ii) employ, hire, enter into an agency or consulting relationship with or recruit or solicit for employment any employee of a GNL Group
Company (Restricted Service Providers); provided, that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) Restricted Service
Providers who ceased to be employed by a GNL Group Company at least six (6) months prior to any solicitation by, and the commencement
of any discussions with, the Executive or any of its Affiliates; and (ii) any general solicitations (and resulting hires) not targeted
at Restricted Service Providers (including through the use of recruiting firms or advertisements in any newspaper, magazine, trade publication,
electronic medium or other media); or

(iii) encourage any customer, Prospective Customer or supplier who is a customer, Prospective Customer or supplier of any GNL Group Company
to terminate or adversely modify any relationship with a GNL Group Company, provided, that in each case the Executive had or should have
had knowledge of such Prospective Customer.

(b)Non-Disparagement. The Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, make, and shall not cause or direct any of his Affiliates
to publicly make any negative, derogatory, disparaging, or untrue comments, communications or statements, whether written or oral about
any of the Company or its Affiliates, or any officer, director, shareholder, manager or member thereof (collectively, GNL Protected
Persons) or the business, management, operations or strategies of the GNL Protected Persons and each GNL Group Company shall
not and shall instruct its directors or officers not to publicly make any negative, derogatory, disparaging or untrue comments, communications
or statements, whether written or oral about the Executive or any of his Affiliates and any officer, director, shareholder, manager or
member thereof (collectively, the Executives Protected Persons) or the business, management, operations or
strategies of any the Executives Protected Persons. Disparaging comments or statements include such comments or statements
which discredit, ridicule or defame any Person or entity or impair the reputation, goodwill or commercial interest thereof. Nothing in
this Section 8(b) shall limit the Executive, any GNL Group Company, or their respective Affiliates ability to make true
and accurate statements, as required by applicable laws, to a governmental authority or otherwise make any true and accurate statements
as part of litigation, arbitration, regulatory or administrative proceeding, to rebut in good faith untruthful statements made by a person
affiliated with the Company, or from making statements in the good faith performance of his duties for the Company.

11

(c)Acknowledgement. The Executive acknowledges that he will acquire Confidential Information concerning the past, present and
future business of the Company as the result of his employment, as well as access to the relationships between the Company and its clients
and employees. The Executive further acknowledges that the business of the Company is very competitive and that competition by him in
that business during his employment, or after his employment terminates, would severely injure the Company. The Executive understands
and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Section 8 are reasonable and are required for the Companys legitimate
protection, and do not unduly limit his ability to earn a livelihood. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he shall share the post-employment
restrictions set forth in this Agreement prior to commencement of employment with any prospective employer that could reasonably be expected
to be engaged in a Restricted Business.

(d)Rights and Remedies upon Breach. The parties acknowledge and agrees that any breach of a partys obligations under
any of the provisions of Sections 7, 8 or 9 hereof (the Protective Covenants) may result in
irreparable injury and damage for which money damages may not provide an adequate remedy. Therefore, notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, including, without limitation, Section 10 hereof, if either party breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any
of the provisions of the Protective Covenants, the nonbreaching (or non-threatening) party shall have the following rights and remedies,
each of which rights and remedies shall be independent of the other and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall
be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to such nonbreaching (non-threatening) party, under law
or in equity (including, without limitation, the recovery of damages):

(i)the right and remedy to seek to have the Protective Covenants specifically enforced (without posting bond and without the need
to prove damages) by any court of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the right to an entry against the breaching (or
threatening) party of restraining orders and injunctions (preliminary, mandatory, temporary and permanent) against violations, threatened
or actual, and whether or not then continuing, of such covenants; and

(ii)the right and remedy to seek to require the breaching (or threatening) party to account for and pay over to the other party all
compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits derived or received by such party solely as the result of any transactions
constituting a breach of the Protective Covenants.

(e)If any court or other decision-maker of competent jurisdiction determines that any of the Protective Covenants, or any part thereof,
is unenforceable because of the duration, scope of activities or geographical scope of such provision, then, after such determination
has become final and unappealable, the duration or scope of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced so that such provision
becomes enforceable and, in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced.

12

(f)Extension of Time. If the Executive violates any provision of this Agreement with respect to Protective Covenants as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction as to which there is a specific time period during which the Executive is prohibited from taking
certain actions or from engaging in certain activities, as set forth in such provision, then such violation shall toll the running of
such time period for such provision, and such provision only, from the date of such violation until such violation shall cease and shall
extend the time period set for in this Agreement so long as the Executive remains in violation.

(g)Definitions. For purposes of Section 7 and Section 8, the following capitalized terms shall have the respective
meanings set forth below:

(i)Affiliate of a Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such
first Person.

(ii)Competitive Entity means a Person wholly or partially engaged in the Restricted Business.

(iii)Confidential Information means all confidential and proprietary information relating to any GNL Group Company
or their respective businesses, products, markets, condition (financial or other), operations, assets, liabilities, results of operations,
cash flows or prospects, which is considered confidential or proprietary information and is maintained as such within the GNL Group Company,
through agreements with relevant Persons, policies and/or other appropriate safeguards against disclosure, other than information which
(i) is, was or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure in violation of this Agreement, (ii) was
or is developed by the Executive without the use of the Confidential Information or (iii) was, is or becomes available to the Executive
or any of his Affiliates or any of their respective representatives on a non-confidential basis from a third party not known by such Person
to be in breach of any legal obligation of confidentiality to the GNL Group Company not to disclose such information. For the avoidance
of doubt, Confidential Information shall not include the Executives contact list.

(iv)GNL Group Company means the Company and any company or other legal entity that is an Affiliate of the Company,
determined from time to time.

(v)Person means a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint stock company, trust,
joint venture, unincorporated organization, governmental entity or other entity.

(vi)Prospective Customer means any Person or individual whom any GNL Group Company has had any material negotiations
or material discussions as of the Date of Termination (unless such discussions or negotiations have been abandoned) regarding the engagement
of business and with whom the Executive had material contact during the Executives employment with the Company or with respect
to which the Executive directly supervised employees having such material contact.

(i)Residual Information means information about the industry in which the GNL Group Companies operate retained
in the unaided memories of individuals associated with the Executive, his Affiliates or any of his representatives without reference to
written or electronic information that is not proprietary information that specifically relates to any GNL Group Company.

13

(vii)Restricted Business means (i) any business that has as its primary investment strategy the acquisition of
any properties of any type or asset class that represents at least 10% of the portfolio of the Company and (ii) any other business that
represents at least 10% of the portfolio of the Company that any GNL Group Company is engaged in as of the Date of Termination.

(viii)Restricted Period means the Term and the twelve (12)-month period commencing from and after the Executives
Date of Termination.

(ix)Restricted Territory means North America, Germany, Guernsey, Italy, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Finland,
Luxembourg and any other material location where any GNL Group Company is engaged in the Restricted Business as of the Date of Termination.

9.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. The Executive shall promptly disclose to the Company or any successor or assign, and grant to the
Company and its successors and assigns without any separate remuneration or compensation other than that received by him in the course
of his employment, his entire right, title and interest in and to any and all inventions, developments, discoveries, models, or business
plans or opportunities, or any other intellectual property of any type or nature whatsoever (Intellectual Property),
developed by him during the period of, and in connection with, his employment by the Company and whether developed by him during or after
business hours, or alone or in connection with others, that is in any way related to the business of the Company, its successors or assigns.
This provision shall not apply to books or articles authored by the Executive during non-work hours, consistent with his obligations under
this Agreement, so long as such books or articles (a) are not funded in whole or in part by the Company, and (b) do not contain any Confidential
Information or Intellectual Property of the Company. The Executive agrees, at the Companys expense, to take all steps necessary
or proper to vest title to all such Intellectual Property in the Company, and cooperate fully and assist the Company in any litigation
or other proceedings involving any such Intellectual Property.

10.ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (ADR) POLICY AND PROCEDURE.

(a)Coverage. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, this ADR Policy and Procedure is the sole
and exclusive method by which the Executive and the Company are required to resolve any and all disputes arising out of or related to
the Executives employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, each of which is referred to as Employment-Related
Dispute, including, but not limited to, disputes arising out of or related to any of the following subjects:

Compensation or other terms or conditions of the Executives employment;

14

Application or enforcement of any Company program or policy to the Executive;

Any
disciplinary action or other adverse employment decision of the Company or any statement related to the Executives employment,
performance or termination;

Any
policy of the Company or any agreement between the Executive and the Company;

Disputes
over the arbitrability of any controversy or claim which arguably is or may be subject to this ADR Policy and Procedure;

Claims arising out of or related to any current or future federal, state or local civil rights laws, fair employment laws, wage
and hour laws, fair labor or employment standards laws, laws against discrimination, equal pay laws, wage and salary payment laws, plant
or facility closing or layoff laws, laws in regard to employment benefits or protections, family and medical leave laws, and whistleblower
laws, including by way of example, but not limited to, the federal Civil Rights Acts of 1866, 1871, 1964 and 1991, the Pregnancy Discrimination
Act of 1978, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, the Americans
with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1978, as they
have been or may be amended from time to time; or

Any
other dispute arising out of or related to the Executives employment or its termination.

(b)Step 1: Negotiation. The Executive and the Company shall attempt in good faith to negotiate a resolution of any Employment-Related
Dispute.

(c)Step 2: Mediation. If an Employment-Related Dispute cannot be settled through negotiation and remains unresolved 15 days
after it is asserted, the Executive or the Company may submit the dispute to mediation and the parties shall attempt in good faith to
resolve the dispute by mediation, under the mediation procedure of JAMS or the American Arbitration Association (AAA).
The choice of the JAMS or AAA mediation procedure shall be made by the party initiating mediation. Unless the Parties agree otherwise
in writing, the mediation shall be conducted by a single mediator, and the mediator shall be selected from an appropriate JAMS or AAA
panel pursuant to the JAMS or AAA rules, respectively. The mediation shall be conducted in New York City, New York. Unless the Parties
agree otherwise, the cost of the mediators professional fees and expenses and any reasonable administrative fee will be shared
and paid equally by the Parties, and each Party shall bear its own attorneys fees and costs of the mediation.

15

(d)Step 3: Binding Arbitration. If an Employment-Related Dispute cannot be settled through mediation and remains unresolved
the shorter of 45 days after the appointment of the mediator or 5 days after the aforementioned first mediation hearing, the Executive
or the Company may submit the dispute to arbitration and the dispute shall be settled in arbitration by a single arbitrator in accordance
with the applicable rules for arbitration of employment disputes of JAMS or the AAA in effect at the time of the submission to arbitration.
The choice of JAMS or AAA arbitration rules shall be made by the Party initiating arbitration. The arbitration shall be kept confidential
and shall be conducted in the city and state in which the Company office is located in which the Executive work(ed). The arbitrator shall
not have the authority to alter or amend any lawful policy, procedure or practice of the Company or agreement to which the Company is
a party or the substantive rights or defenses of either Party under any statute, contract, constitution or common law. Each Party shall
be responsible for its own attorneys fees and other costs, fees and expenses, if any, with respect to its conduct of the arbitration.
The administrative cost of the arbitration, including any reasonable administrative fee and arbitrators fees and expenses, shall
be shared equally and paid by the Parties. The arbitrator is expressly empowered to award reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
to the prevailing party as well as all other remedies to which either party would be entitled if the dispute were resolved in court. The
decision and award of the arbitrator is final and binding. The arbitrator shall promptly issue a written decision in support of his award.
Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, and the award may be confirmed
and enforced in any such court. The Federal Arbitration Act or any applicable state law shall govern the application and enforcement of
the provisions of this Section 10.

(e)Provisional Remedies. The Executive or the Company may file a complaint or commence a court action to obtain an injunction
to enforce the provisions of this ADR Policy and Procedure, or to seek a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction or other
provisional relief to maintain the status quo or in aid of or pending the application or enforcement of this ADR Policy and Procedure.
Despite such complaint or action, the parties shall continue to participate in good faith in this ADR Policy and Procedure.

(f)Administrative Agencies. Nothing in this ADR Policy and Procedure is intended to prevent the Executive from filing a complaint
or charge with any administrative agency, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National
Labor Relations Board.

(g)At-Will Employment/Waiver of Jury or Court Trial. This ADR Policy and Procedure does not alter the terms and conditions
of the Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement. Nothing in this ADR Policy and Procedure limits in any way the Executives
right or the Companys right to terminate the Executives employment at any time consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
This ADR Policy and Procedure does not require the Executive or Company to start the arbitration process before taking action of any kind,
including without limitation the termination of the Executives employment. This Policy waives any right that the Executive or the
Company may have to a jury trial or a court trial of any Employment-Related Dispute (except as provided above in Sections 9 or
10(e) for a court to issue provisional or equitable remedies).

(h)ADR Agreement and Savings Provision.

(i) The
Executive and the Company agree that this ADR Policy and Procedure shall mandatorily apply and be the sole and exclusive method by which
both the Executive and the Company are required to resolve any and all Employment-Related Disputes, to the fullest extent permitted and
not prohibited or restricted by law.

16

(ii)Should
any provision of this ADR Policy and Procedure be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Executive and the Company agree that it
shall be deemed to be modified so that its purpose can lawfully be effectuated and the balance of this ADR Policy and Procedure shall
remain in full force and effect. The Executive and the Company further agree that the provisions of this ADR Policy and Procedure shall
be deemed severable and the invalidity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the provisions of this Section 10.

11.COOPERATION
IN FUTURE MATTERS. The Executive hereby agrees that for a period of eighteen (18) months following his termination of employment,
he shall cooperate fully with the Companys reasonable requests relating to matters that pertain to the Executives employment
by the Company, including, without limitation, providing information or limited consultation as to such matters, participating in legal
proceedings, investigations or audits on behalf of the Company, or otherwise making himself reasonably available to the Company for other
related purposes. Any such cooperation shall be performed at scheduled times taking into consideration the Executives other commitments
and all reasonable out of pocket costs incurred by the Executive shall be fully paid by the Company. The Executive shall not be required
to perform such cooperation to the extent it conflicts with any requirements of exclusivity of services for another employer or otherwise,
nor in any matter where the Executive is adverse to the Company or any of its affiliates or in any matter in which the Executive has
a good faith belief that it would conflict with his rights under or ability to enforce this Agreement. In connection with such cooperation,
the Company will reimburse costs incurred by the Executive in connection therewith.

12.RETURN OF PROPERTY. On the date of the Executives termination of employment with the Company for any reason (or at
any time prior thereto at the Companys request), the Executive will promptly return all property belonging to the Company or any
of its affiliates, provided, that the Executive may retain his cell phone number, contact list, equity documentation, and calendar (and
the Company will reasonably cooperate with the Executive in transferring same and the Executives personal files to the Executive).

13.GENERAL.

(a)Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing or by written telecommunication, and shall be
deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or if sent by overnight courier or by certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, to the relevant address set forth below, or to such other address as the recipient of such notice or communication shall
have specified in writing to the other party hereto, in accordance with this Section 13(a).

If to the Company, to:

650 Fifth Avenue, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10019

Attn: General Counsel

17

If to the Executive, at his last residence
shown on the records of the Company (with a copy, which shall not constitute notice,

via email to austin.lilling@morganlewis.com).

(b)Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any
law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

(c)Waivers.

(i) No
delay or omission by either party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall impair such right, power or privilege,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege.

(ii)Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Executive shall not be entitled to and the Company shall not be responsible to the Executive
for any remuneration or benefits on behalf of the Executives services to the Company, his employment or the termination of such
employment.

(d)Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. In making proof of this Agreement, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than one such
counterpart. PDF and electronic versions shall constitute originals for all purposes hereunder.

(e)Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Companys successors and assigns and
the Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. This Agreement
shall not be assignable by the Executive, it being understood and agreed that this is a contract for the Executives personal services.
This Agreement shall be assignable by the Company, to a successor to the Companys business or assets, upon notice to the Executive.
When assigned to a successor, the assignee shall assume this Agreement and expressly agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner
and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform it in the absence of such an assignment and the Company shall be released
of all obligations hereunder to the extent consistent with applicable law. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Company
shall include any successor to the Companys business and/or assets that executes and delivers the assumption agreement described
in the immediately preceding sentence or that becomes bound by this Agreement by operation of law.

(f)Entire
Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether
written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof (including, but not limited to, that certain Employment Agreement, dated December
14, 2023, by and between the Company and Executive). This Agreement may not be amended except by a written instrument hereafter signed
by the Executive and the CEO or a duly authorized representative of the Company (other than the Executive).

18

(g)Governing
Law. This Agreement and the performance and enforcement hereof shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York without regard to any choice of law or conflict of law principles, rules or provisions (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York.

(h)Construction. The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their
mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against any party. The headings of sections of this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not affect its meaning or construction. Whenever any word is used herein in one gender, it shall
be construed to include the other gender, and any word used in the singular shall be construed to include the plural in any case in which
it would apply and vice versa.

(i)Payments and Exercise of Rights after Death. Any amounts payable hereunder after the Executives death shall be paid
to the Executives designated beneficiary or beneficiaries, whether received as a designated beneficiary or by will or the laws
of descent and distribution. The Executive may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries for all purposes of this Agreement, and may change
at any time such designation, by notice to the Company making specific reference to this Agreement. If no designated beneficiary survives
the Executive or the Executive fails to designate a beneficiary for purposes of this Agreement prior to his death, all amounts thereafter
due hereunder shall be paid, as and when payable, to his spouse, if such spouse survives the Executive, and otherwise to his estate.

(j)Consultation
with Counsel. The Executive acknowledges that he has had a full and complete opportunity to consult with counsel or other advisors
of his own choosing concerning the terms, enforceability and implications of this Agreement, that the Company has not made any representations
or warranties to the Executive concerning the terms, enforceability and implications of this Agreement other than as are reflected in
this Agreement, and that the Executives execution of this Agreement is knowing and voluntary.

(k)Withholding. Any payments provided for in this Agreement shall be paid net of any applicable tax and other withholdings
required under federal, state, local or foreign law. Regardless of the amount withheld or reported, the Executive
is solely responsible for all taxes in respect of the Executives payments or benefits; except the employers share of employment
taxes.

(l)Section
409A.

(i)Although
the Company does not guarantee the tax treatment of any payments under this Agreement, the intent of the Parties is that the payments
and benefits under this Agreement be exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code), and all Treasury Regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (Code Section 409A)
and to the maximum extent permitted this Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. In no
event whatsoever shall the Company or its affiliates or their respective officers, directors, employees or agents be liable for any additional
tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on the Executive by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section
409A.

19

(ii)Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any reimbursement of expenses constitutes deferred compensation
under Code Section 409A, such reimbursement shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense
was incurred (or, where applicable, no later than such earlier time required by this Agreement). The amount of expenses reimbursed in
one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in
one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year.

(iii)For
purposes of Code Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), the right
to receive payments in the form of installment payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly,
each installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. Whenever a payment under this Agreement may
be paid within a specified period, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the
Company.

(iv)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of Executives separation from service
(as defined in Code Section 409A), Executive is a Specified Employee, then solely to the extent required by Code Section
409A, the Company will defer the payment or commencement of any nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable
upon separation from service (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Executive) until the date
that is six (6) months following separation from service or, if earlier, the earliest other date as is permitted under Code Section 409A,
including the Executives death (and any amounts that otherwise would have been paid during this deferral period will be paid in
a lump sum on the day after the expiration of the six (6) month period or such shorter period, if applicable). Executive will be a Specified
Employee for purposes of this Agreement if, on the date of Executives separation from service, Executive is an individual
who is, under the method of determination adopted by the Company designated as, or within the category of employees deemed to be, a Specified
Employee within the meaning and in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). The Company shall determine in its
sole discretion all matters relating to who is a Specified Employee and the application of and effects of the change in
such determination.

(v)Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes
of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that constitute non-qualified deferred
compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A upon or following a termination of the Executives employment unless
such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such
provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean
separation from service and the date of such separation from service shall be the date of termination for purposes of any
such payment or benefits. In no event shall the timing of the Executives execution of the General Release, directly or indirectly,
result in the Executive designating the calendar year of payment, and if a payment that is deferred compensation subject to Code Section
409A and subject to execution of the General Release could be executed in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made in the later
taxable year.

20

(m)Section
280G. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, if any portion of the payments or benefits under this Agreement, or under
any other agreement with the Executive or plan of the Company or its affiliates (in the aggregate, Total Payments),
would constitute an excess parachute payment and would result in the imposition on the Executive of an excise tax under
Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then the Total Payments to be made to the Executive shall either be (i)
delivered in full, or (ii) delivered in such amount (with contingent consideration being cut back first and any cutbacks being made in
a manner that complies with Code Section 409A) so that no portion of such Total Payments would be subject to the Excise Tax, whichever
of the foregoing results in the receipt by the Executive of the greatest benefit on an after-tax basis (taking into account the applicable
federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax). The determination required by this Section 13(m) shall be made by a
national accounting firm (after taking into account any mitigation provisions including reasonable compensation and valuation of any
restrictive covenants), and the parties hereto shall cooperate in good faith in making such determination and providing any necessary
information for this purpose. Such determination will be made at the sole expense of the Company.

(n)Survival.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to give
maximum effect thereto.

[Signature page follows]

21

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending
to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

GLOBAL NET LEASE, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Weil 

Name: Michael Weil 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Executive 

By: /s/ Ori Kravel 

Ori Kravel 

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

Annex A

Form of General Release
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gnl-20250121.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gnl-20250121_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gnl-20250121_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gnl-20250121_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 21, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-37390

Entity Registrant Name Global
Net Lease, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001526113

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2771978

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 650
Fifth Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 30th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New
York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10019

City Area Code 332

Local Phone Number 265-2020

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series A Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.25%
Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR A

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series B Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.875%
Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR B

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series D Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.50%
Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR D

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series E Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 7.375%
Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNL
PR E

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
6 
23 
1 
false 
5 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://globalnetlease.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gnl-20250121.xsd 
gnl-20250121_def.xml 
gnl-20250121_lab.xml 
gnl-20250121_pre.xml 
tm254303d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-005994-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm254303d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001526113 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001526113 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

0001526113 

us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 

2025-01-21 
2025-01-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001526113 
false 
false 
false 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-21 
Global Net Lease, Inc. 
MD 
001-37390 
45-2771978 
650 Fifth Avenue 
30th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10019 
332 
265-2020 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL 
NYSE 
7.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR A 
NYSE 
6.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR B 
NYSE 
7.50% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR D 
NYSE 
7.375% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, $0.01 par value per share 
GNL PR E 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>