<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-059950.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-059950.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321111348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-059950
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XCEL ENERGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000072903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				410448030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03034
		FILM NUMBER:		25759488

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123305500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		414 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHERN STATES POWER CO /MN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d825268d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

XCEL ENERGY INCfalse000007290300000729032025-03-212025-03-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 21, 2025

Xcel Energy Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Minnesota 001-3034 41-0448030

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

414 Nicollet Mall

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(612)330-5500

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $2.50 par value per share XEL Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

On March 21, 2025, Xcel Energy Inc., a Minnesota corporation (Xcel Energy), issued $350,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028, and $750,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035 (collectively, the notes), pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated March 18, 2025, by and among Xcel Energy and BMO Capital Markets Corp., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein. The notes are being issued pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278797). A prospectus supplement relating to the offering and sale of the notes was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 2025. The notes will be governed by Xcel Energys Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2000, as supplemented, between Xcel Energy and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to Computershare Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, and the Supplemental Indenture No. 19, dated as of March 21, 2025. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to report as exhibits certain documents in connection with that offering and sale for incorporation by reference into the registration statement. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Description

4.01 Supplemental Indenture No. 19, dated as of March 21, 2025 by and between Xcel Energy Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to Computershare Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, creating $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 and $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035. 

5.01 Opinion of Amy L. Schneider regarding the validity of the notes. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Xcel Energy Inc.

(a Minnesota corporation)

By 

/s/ Todd Wehner

Name: Todd Wehner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

Date: March 21, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d825268dex401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.01
<TEXT>
EX-4.01

Exhibit 4.01 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 19 

FROM 

XCEL ENERGY INC.

(a Minnesota corporation) 

TO 

U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as successor to 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., 

Trustee 

DATED AS OF

MARCH 21, 2025 

SUPPLEMENTAL TO INDENTURE 

DATED AS OF DECEMBER 1, 2000 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Parties 1 

Recitals 1 

ARTICLE ONE 

RELATION TO INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.01 Integral Part of Indenture 2 

SECTION 1.02 

(a) 

Definitions 2 

(b) 

References to Articles and Sections 2 

(c) 

Terms Referring to this Supplemental Indenture 2 

ARTICLE TWO 

4.75% SENIOR NOTES, SERIES DUE MARCH 21, 2028 

SECTION 2.01 Designation and Principal Amount 2 

SECTION 2.02 Stated Maturity Date 2 

SECTION 2.03 Interest Payment Dates 2 

SECTION 2.04 Office for Payment 2 

SECTION 2.05 Redemption Provisions 2 

SECTION 2.06 Authorized Denominations 4 

SECTION 2.07 Form of 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 4 

SECTION 2.08 Reopening of Notes due March 21, 2028 4 

ARTICLE THREE 

5.60% SENIOR NOTES, SERIES DUE APRIL 15, 2035 

SECTION 3.01 Designation and Principal Amount 4 

SECTION 3.02 Stated Maturity Date 4 

SECTION 3.03 Interest Payment Dates 4 

SECTION 3.04 Office for Payment 5 

SECTION 3.05 Redemption Provisions 5 

SECTION 3.06 Authorized Denominations 6 

SECTION 3.07 Form of 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035 6 

SECTION 3.08 Reopening of Notes due April 15, 2035 6 

ARTICLE FOUR 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 4.01 Recitals of fact, except as stated, are statements of the Company 7 

SECTION 4.02 Supplemental Indenture to be construed as a part of the Indenture 7 

- i - 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 4.03 

(a) 

Trust Indenture Act to control 7 

(b) 

Severability of provisions contained in Supplemental Indenture and Notes 7 

SECTION 4.04 Reference to either party in Supplemental Indenture include successors or assigns 7 

SECTION 4.05 

(a) 

Provision for execution in counterparts 7 

(b) 

Table of Contents and descriptive headings of Articles not to affect meaning 8 

SECTION 4.06 Waiver of Jury Trial 8 

Exhibit A - Form of 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 A-1 

Exhibit B - Form of 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035 B-1 

- ii - 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE No. 19, made as of the 21st day of March, 2025, by and between XCEL ENERGY INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Minnesota (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States, as trustee (the Trustee): 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered its Indenture (hereinafter referred to as the Indenture), made
as of December 1, 2000; and 

WHEREAS, Section 2.5 of the Indenture provides that Securities shall be issued in series and
that a Company Order shall specify the terms of each series; and 

WHEREAS, the Company has this day delivered a Company Order
setting forth the terms of two series of Securities designated 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 and 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15 2035 (hereinafter referred to as the Notes due
2028 and Notes due 2035, respectively, and collectively, as the Notes); and 

WHEREAS,
Section 12.1 of the Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into indentures supplemental thereto for the purposes, among others, of establishing the form of Securities or establishing or reflecting any terms of any
Security and adding to the covenants of the Company; and 

WHEREAS, on January 3, 2024, (i) pursuant to Section 8.10(c) of
the Indenture, the Company removed Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as trustee under the Indenture, effective January 16, 2024, and (ii) pursuant to Section 8.11 of the Indenture, the Company appointed U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association as trustee under the Indenture to succeed to all the rights, title, interests, powers, duties, and obligations of Computershare Trust Company, N.A. under the Indenture, with like effect as if originally named as trustee in the
Indenture, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association accepted such appointment, each effective January 16, 2024; and 

WHEREAS, the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture No. 19 (herein, this Supplemental Indenture) have
been duly authorized by a resolution or written consent adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company; 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS
INDENTURE WITNESSETH: 

That in order to set forth the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated,
issued and delivered, and in consideration of the premises of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof and the sum of one dollar duly paid to it by the Trustee at the execution of this Supplemental Indenture, the receipt
whereof is hereby acknowledged, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE ONE 

RELATION TO INDENTURE; DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.01. This Supplemental Indenture constitutes an integral part of the Indenture. 

SECTION 1.02. For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture: 

(a) 

Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture;

(b) 

All references herein to Articles and Sections, unless otherwise specified, refer to the corresponding Articles
and Sections of this Supplemental Indenture; and 

(c) 

The terms hereof, herein, hereby, hereto, hereunder
and herewith refer to this Supplemental Indenture. 

ARTICLE TWO 

4.75% SENIOR NOTES, SERIES DUE MARCH 21, 2028 

SECTION 2.01. There shall be a series of Securities designated the 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028. The Notes due 2028
shall be limited to $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount except as provided in Section 2.08 hereof. 

SECTION 2.02. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 2.05 hereof, the principal amount of the Notes due 2028 shall be payable on the stated maturity date of March 21, 2028. 

SECTION 2.03. The Notes due 2028 shall be dated their date of authentication as provided in the Indenture and shall bear interest from their date at
the rate of 4.75% per annum, payable semi-annually on March 21 and September 21 of each year, commencing September 21, 2025. The Regular Record Dates with respect to such March 21 and September 21 interest payment dates
shall be March 1 and September 1, respectively, immediately preceding such interest payment dates. Principal and interest shall be payable to the persons and in the manner provided in Sections 2.4 and 2.12 of the Indenture. 

SECTION 2.04. The Notes due 2028 shall be payable at the corporate trust office of the Trustee and at the offices of such paying agents as the Company
may appoint by Company Order in the future. 

SECTION 2.05. Prior to February 21, 2028 (one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes due
2028) (the 2028 Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes due 2028 at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three
decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes due 2028 matured on the 2028 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) applicable to the Notes due 2028 plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

- 2 - 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes due 2028 to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after the 2028 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes due 2028 at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes due 2028 being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date for the Notes due 2028, the yield determined by the Company in accordance
with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after
such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear
after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as
applicable: 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2028 Par
Call Date (the Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall
interpolate to the 2028 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15
TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date
of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2028 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2028 Par Call Date but there are two or more United
States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2028 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2028 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2028 Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United
States Treasury security with a maturity 

- 3 - 

date preceding the 2028 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2028 Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the
criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for
such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be
based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

The Notes due 2028 shall not be subject to any sinking fund. 

SECTION 2.06. The Notes due 2028 shall be issued in fully registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. 

SECTION 2.07. The Notes due 2028 shall initially be in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto. 

SECTION 2.08. The Notes due 2028 may be reopened and additional notes of the Notes due 2028 may be issued in excess of the limitation set forth in
Section 2.01, provided that such additional notes will contain the same terms (including the maturity date and interest payment terms) as the other Notes due 2028, except for the price to the public, the issue date and, if applicable, the first
interest accrual and payment dates. Any such additional Notes due 2028, together with the other Notes due 2028, shall constitute a single series for purposes of the Indenture and shall have the same CUSIP provided they are fungible for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. 

ARTICLE THREE 

5.60% SENIOR NOTES, SERIES DUE APRIL 15, 2035 

SECTION 3.01.There shall be a series of Securities designated the 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035. The Notes due 2035
shall be limited to $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount except as provided in Section 3.08 hereof. 

SECTION 3.02. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 3.05 hereof, the principal amount of the Notes due 2035 shall be payable on the stated maturity date of April 15, 2035. 

SECTION 3.03. The Notes due 2035 shall be dated their date of authentication as provided in the Indenture and shall bear interest from their date at
the rate of 5.60% per annum, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing October 15, 2025. The Regular Record Dates with respect to such April 15 and October 15 interest payment dates shall be
April 1 and October 1, respectively, immediately preceding such interest payment dates. Principal and interest shall be payable to the persons and in the manner provided in Sections 2.4 and 2.12 of the Indenture. 

- 4 - 

SECTION 3.04. The Notes due 2035 shall be payable at the corporate trust office of the Trustee and at
the offices of such paying agents as the Company may appoint by Company Order in the future. 

SECTION 3.05. Prior to October 15, 2034 (six
months prior to the maturity date of the Notes due 2035) (the 2035 Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes due 2035 at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes due 2035 matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) applicable to the Notes due 2035 plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes due 2035 to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after the 2035 Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes due 2035 at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes due 2035 being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date for the Notes due 2035, the yield determined by the Company in accordance
with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after
such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear
after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as
applicable: 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the 2035 Par
Call Date (the Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining
Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall
interpolate to the 2035 Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

- 5 - 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the
Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal
to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third
business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the
second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the 2035 Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the 2035
Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the 2035 Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the 2035 Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the 2035 Par
Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the 2035 Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the 2035 Par Call Date or two or more United States
Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of
the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States
Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

The Notes due 2035 shall not be subject to any sinking fund. 

SECTION 3.06. The Notes due 2035 shall be issued in fully registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000
in excess thereof. 

SECTION 3.07. The Notes due 2035 shall initially be in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto. 

SECTION 3.08. The Notes due 2035 may be reopened and additional notes of the Notes due 2035 may be issued in excess of the limitation set forth in
Section 3.01, provided that such additional notes will contain the same terms (including the maturity date and interest payment terms) as the other Notes due 2035, except for the price to the public, the issue date and, if applicable, the first
interest accrual and payment dates. Any such additional Notes due 2035, together with the other Notes due 2035, shall constitute a single series for purposes of the Indenture and shall have the same CUSIP provided they are fungible for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. 

- 6 - 

ARTICLE FOUR 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 4.01. The
recitals of fact herein and in the Notes (except the Trustees Certificates of Authentication) shall be taken as statements of the Company and shall not be construed as made by the Trustee. 

SECTION 4.02. This Supplemental Indenture shall be construed in connection with and as a part of the Indenture. 

SECTION 4.03. 

(a) 

If any provision of this Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies, or conflicts with another provision of the
Indenture required to be included in indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (as enacted prior to the date of this Supplemental Indenture) by any of the provisions of Sections 310 to 317, inclusive, of said Act, such required
provisions shall control. 

(b) 

In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture or in the notes issued
hereunder should be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way be affected, impaired, prejudiced or disturbed thereby.

SECTION 4.04. Whenever in this Supplemental Indenture either of the parties hereto is named or referred to, this shall be deemed
to include the successors or assigns of such party, and all the covenants and agreements in this Supplemental Indenture contained by or on behalf of the Company or by or on behalf of the Trustee shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and assigns of such parties, whether so expressed or not. 

SECTION 4.05. 

(a) 

This Supplemental Indenture may be simultaneously executed in several counterparts, and all said counterparts
executed and delivered, each as an original, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and
delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all
purposes. This Supplemental Indenture (and any document executed in connection with this Supplemental Indenture) shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the
party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law,
including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or 

- 7 - 

photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in
evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party
and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under any Signature Law
due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

(b) 

The Table of Contents and the descriptive headings of the several Articles of this Supplemental Indenture were
formulated, used and inserted in this Supplemental Indenture for convenience only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

SECTION 4.06. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH HOLDER OF A NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE THEREOF IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT IT OR THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

- 8 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, XCEL ENERGY INC. has caused this Supplemental Indenture to be signed by
its President or a Vice President, and attested by its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor to COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee, has caused this Supplemental Indenture to be
signed by an authorized officer as of this 21st day of March, 2025. 

XCEL ENERGY INC.

By: 

/s/ Todd Wehner

Name: Todd Wehner

Title: Vice President, Treasurer

ATTEST: 

By: 

/s/ Amy L. Schneider

Name: Amy L. Schneider

Title: Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Securities

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Joshua A. Hahn

Name: Joshua A. Hahn

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Supplemental Indenture No. 19] 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF 

4.75% SENIOR
NOTES, SERIES DUE MARCH 21, 2028 

REGISTERED 

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY (REFERRED TO HEREIN) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS
EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR THE INDIVIDUAL NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER
NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55
WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK), TO THE TRUSTEE FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

XCEL ENERGY INC. 

(Incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota) 

4.75% SENIOR NOTE, SERIES DUE MARCH 21, 2028 

CUSIP: 98389B BD1 NUMBER:

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE(S): March 21, 2025 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT(S): $

INTEREST RATE: 4.75% MATURITY DATE: March 21, 2028

XCEL ENERGY INC., a corporation of the State of Minnesota (the Company), for value received hereby
promises to pay to Cede & Co. or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS on the Maturity Date set forth above, and to pay interest thereon from the Original Issue Date (or if this Global Security has two or more
Original Issue Dates, interest shall, beginning on each such Original Issue Date, begin to accrue for that part of the principal amount to which that Original Issue Date is applicable) set forth above or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to
which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on March 21 and September 21 in each year, commencing September 21, 2025, at the per annum Interest Rate set forth above, until the principal hereof is paid
or made available for payment. No interest shall accrue on the Maturity Date, so long as the principal amount of this Global Security is paid on the Maturity Date. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any such Interest
Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date 

A-1 

for such interest, which shall be the March 1 and September 1, as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date; provided, that the first Interest Payment Date for any part
of this Note, the Original Issue Date of which is after a Regular Record Date but prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date, shall be the Interest Payment Date following the next succeeding Regular Record Date; and provided, that interest
payable on the Maturity Date set forth above or, if applicable, upon redemption or acceleration, shall be payable to the Person to whom principal shall be payable. Except as otherwise provided in the Indenture (as defined below), any such interest
not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and shall be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the
payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Securityholders not more than fifteen days or fewer than ten days prior to such Special Record Date. On or before Noon, New York City time, or such other
time as shall be agreed upon between the Trustee and the Depository, of the day on which such payment of interest is due on this Global Security (other than maturity), the Trustee shall pay to the Depository such interest in same day funds. On or
before 11:30 a.m., New York City time, or such other time as shall be agreed upon between the Trustee and the Depository, of the day on which principal, interest payable at maturity and premium, if any, is due on this Global Security and following
receipt of the necessary funds from the Company, the Trustee shall deposit with the Depository the amount equal to the principal, interest payable at maturity and premium, if any, by wire transfer into the account specified by the Depository. As a
condition to the payment, on the Maturity Date or upon redemption or acceleration, of any part of the principal and applicable premium of this Global Security, the Depository shall surrender, or cause to be surrendered, this Global Security to the
Trustee, whereupon a new Global Security shall be issued to the Depository. 

This Global Security is a global security in respect of a
duly authorized issue of Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 (the Notes of this Series, which term includes any Global Securities representing such Notes) of the Company issued and to be issued under an Indenture dated as of
December 1, 2000 between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as successor to Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the
Indenture) and indentures supplemental thereto (collectively, the Indenture). Under the Indenture, one or more series of Securities may be issued and, as used herein, the term Securities refers to the Notes of this Series and
any other outstanding series of Securities. Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for a more complete statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities under the Indenture of the Company, the Trustee and the
Securityholders and of the terms upon which the Securities are and are to be authenticated and delivered. This Global Security has been issued in respect of the series designated on the first page hereof. 

Each Note of this Series shall be dated and issued as of the date of its authentication by the Trustee and shall bear an Original Issue Date
or Dates. Each Security or Global Security issued upon transfer, exchange or substitution of such Security or Global Security shall bear the Original Issue Date or Dates of such transferred, exchanged or substituted Security or Global Security, as
the case may be. 

A-2 

Prior to February 21, 2028 (one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes of this
Series) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes of this Series at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three
decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes of this Series matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes of this Series at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under
the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two
yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the
Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

A-3 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

Notice of redemption will be given by mail to Holders of Notes of this Series not less than 10 or more than 60 days prior to the date fixed
for redemption, all as provided in the Indenture. In the event of redemption of this Global Security in part only, a new Global Security or Securities of like tenor and series for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the
Securityholder hereof upon the surrender hereof. 

Interest payments for this Global Security shall be computed and paid on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In any case where any Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of this Global Security is required to be paid is not a
Business Day, then payment of principal, premium or interest need not be made on such date but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of
this Global Security is required to be paid and, in the case of timely payment thereof, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the date on which the principal of this Global Security is required to be
paid. 

The Company, at its option, and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture, will be discharged from any and all
obligations in respect of the Securities (except for certain obligations including obligations to register the transfer or exchange of Securities, replace stolen, lost or mutilated Securities, maintain paying agencies and hold monies for payment in
trust, all as set forth in the Indenture) if the Company deposits with the Trustee money, U.S. Government Obligations which through the payment of interest thereon and principal thereof in accordance with their terms will provide money, or a
combination of money and U.S. Government Obligations, in any event in an amount sufficient, without reinvestment, to pay all the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities on the dates such payments are due in accordance with the
terms of the Securities. 

A-4 

If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities may be
declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modifications of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Securityholders under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not
less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Global Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Global Security and of any
Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon the Note. 

As set forth in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, no Holder of any Securities will have any right to institute any proceeding
with respect to the Indenture or for any remedy thereunder unless such Holder shall have previously given to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to such Securities, the Holders of not less than a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding Securities affected by such Event of Default shall have made written request and offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require to institute such proceeding as Trustee and the Trustee shall
have failed to institute such proceeding within 60 days; provided, however, that such limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by the Holder hereof for the enforcement of payment of the principal of and any premium or interest on this Note on
or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and to provisions of this Global Security or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Global Security at the times, places and rates and the coin or currency prescribed
in the Indenture. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, this Global Security may be
transferred only as permitted by the legend hereto. 

If at any time the Depository for this Global Security notifies the Company that it
is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for this Global Security or if at any time the Depository for this Global Security shall no longer be eligible or in good standing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other
applicable statute or regulation, the Company shall appoint a successor Depository with respect to this Global Security. If a successor Depository for this Global Security is not appointed by the Company within 90 days after the Company receives
such notice or becomes aware of such ineligibility, the Companys election to issue this Note in global form shall no longer be effective with respect to this Global Security and the Company will execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a
Company Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for this Global Security, will authenticate and deliver individual Notes of this Series of like tenor and terms in definitive form in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the principal amount of this Global Security. 

A-5 

The Company may at any time and in its sole discretion determine that all Notes of this
Series (but not less than all) issued or issuable in the form of one or more Global Securities shall no longer be represented by such Global Security or Securities. In such event, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company
Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for such Global Security, shall authenticate and deliver, individual Notes of this Series of like tenor and terms in definitive form in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Security or Securities in exchange for such Global Security or Securities. 

Under
certain circumstances specified in the Indenture, the Depository may be required to surrender any two or more Global Securities which have identical terms (but which may have differing Original Issue Dates) to the Trustee, and the Company shall
execute and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for such Global Securities, shall authenticate and deliver to, or at the direction of, the Depository a
Global Security in principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of, and with all terms identical to, the Global Securities surrendered thereto and that shall indicate all Original Issue Dates and the principal amount applicable to each
such Original Issue Date. 

The Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of Minnesota. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee, directly or through an Authenticating
Agent by manual signature of an authorized officer, this Global Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

All terms used in this Global Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture unless
otherwise indicated herein. 

A-6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

XCEL ENERGY INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

ATTEST 

By: 

Name: 

Title: Secretary

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE 

OF AUTHENTICATION 

This Note is one of the
Securities of the series herein designated, described or provided for in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Officer

A-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations. 

TEN COM--as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT

MIN
ACT-- _________ Custodian _______________

(Cust) (Minor)

TEN ENT--as tenants by the entireties Under Uniform Gifts to Minors

JT TEN--as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

State

Additional abbreviations may also be 

used though not in the above list. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE 

the within security and all rights thereunder, hereby
irrevocably constituting and appointing ______________________ attorney to transfer said security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

A-8 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF 

5.60% SENIOR
NOTES, SERIES DUE APRIL 15, 2035 

REGISTERED 

THIS NOTE IS A GLOBAL SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITORY (REFERRED TO HEREIN) OR A NOMINEE THEREOF AND, UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS
EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR THE INDIVIDUAL NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITORY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY TO THE DEPOSITORY OR ANOTHER
NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITORY OR BY THE DEPOSITORY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITORY. UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55
WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK), TO THE TRUSTEE FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO., ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL SINCE THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

XCEL ENERGY INC. 

(Incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota) 

5.60% SENIOR NOTE, SERIES DUE APRIL 15, 2035 

CUSIP: 98389B BE9 NUMBER:

ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE(S): March 21, 2025 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT(S): $

INTEREST RATE: 5.60% MATURITY DATE: April 15, 2035

XCEL ENERGY INC., a corporation of the State of Minnesota (the Company), for value received hereby
promises to pay to Cede & Co. or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________ DOLLARS on the Maturity Date set forth above, and to pay interest thereon from the Original Issue Date (or if this Global Security has two or more
Original Issue Dates, interest shall, beginning on each such Original Issue Date, begin to accrue for that part of the principal amount to which that Original Issue Date is applicable) set forth above or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to
which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 in each year, commencing October 15, 2025, at the per annum Interest Rate set forth above, until the principal hereof is paid or
made available for payment. No interest shall accrue on the Maturity Date, so long as the principal amount of this Global Security is paid on the Maturity Date. The interest so payable and punctually paid or duly provided for on any such Interest
Payment Date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose 

B-1 

name this Note is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the April 1 and October 1, as the case may be, next preceding such
Interest Payment Date; provided, that the first Interest Payment Date for any part of this Note, the Original Issue Date of which is after a Regular Record Date but prior to the applicable Interest Payment Date, shall be the Interest Payment Date
following the next succeeding Regular Record Date; and provided, that interest payable on the Maturity Date set forth above or, if applicable, upon redemption or acceleration, shall be payable to the Person to whom principal shall be payable. Except
as otherwise provided in the Indenture (as defined below), any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and shall be paid to the Person in whose name this
Note is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Securityholders not more than fifteen days or fewer than ten days prior to
such Special Record Date. On or before Noon, New York City time, or such other time as shall be agreed upon between the Trustee and the Depository, of the day on which such payment of interest is due on this Global Security (other than maturity),
the Trustee shall pay to the Depository such interest in same day funds. On or before 11:30 a.m., New York City time, or such other time as shall be agreed upon between the Trustee and the Depository, of the day on which principal, interest payable
at maturity and premium, if any, is due on this Global Security and following receipt of the necessary funds from the Company, the Trustee shall deposit with the Depository the amount equal to the principal, interest payable at maturity and premium,
if any, by wire transfer into the account specified by the Depository. As a condition to the payment, on the Maturity Date or upon redemption or acceleration, of any part of the principal and applicable premium of this Global Security, the
Depository shall surrender, or cause to be surrendered, this Global Security to the Trustee, whereupon a new Global Security shall be issued to the Depository. 

This Global Security is a global security in respect of a duly authorized issue of Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035 (the
Notes of this Series, which term includes any Global Securities representing such Notes) of the Company issued and to be issued under an Indenture dated as of December 1, 2000 between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as successor to Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (herein called the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and indentures supplemental thereto (collectively, the
Indenture). Under the Indenture, one or more series of Securities may be issued and, as used herein, the term Securities refers to the Notes of this Series and any other outstanding series of Securities. Reference is hereby
made to the Indenture for a more complete statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities under the Indenture of the Company, the Trustee and the Securityholders and of the terms upon which the Securities are and are
to be authenticated and delivered. This Global Security has been issued in respect of the series designated on the first page hereof. 

Each Note of this Series shall be dated and issued as of the date of its authentication by the Trustee and shall bear an Original Issue Date
or Dates. Each Security or Global Security issued upon transfer, exchange or substitution of such Security or Global Security shall bear the Original Issue Date or Dates of such transferred, exchanged or substituted Security or Global Security, as
the case may be. 

B-2 

Prior to October 15, 2034 (six months prior to the maturity date of the Notes of this
Series) (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Notes of this Series at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three
decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and
interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes of this Series matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and 

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series to be redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes of this Series at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes of this Series being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two
paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on
U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under
the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: 

(1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the
Remaining Life); or 

(2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two
yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the
Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or 

(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as
applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

B-3 

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published,
the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second business day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

The Trustee shall have no duty to determine, or verify the calculation of, the redemption price. 

Notice of redemption will be given by mail to Holders of Notes of this Series not less than 10 or more than 60 days prior to the date fixed
for redemption, all as provided in the Indenture. In the event of redemption of this Global Security in part only, a new Global Security or Securities of like tenor and series for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the
Securityholder hereof upon the surrender hereof. 

Interest payments for this Global Security shall be computed and paid on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. In any case where any Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of this Global Security is required to be paid is not a
Business Day, then payment of principal, premium or interest need not be made on such date but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such Interest Payment Date or date on which the principal of
this Global Security is required to be paid and, in the case of timely payment thereof, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after such Interest Payment Date or the date on which the principal of this Global Security is required to be
paid. 

The Company, at its option, and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture, will be discharged from any and all
obligations in respect of the Securities (except for certain obligations including obligations to register the transfer or exchange of Securities, replace stolen, lost or mutilated Securities, maintain paying agencies and hold monies for payment in
trust, all as set forth in the Indenture) if the Company deposits with the Trustee money, U.S. Government Obligations which through the payment of interest thereon and principal thereof in accordance with their terms will provide money, or a
combination of money and U.S. Government Obligations, in any event in an amount sufficient, without reinvestment, to pay all the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities on the dates such payments are due in accordance with the
terms of the Securities. 

B-4 

If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities may be
declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as
therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modifications of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Securityholders under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not
less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Global Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Global Security and of any
Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon the Note. 

As set forth in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, no Holder of any Securities will have any right to institute any proceeding
with respect to the Indenture or for any remedy thereunder unless such Holder shall have previously given to the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to such Securities, the Holders of not less than a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding Securities affected by such Event of Default shall have made written request and offered to the Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require to institute such proceeding as Trustee and the Trustee shall
have failed to institute such proceeding within 60 days; provided, however, that such limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by the Holder hereof for the enforcement of payment of the principal of and any premium or interest on this Note on
or after the respective due dates expressed herein. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and to provisions of this Global Security or of
the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Global Security at the times, places and rates and the coin or currency prescribed
in the Indenture. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, this Global Security may be
transferred only as permitted by the legend hereto. 

If at any time the Depository for this Global Security notifies the Company that it
is unwilling or unable to continue as Depository for this Global Security or if at any time the Depository for this Global Security shall no longer be eligible or in good standing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or other
applicable statute or regulation, the Company shall appoint a successor Depository with respect to this Global Security. If a successor Depository for this Global Security is not appointed by the Company within 90 days after the Company receives
such notice or becomes aware of such ineligibility, the Companys election to issue this Note in global form shall no longer be effective with respect to this Global Security and the Company will execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a
Company Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for this Global Security, will authenticate and deliver individual Notes of this Series of like tenor and terms in definitive form in an aggregate
principal amount equal to the principal amount of this Global Security. 

B-5 

The Company may at any time and in its sole discretion determine that all Notes of this
Series (but not less than all) issued or issuable in the form of one or more Global Securities shall no longer be represented by such Global Security or Securities. In such event, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company
Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for such Global Security, shall authenticate and deliver, individual Notes of this Series of like tenor and terms in definitive form in an aggregate principal
amount equal to the principal amount of such Global Security or Securities in exchange for such Global Security or Securities. 

Under
certain circumstances specified in the Indenture, the Depository may be required to surrender any two or more Global Securities which have identical terms (but which may have differing Original Issue Dates) to the Trustee, and the Company shall
execute and the Trustee, upon receipt of a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of individual Notes of this Series in exchange for such Global Securities, shall authenticate and deliver to, or at the direction of, the Depository a
Global Security in principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of, and with all terms identical to, the Global Securities surrendered thereto and that shall indicate all Original Issue Dates and the principal amount applicable to each
such Original Issue Date. 

The Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State
of Minnesota. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee, directly or through an Authenticating
Agent by manual signature of an authorized officer, this Global Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

All terms used in this Global Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture unless
otherwise indicated herein. 

B-6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

XCEL ENERGY INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

ATTEST

By: 

Name: 

Title: Secretary

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE 

OF AUTHENTICATION 

This Note is one of the
Securities of the series herein designated, described or provided for in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Officer

B-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this instrument, shall be construed as though they were written out
in full according to applicable laws or regulations. 

TEN COM--as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT

MIN
ACT-- _________ Custodian _______________

(Cust) (Minor)

TEN ENT--as tenants by the entireties Under Uniform Gifts to Minors

JT TEN--as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

State

Additional abbreviations may also be 

used though not in the above list. 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the
undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE 

PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE 

the within security and all rights thereunder, hereby
irrevocably constituting and appointing ______________________ attorney to transfer said security on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated: 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond
with the name as written upon the face of the within instrument in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

B-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d825268dex501.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.01
<TEXT>
EX-5.01

Exhibit 5.01 

Amy L. Schneider

Vice President,
Corporate Secretary and Securities

414 Nicollet Mall, 401-8

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401

March 21, 2025 

Xcel
Energy Inc. 

414 Nicollet Mall 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

I am the Vice
President, Corporate Secretary and Securities of Xcel Energy Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company), and, as such, I and the attorneys that I supervise have acted as counsel for the Company in connection with the issuance and sale
of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 4.75% Senior Notes, Series due March 21, 2028 and $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.60% Senior Notes, Series due April 15, 2035 (collectively,
the Notes), pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and among the Company and BMO Capital Markets Corp., MUFG Securities Americas Inc., and Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named on Schedule I therein (collectively, the Underwriters). The Notes will be issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2000, between the Company and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to Computershare Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented, and as further supplemented by the Supplemental Indenture No. 19, dated as of March 21,
2025, with respect to the Notes, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Indenture, as supplemented, the Indenture). 

I, or attorneys that I supervise, have examined or are otherwise familiar with the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the
Company, the Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated, the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-278797) (the Registration Statement)
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission to effect the registration of the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to which the Notes are to be issued, such corporate
actions in connection with the issuance of the Notes (the Corporate Proceedings) as have occurred as of the date hereof and such other documents, records and instruments as I have deemed necessary or appropriate for the purposes of this
opinion letter. 

Based upon the foregoing and assumptions that follow, I am of the opinion that the Notes, when they are executed by the
Company and authenticated by the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture and issued and delivered to the Underwriters against payment therefore in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding
obligations of the Company. 

Xcel Energy Inc. 

March 21, 2025 

Page
2

The foregoing opinion assumes that the Trustee has duly authorized, executed and delivered
the Indenture. The foregoing opinion is also subject to: 

1. 

the limitation that the provisions of the Indenture and the Notes may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization,
insolvency, moratorium or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights; 

2. 

general equity principles (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at
law); and 

3. 

the effect of generally applicable laws that (a) limit the availability of a remedy under certain
circumstances where another remedy has been elected, (b) limit the enforceability of provisions releasing, exculpating or exempting a party from, or requiring indemnification of a party for, liability for its own action or inaction, to the
extent the action or inaction involves gross negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct or unlawful conduct, or (c) may, where less than all of a contract may be unenforceable, limit the enforceability of the balance of the contract to
circumstances in which the unenforceable portion is not an essential part of the agreed exchange. 

I express no opinion
as to the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of Minnesota. The opinion herein expressed is limited to the specific issues addressed and to laws existing on the date hereof. By rendering this opinion letter, I do not undertake
to advise you with respect to any other matter or of any change in such laws or in the interpretation thereof which may occur after the date hereof. 

I hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5.01 to the Current Report on Form
8-K dated the date hereof filed by the Company and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, I do not hereby admit that I am included in the category of persons whose
consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Xcel Energy Inc. 

March 21, 2025 

Page
3

Respectfully submitted,

By: 

/s/ Amy L. Schneider

Name: Amy L. Schneider

Title: Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Securities
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>xel-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>xel-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>xel-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g825268g0319195448131.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name XCEL ENERGY INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000072903

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MN

Entity File Number 001-3034

Entity Tax Identification Number 41-0448030

Entity Address, Address Line One 414 Nicollet Mall

Entity Address, City or Town Minneapolis

Entity Address, State or Province MN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 55401

City Area Code (612)

Local Phone Number 330-5500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $2.50 par value per share

Trading Symbol XEL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.xcelenergy.com//20250321/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d825268d8k.htm 
xel-20250321.xsd 
xel-20250321_lab.xml 
xel-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-059950-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d825268d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000072903 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

XCEL ENERGY INC 
false 
0000072903 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
MN 
001-3034 
41-0448030 
414 Nicollet Mall 
Minneapolis 
MN 
55401 
(612) 
330-5500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $2.50 par value per share 
XEL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>