<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-009060.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-009060.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317163050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-009060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNOPSYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883241
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				561546236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19807
		FILM NUMBER:		25744978

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6505845000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		675 ALMANOR AVE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94085
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0000883241NASDAQ00008832412025-03-172025-03-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

SYNOPSYS, INC

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

000-19807

56-1546236

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

675 Almanor Ave.

Sunnyvale, California94085

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(650) 584-5000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240-14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share)

SNPS

Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 17, 2025, Synopsys, Inc. (Synopsys) issued $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.550% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes), $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its
4.650% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), $2,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.850% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes), $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032 (the
2032 Notes), $2,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.150% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and $2,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.700% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and
together with the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes, 2032 Notes and 2035 Notes, the Notes). The Notes were offered and sold pursuant to a prospectus, dated February 27, 2025, forming a part of Synopsys shelf registration statement on
Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-285378), and a prospectus supplement, dated March 3, 2025, relating to the Notes. The Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture), as supplemented by the first
supplemental indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025, with respect to the Notes (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), each between Synopsys and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee. The Indenture and the forms of the Notes provide, among other things, that the Notes are senior unsecured obligations of Synopsys.

The Notes were issued in connection with Synopsys planned acquisition of ANSYS, Inc. (Ansys) (the Ansys Merger), and the net proceeds of the offering are intended to be used to fund a portion
of the acquisition, to pay related transaction fees and expenses and to repay Ansys outstanding indebtedness. If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and
(y) the date that is five business days after any later date upon which Closing is permitted to occur under the terms of the transaction agreement related to the Ansys Merger (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to such agreement) (the Special

Mandatory Redemption End Date) or (ii) Synopsys notifies the trustee under the Indenture in writing that Synopsys will not pursue consummation of the Ansys Merger, Synopsys will be required to redeem all outstanding 2027 Notes, 2028
Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a special mandatory redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date upon which the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes will be redeemed. The 2035 Notes and 2055 Notes are not subject to the Special Mandatory Redemption. In the event of a
Special Mandatory Redemption, the proceeds of the 2035 Notes and 2055 Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of outstanding indebtedness.

The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.550% per year. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.650% per year. The 2030 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.850% per year. The 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate
of 5.000% per year. The 2035 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.150% per year. The 2055 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.700% per year. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on October
1, 2025.

At any time and from time to time prior to their respective par call dates (as defined in the Indenture and applicable series of Notes) or, in the case of the 2027 Notes, prior to the maturity date), Synopsys may
redeem the applicable series of the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the make-whole redemption price (calculated as set forth in the Indenture and applicable series of Notes), plus, in each case,
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, on or after the applicable par call date (as defined in the Indenture and applicable series of Notes), Synopsys may redeem the
2028 Notes, 2030 Notes, 2032 Notes, 2035 Notes or 2055 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date.

The Indenture contains covenants limiting Synopsys ability to create certain liens and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions as set
forth in the Indenture.

The description of the Indenture in this Current Report on Form 8-K is a summary of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the terms of the Indenture. Copies of the Base Indenture and the Supplemental Indenture are
filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 above with respect to the Notes and the Indenture is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03, insofar as it relates to the creation of a direct financial obligation.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

Effective March 17, 2025, Synopsys terminated approximately $9.91 billion in commitments under the previously disclosed commitment letter for a bridge facility to fund the Ansys Merger.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025, between Synopsys and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025, between the Synopsys and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.3 

Form of 4.550% senior notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.4 

Form of 4.650% senior notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.5 

Form of 4.850% senior notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.6 

Form of 5.000% senior notes due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.7 

Form of 5.150% senior notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.8 

Form of 5.700% senior notes due 2055 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

5.1 

Opinion of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP.

23.1 

Consent of Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (included in Exhibit 5.1).

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

Dated: March 17, 2025 

By: 

/s/ John F. Runkel, Jr.

Name: 

John F. Runkel, Jr.

Title: 

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

Synopsys, Inc.

INDENTURE

Dated as of March 17, 2025

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

Trustee

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 1

Section 1.1 

Definitions 

1

Section 1.2 

Other Definitions 

3

Section 1.3 

Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 

4

Section 1.4 

Rules of Construction. 

4

ARTICLE II THE SECURITIES 4

Section 2.1 

Issuable in Series 

4

Section 2.2 

Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities 

5

Section 2.3 

Execution and Authentication 

7

Section 2.4 

Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent 

7

Section 2.5 

Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 

8

Section 2.6 

Holder Lists 

8

Section 2.7 

Transfer and Exchange 9

Section 2.8 

Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 

9

Section 2.9 

Outstanding Securities 

9

Section 2.10 

Treasury Securities 

10

Section 2.11 

Temporary Securities 

10

Section 2.12 

Cancellation 

10

Section 2.13 

Defaulted Interest 

10

Section 2.14 

Global Securities 

11

Section 2.15 

CUSIP Numbers. 

12

ARTICLE III REDEMPTION 12

Section 3.1 

Notice to Trustee 

12

Section 3.2 

Selection of Securities to be Redeemed 

13

Section 3.3 

Notice of Redemption 

13

Section 3.4 

Effect of Notice of Redemption 

14

Section 3.5 

Deposit of Redemption Price 

14

Section 3.6 

Securities Redeemed in Part 

14

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS 14

Section 4.1 

Payment of Principal and Interest 

14

Section 4.2 

SEC Reports 

14

Section 4.3 

Compliance Certificate 

15

Section 4.4 

Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 

15

ARTICLE V SUCCESSORS 15

Section 5.1 

When Company May Merge, Etc 

15

Section 5.2 

Successor Corporation Substituted 

16

ARTICLE VI DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 16

Section 6.1 

Events of Default. 

16

Section 6.2 

Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment 

17

Section 6.3 

Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 

17

Section 6.4 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 

18

Section 6.5 

Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities 

18

Section 6.6 

Application of Money Collected 

19

Section 6.7 

Limitation on Suits 

19

Section 6.8 

Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal and Interest 

20

Section 6.9 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 

20

Section 6.10 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative 

20

i

Section 6.11 

Delay or Omission Not Waiver 

20

Section 6.12 

Control by Holders 

20

Section 6.13 

Waiver of Past Defaults 

21

Section 6.14 

Undertaking for Costs 

21

ARTICLE VII TRUSTEE 21

Section 7.1 

Duties of Trustee 

21

Section 7.2 

Rights of Trustee 

22

Section 7.3 

Individual Rights of Trustee 

23

Section 7.4 

Trustees Disclaimer 

23

Section 7.5 

Notice of Defaults 

23

Section 7.6 

Reports by Trustee to Holders. 

23

Section 7.7 

Compensation and Indemnity. 24

Section 7.8 

Replacement of Trustee 

24

Section 7.9 

Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc 

25

Section 7.10 

Eligibility; Disqualification 

25

Section 7.11 

Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company 

25

ARTICLE VIII SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE 25

Section 8.1 

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. 

25

Section 8.2 

Application of Trust Funds; Indemnification 

26

Section 8.3 

Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series 

27

Section 8.4 

Covenant Defeasance 

28

Section 8.5 

Repayment to Company 29

Section 8.6 

Reinstatement 

29

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS 29

Section 9.1 

Without Consent of Holders 

29

Section 9.2 

With Consent of Holders 

30

Section 9.3 

Limitations 

30

Section 9.4 

Compliance with Trust Indenture Act 31

Section 9.5 

Revocation and Effect of Consents 

31

Section 9.6 

Notation on or Exchange of Securities 

31

Section 9.7 

Trustee Protected 

31

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 31

Section 10.1 

Trust Indenture Act Controls 

31

Section 10.2 

Notices 32

Section 10.3 

Communication by Holders with Other Holders 33

Section 10.4 

Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 33

Section 10.5 

Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 

33

Section 10.6 

Rules by Trustee and Agents 

33

Section 10.7 

Legal Holidays 

33

Section 10.8 

No Recourse Against Others 

33

Section 10.9 

Counterparts 34

Section 10.10 

Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction 

34

Section 10.11 

No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 

34

Section 10.12 

Successors 35

Section 10.13 

Severability 35

Section 10.14 

Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 35

Section 10.15 

Securities in a Foreign Currency 

35

Section 10.16 

Judgment Currency 

35

Section 10.17 

Force Majeure 

36

Section 10.18 

U.S.A. Patriot Act 

36

ii

ARTICLE XI SINKING FUNDS 36

Section 11.1 

Applicability of Article 

36

Section 11.2 

Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities 

36

Section 11.3 

Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund 

37

iii

Synopsys, Inc.

Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and

Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025

Page

310(a)(1) 

7.10

(a)(2) 

7.10

(a)(3) 

Not Applicable

(a)(4) 

Not Applicable

(a)(5) 

7.10

(b) 

7.10

311(a) 

7.11

(b) 

7.11

(c) 

Not Applicable

312(a) 

2.6

(b) 

10.3

(c) 

10.3

313(a) 

7.6

(b)(1) 

7.6

(b)(2) 

7.6

(c)(1) 

7.6

(d) 

7.6

314(a) 

4.2, 10.5

(b) 

Not Applicable

(c)(1) 

10.4

(c)(2) 

10.4

(c)(3) 

Not Applicable

(d) 

Not Applicable

(e) 

10.5

(f) 

Not Applicable

315(a) 

7.1

(b) 

7.5

(c) 

7.1

(d) 

7.1

(e) 

6.14

316(a) 

2.10

(a)(1)(A) 

6.12

(a)(1)(B) 

6.13

(b) 

6.8

317(a)(1) 

6.3

(a)(2) 

6.4

(b) 

2.5

318(a) 

10.1

Note: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part of the Indenture.

iv

Indenture dated as of March 17, 2025, between Synopsys, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (Trustee).

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities issued under this Indenture.

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section 1.1Definitions.

Affiliate of any specified person means any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified
person. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlled by and under
common control with), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities or by agreement or otherwise.

Agent means any Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee thereof.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been adopted by the Board of
Directors or pursuant to authorization by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of the certificate and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Day means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York, New York (or in connection with any payment, the place of
payment) on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock.

Company means the party named as such above until a successor replaces it and thereafter means the successor.

Company Order means a written order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer and delivered to the Trustee.

Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business related to this Indenture shall be
principally administered.

Default means any event which is, or after notice, passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

Depositary means, with respect to the Securities of any Series issuable or issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, the
person designated as Depositary for such Series by the Company, which Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act; and if at any time there is more than one such person, Depositary as used with respect to the
Securities of any Series shall mean the Depositary with respect to the Securities of such Series.

Discount Security means any Security that provides for an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon declaration of
acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2.

1

Dollars and $ means the currency of the United States of America.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Foreign Currency means any currency or currency unit issued by a government other than the government of the United States of America.

Foreign Government Obligations means, with respect to Securities of any Series that are denominated in a Foreign Currency, direct obligations of, or
obligations guaranteed by, the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment
of the accounting profession, which are in effect as of the date of determination.

Global Security or Global Securities means a Security or Securities, as the case may be, in the form
established pursuant to Section 2.2 evidencing all or part of a Series of Securities, issued to the Depositary for such Series or its nominee, and registered in the name of such Depositary or nominee.

Holder means a person in whose name a Security is registered on the Registrars books.

Indenture means this Indenture as amended or supplemented from time to time and shall include the form and terms of particular Series of Securities
established as contemplated hereunder.

interest with respect to any Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity, means interest payable after Maturity.

Maturity when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security becomes due and payable as therein or herein
provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption or otherwise.

Officer means the Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary and any Senior Vice President or Vice President of the Company.

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed by any Officer that meets the requirements of this Indenture.

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Company.
The opinion may contain customary limitations, conditions and exceptions.

person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

principal of a Security means the principal of the Security plus, when appropriate, the premium, if any, on the Security.

Responsible Officer means any officer of the Trustee in its Corporate Trust Office having responsibility for administration of this Indenture and also
means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of his or her knowledge of and familiarity with a particular subject.

2

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Security or Securities means the debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company of any Series
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

Series or Series of Securities means each series of debentures, notes or other debt instruments of the Company
created pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof.

Stated Maturity when used with respect to any Security, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such
Security or interest is due and payable.

Subsidiary of any specified person means any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares
of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or one or more of the
other Subsidiaries of that person or a combination thereof.

TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S. Code 77aaa-77bbbb) as in effect on the date of this Indenture; provided, however,
that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, TIA means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act as so amended.

Trustee means the person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the
applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each person who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such person, Trustee as used with respect to the Securities of any
Series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that Series.

U.S. Government Obligations means securities which are direct obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States of America for the payment of which its
full faith and credit is pledged and which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank or trust company as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government
Obligation or a specific payment of interest on or principal of any such U.S. Government Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of a depositary receipt; provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is
not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt.

Section 1.2Other Definitions.

TERM 

DEFINED IN SECTION

Agent Member 

2.14.6

Bankruptcy Law 

6.1

Custodian 

6.1

DTC 

2.14.3

Event of Default 

6.1

Judgment Currency 

10.16

mandatory sinking fund payment 

11.1

New York Banking Day 

10.16

Notice Agent 

2.4

optional sinking fund payment 

11.1

Paying Agent 

2.4

Registrar 

2.4

Required Currency 

10.16

Specified Courts 

10.10

successor person 

5.1

3

Section 1.3Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.

Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the
following meanings:

Commission means the SEC.

indenture securities means the Securities.

indenture security holder means a Holder.

indenture to be qualified means this Indenture.

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Trustee.

obligor on the indenture securities means the Company and any successor obligor upon the Securities.

All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by SEC rule under the TIA and not otherwise defined herein are used herein
as so defined.

Section 1.4Rules of Construction.

Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) a term has the meaning assigned to it;

(b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP;

(c) or is not exclusive;

(d) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular;

(e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

(f) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the
word from means from and including, and the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and

(g) the phrase in writing as used herein shall be deemed to include PDFs, e-mails and other
electronic means of transmission, unless otherwise indicated.

ARTICLE II

THE SECURITIES

Section 2.1Issuable in Series.

The aggregate principal amount of Securities that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. The Securities may be issued in one or more Series. All Securities of a
Series shall be identical except as may be set forth or determined in the manner provided in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture or an Officers Certificate detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a
Board Resolution. In the case of Securities of a Series to be issued from time to time, the Board Resolution, Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture detailing the adoption of the terms thereof pursuant to authority granted under a Board
Resolution may provide for the method by which specified terms (such as interest rate, maturity date, record date or date from which interest shall accrue) are to be determined. Securities may differ between Series in respect of any matters; provided
that all Series of Securities shall be equally and ratably entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

4

Section 2.2Establishment of Terms of Series of Securities.

At or prior to the issuance of any Securities within a Series, the following shall be established (as to the Series generally, in the case of Subsection 2.2.1 and either
as to such Securities within the Series or as to the Series generally in the case of Subsections 2.2.2 through 2.2.26) by or pursuant to a Board Resolution, and set forth or determined in the
manner provided in a Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate:

2.2.1 the title (which shall distinguish the Securities of that particular Series from the Securities of any other Series)
and ranking (including the terms of any subordination provisions) of the Series;

2.2.2 the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount thereof) at which the Securities of the
Series will be issued;

2.2.3 any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the Series which may be authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the Series pursuant to Section 2.7, 2.8, 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6);

2.2.4 the date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the Series is payable;

2.2.5 the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or, if applicable, the method used to determine such
rate or rates (including, but not limited to, any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the Securities of the Series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which such interest, if any, shall
accrue, the date or dates on which such interest, if any, shall commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date;

2.2.6 the place or places where the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series shall be payable,
where the Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered, and the method of
such payment, if by wire transfer, mail or other means;

2.2.7 if applicable, the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon
which the Securities of the Series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company;

2.2.8 the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase the Securities of the Series pursuant to any sinking
fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the Series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in
part, pursuant to such obligation;

2.2.9 the dates, if any, on which and the price or prices at which the Securities of the Series will be repurchased by
the Company at the option of the Holders thereof and other detailed terms and provisions of such repurchase obligations;

2.2.10 if other than denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in
which the Securities of the Series shall be issuable;

2.2.11 the forms of the Securities of the Series and whether the Securities will be issuable as Global Securities;

5

2.2.12 whether a temporary Security is to be issued with respect to such Series, whether any interest payable prior to the
issuance of definitive Securities of such Series will be credited to the account of the persons entitled thereto, and the terms upon which beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for beneficial
interests in a definitive Global Security or for individual definitive Securities;

2.2.13 if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of the Securities of the Series that shall be payable upon
declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2;

2.2.14 the currency of denomination of the Securities of the Series, which may be Dollars or any Foreign Currency, and if
such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency;

2.2.15 the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of the principal of and interest, if
any, on the Securities of the Series will be made;

2.2.16 if payments of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series are to be made in one or more
currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to such payments will be determined;

2.2.17 the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of or interest, if any, on the Securities of the Series will
be determined, if such amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index;

2.2.18 the provisions, if any, relating to any security provided for the Securities of the Series;

2.2.19 any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the Series and
any change in the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to Section 6.2;

2.2.20 any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants applicable to Securities of the Series;

2.2.21 any Depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to
Securities of such Series if other than those appointed herein;

2.2.22 the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any Securities of such Series, including if
applicable, the conversion or exchange price, the conversion or exchange period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, at the option of the Holders thereof or at the option of the Company, the events requiring an
adjustment of the conversion price or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange if such Series of Securities are redeemed;

2.2.23 any restriction or condition on the transferability of Securities of the Series;

2.2.24 provisions, if any, granting special rights to Holders of Securities of the Series upon the occurrence of specified events;

2.2.25 any other terms of the Series (which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of this Indenture insofar as it applies to such Series),
including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of Securities of that Series; and

6

2.2.26 whether any of the Companys direct or indirect Subsidiaries will guarantee the Securities of that Series,
including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees.

All Securities of any one Series need not be issued at the same time and may be issued from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Indenture, if so provided by or pursuant to the Board
Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate referred to above; provided any Securities subsequently issued as part of the same Series shall be issued under a separate CUSIP or ISIN
number unless the additional Securities are issued pursuant to a qualified reopening of the original series, are otherwise treated as part of the same issue of debt instruments as the original Series or are issued with less than a de minimis amount of original issue discount, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Section 2.3Execution and Authentication.

An Officer shall sign the Securities for the Company by manual, facsimile or electronic signature.

If an Officer whose signature is on a Security no longer holds that office at the time the Security is authenticated, the Security shall nevertheless be valid.

A Security shall not be valid until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an authenticating agent. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Security has been
authenticated under this Indenture.

The Trustee shall at any time, and from time to time, authenticate Securities for original issue in the principal amount provided in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers
Certificate, upon receipt by the Trustee of a Company Order. Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.

The aggregate principal amount of Securities of any Series outstanding at any time may not exceed any limit upon the maximum principal amount for such Series set forth in the Board Resolution,
supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2, except as provided in Section 2.8.

Prior to the issuance of Securities of any Series, the Trustee shall have received and (subject to Section 7.2) shall be fully protected in relying on: (a) the Board
Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate establishing the form of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series and the terms of the Securities of that Series or of Securities within that Series, (b) an Officers Certificate complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5, and (c) an Opinion of Counsel complying with Sections 10.4 and
10.5.

The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities of such Series: (a) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that
such action may not be taken lawfully; or (b) if the Trustee in good faith determines that such action may expose the Trustee to personal liability.

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Company to authenticate Securities. An authenticating agent may authenticate Securities whenever the Trustee may do so. Each
reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company.

Section 2.4Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent.

The Company shall maintain, with respect to each Series of Securities, at the place or places specified with respect to such Series pursuant to Section 2.2, an office or agency where Securities of
such Series may be presented or surrendered for payment (Paying Agent), where Securities of such Series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange (Registrar)
and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such Series and this Indenture may be delivered (Notice Agent). The Registrar shall keep a register with respect to each
Series of Securities and to their transfer and exchange. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the name and address, and any change in the name or address, of each Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent. If at any time the
Company shall fail to maintain any such required Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the name and address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the
Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands; provided, however, that any appointment of the Trustee as the Notice
Agent shall exclude the appointment of the Trustee or any office of the Trustee as an agent to receive the service of legal process on the Company.

7

The Company may also from time to time designate one or more co-registrars, additional paying agents or additional notice agents and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided,
however, that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligations to maintain a Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent in each place so specified pursuant to Section 2.2 for Securities of any Series
for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the name or address of any such co-registrar, additional paying agent or additional notice agent. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar; the term Paying Agent includes any additional paying agent; and the term Notice Agent
includes any additional notice agent. The Company or any of its Affiliates may serve as Registrar or Paying Agent.

The Company hereby appoints the Trustee the initial Registrar, Paying Agent and Notice Agent for each Series unless another Registrar, Paying Agent or Notice Agent, as the case may be, is appointed
prior to the time Securities of that Series are first issued. The rights, powers, duties, obligations and actions of each Agent under this Indenture are several and not joint or joint and several, and the Agents shall only be obliged to perform
those duties expressly set out in this Indenture and shall have no implied duties.

Section 2.5Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust.

The Company shall require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that the Paying Agent will hold in trust, for the benefit of Holders of any Series of Securities or the
Trustee, all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on the Series of Securities and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment. While any such default continues,
the Trustee may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Company at any time may require a Paying Agent to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the
Company or a Subsidiary of the Company) shall have no further liability for the money. If the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of Holders of any Series
of Securities all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to the Company, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, a Paying Agent and
the Trustee shall be held harmless and have no liability with respect to payments or disbursements (including to the Holders) until they have confirmed receipt of funds sufficient to make the relevant payment. No money held by an Agent needs to be
segregated except as is required by law.

Section 2.6Holder Lists.

If it is serving as Registrar, the Trustee shall preserve in as current a form as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of Holders of each Series
of Securities and shall otherwise comply with TIA 312(a). If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee at least ten days before each interest payment date and at such other times as
the Trustee may request in writing a list, in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of Holders of each Series of Securities.

Every Holder, by receiving and holding Securities, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee or any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by
reason of the disclosure of any such information as to the names and addresses of the Holders in accordance with TIA 312, regardless of the source from which such information was derived, and that the Trustee shall
not be held accountable by reason of mailing any material pursuant to a request made under TIA 312(b).

8

Section 2.7Transfer and Exchange.

Where Securities of a Series are presented to the Registrar or a co-registrar with a request to register a transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of Securities of the same
Series, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make the exchange if its requirements for such transactions are met. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Trustee shall authenticate Securities at the Registrars request. No
service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange (except as otherwise expressly permitted herein), but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in
connection therewith (other than any such transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable upon exchanges pursuant to Sections 2.11, 3.6 or 9.6).

Neither the Company nor the Registrar shall be required (a) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series for the period beginning at the
opening of business 15 days immediately preceding the sending of a notice of redemption of Securities of that Series selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent, (b) to
register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any such Securities selected, called or being called for redemption in part or (c) to register the transfer of or exchange Securities of any Series between a record date and payment date for such Series of Securities.

Section 2.8Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.

If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same Series and of like
tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such security
or indemnity bond as may be required by each of them to hold itself and any of its agents harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall
execute and upon receipt of a Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and make available for delivery, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same Series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing
a number not contemporaneously outstanding.

In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such
Security.

Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation
thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

Every new Security of any Series issued pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company,
whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that Series duly issued
hereunder.

The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or
stolen Securities.

Section 2.9Outstanding Securities.

The Securities outstanding at any time are all the Securities authenticated by the Trustee except for those canceled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest
on a Global Security effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions hereof and those described in this Section as not outstanding.

9

If a Security is replaced pursuant to Section 2.8, it ceases to be outstanding until the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the replaced Security is held by a bona fide purchaser.

If the Paying Agent (other than the Company, a Subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate of the Company) holds on the Maturity of Securities of a Series money sufficient to pay such Securities
payable on that date, then on and after that date such Securities of the Series cease to be outstanding and interest on them ceases to accrue.

The Company may purchase or otherwise acquire the Securities, whether by open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise. A Security does not cease to be outstanding because the Company
or an Affiliate of the Company holds the Security (but see Section 2.10 below).

In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of outstanding Securities have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the
principal amount of a Discount Security that shall be deemed to be outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration of
the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 6.2.

Section 2.10Treasury Securities.

In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of Securities of a Series have concurred in any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, Securities
of a Series owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company shall be disregarded, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice,
consent or waiver only Securities of a Series that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee knows are so owned shall be so disregarded.

Section 2.11Temporary Securities.

Until definitive Securities are ready for delivery, the Company may prepare and the Trustee shall authenticate temporary Securities upon a Company Order. Temporary Securities shall be substantially
in the form of definitive Securities but may have variations that the Company considers appropriate for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall prepare and the Trustee upon receipt of a Company Order shall authenticate
definitive Securities of the same Series and date of maturity in exchange for temporary Securities. Until so exchanged, temporary securities shall have the same rights under this Indenture as the definitive Securities.

Section 2.12Cancellation.

The Company at any time may deliver Securities to the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and the Paying Agent shall forward to the Trustee any Securities surrendered to them for registration
of transfer, exchange or payment. The Trustee shall cancel all Securities surrendered for transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall destroy such canceled Securities (subject to the record retention requirements of the
Exchange Act and the Trustee) and deliver a certificate of such cancellation to the Company upon written request of the Company. The Company may not issue new Securities to replace Securities that it has paid or delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation.

Section 2.13Defaulted Interest.

If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on a Series of Securities, it shall pay the defaulted interest, plus, to the extent permitted by law, any interest payable on the defaulted
interest, to the persons who are Holders of the Series on a subsequent special record date. The Company shall fix the record date and payment date. At least ten days before the special record date, the Company shall send to the Trustee and to each
Holder of the Series a notice that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of interest to be paid. The Company may pay defaulted interest in any other lawful manner.

10

Section 2.14Global Securities.

2.14.1Terms of Securities. A Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate shall
establish whether the Securities of a Series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and the Depositary for such Global Security or Securities.

2.14.2Transfer and Exchange. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained in Section 2.7 of this
Indenture and in addition thereto, any Global Security shall be exchangeable pursuant to Section 2.7 of this Indenture for Securities registered in the names of Holders other than the Depositary for such Security or its nominee only if (i) such Depositary notifies the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or if at any time such Depositary ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange
Act, and, in either case, the Company fails to appoint a successor Depositary registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act within 90 days of such event, (ii) the Company, in its sole discretion, executes and delivers to the Trustee an
Officers Certificate to the effect that such Global Security shall be so exchangeable or (iii) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Series of Securities. Any Global Security that is exchangeable pursuant to the
preceding sentence shall be exchangeable for Securities registered in such names as the Depositary shall direct in writing in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security with like tenor and terms.

Except as provided in this Section 2.14.2, a Global Security may not be transferred except as a whole by the Depositary with respect to such Global Security to a
nominee of such Depositary, by a nominee of such Depositary to such Depositary or another nominee of such Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such a successor Depositary.

None of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under
applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants, members or beneficial owners in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates
and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements
hereof.

None of the Trustee or any Agent shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner of a Global Security, a member of, or a participant in the Depositary or other Person with
respect to the accuracy of the records of the Depositary or its nominee or of any participant or member thereof, with respect to any ownership interest in any Security or with respect to the delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or
other Person (other than the Depositary) of any notice (including any notice of optional redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Security.

2.14.3Legends. Any Global Security issued hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS
EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE
DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

In addition, so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) is the Depositary, each Global Security registered in the name of DTC or its nominee shall bear
a legend in substantially the following form:

11

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

2.14.4Acts of Holders. The Depositary, as a Holder, may appoint agents and otherwise authorize participants to give
or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action which a Holder is entitled to give or take under this Indenture.

2.14.5Payments. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Indenture, unless otherwise specified as contemplated
by Section 2.2, payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on any Global Security shall be made to the Holder thereof.

2.14.6Agent Members. The registered Holder of a Security will be treated as the owner of such Security for all
purposes and only registered Holders shall have rights under this Indenture and the Securities. Members of, or participants in, the Depositary (Agent Members), and persons who hold beneficial interests in
a Global Security through an Agent Member shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Security held on their behalf by the Depositary. The Depositary may be treated by the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the
Registrar and any agent of the foregoing as the absolute owner of the Global Securities for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or any agent
of the foregoing from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices of such Depositary governing
the exercise of the rights of a Holder of a beneficial interest in any Global Security.

Section 2.15CUSIP Numbers.

The Company in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided
that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other elements of
identification printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.

ARTICLE III

REDEMPTION

Section 3.1Notice to Trustee.

The Company may, with respect to any Series of Securities, reserve the right to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or may covenant to redeem and pay the Series of Securities or any part
thereof prior to the Stated Maturity thereof at such time and on such terms as provided for in such Securities. If a Series of Securities is redeemable and the Company wants or is obligated to redeem prior to the Stated Maturity thereof all or part
of the Series of Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, it shall notify the Trustee in writing of the redemption date and the principal amount of the Series of Securities to be redeemed. The Company shall give the notice at least 10
days before the redemption date (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Trustee).

12

Section 3.2Selection of Securities to be Redeemed.

Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate, if less than all the Securities of a Series are to be
redeemed, the Securities of the Series to be redeemed will be selected as follows: (a) if the Securities are in the form of Global Securities, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, (b) if the Securities are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange, if any, on which the Securities are listed or (c) if not otherwise provided for under clause (a) or (b) in the manner that the Trustee deems fair and appropriate, including by lot or other method, unless otherwise required by law or
applicable stock exchange requirements, subject, in the case of Global Securities, to the applicable rules and procedures of the Depositary. The Securities to be redeemed shall be selected from Securities of the Series outstanding not previously
called for redemption. Portions of the principal of Securities of the Series that have denominations larger than $2,000 may be selected for redemption. Securities of the Series and portions of them it selected for redemption shall be in amounts of
$2,000 or whole multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof or, with respect to Securities of any Series issuable in other denominations pursuant to Section 2.2.10, the minimum principal denomination for each Series and the authorized integral multiples
thereof. Provisions of this Indenture that apply to Securities of a Series called for redemption also apply to portions of Securities of that Series called for redemption. Neither the Trustee nor the Paying Agent shall be liable for any selection
made by it in accordance with this paragraph (including the procedures of the Depositary).

Section 3.3Notice of Redemption.

Unless otherwise indicated for a particular Series by Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate, at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before a redemption
date, the Company shall send or cause to be sent by first-class mail or electronically, in accordance with the procedures of the Depositary, a notice of redemption to each Holder whose Securities are to be redeemed.

The notice shall identify the Securities of the Series to be redeemed and shall state:

(a) the redemption date;

(b) the redemption price;

(c) the name and address of the Paying Agent;

(d) if any Securities are being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such
Securities to be redeemed and that, after the redemption date and upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Security shall be issued in the name of the Holder
thereof upon cancellation of the original Security;

(e) that Securities of the Series called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying Agent to
collect the redemption price;

(f) that interest on Securities of the Series called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after
the redemption date unless the Company defaults in the deposit of the redemption price;

(g) the CUSIP number, if any;

(h) if applicable, any conditions to such redemption; and

(i) any other information as may be required by the terms of the particular Series or the Securities of a Series being redeemed.

13

Notice of any redemption of any Securities of a Series may, at the Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate
transaction (including, but not limited to, any merger, acquisition, disposition, asset sale or corporate restructuring or reorganization) or financing (including, but not limited to, any incurrence of indebtedness (or entering into a commitment
with respect thereto), sale and leaseback transaction, issuance of securities, equity offering or contribution, liability management transaction or other capital raise) and may be given prior to the completion thereof. In such event, the related
notice of redemption for Securities of such Series will describe each such condition precedent and, if applicable, will state that, at the Companys discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after
the notice of redemption was given) as any or all such conditions precedent are satisfied or waived by the Company in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such
conditions precedent have not been satisfied (or waived by the Company in its sole discretion) by the redemption date, or by the redemption date as so delayed. In addition, the Company may provide in any such notice that payment of the redemption
price and performance of its obligations with respect to such redemption may be performed by another person. If any such redemption has been rescinded or delayed, the Company will provide written notice to the Trustee prior to the close of business
two Business Days before the applicable redemption date and, upon receipt, the Trustee will provide such notice to each registered Holder of Securities of such Series.

At the Companys request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the Companys name and at its expense; provided, however, that the Company has delivered to the Trustee,
at least 10 days (unless a shorter time shall be acceptable to the Trustee) prior to the notice date, an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in such notice and the form
of such notice.

Section 3.4Effect of Notice of Redemption.

Once notice of redemption is sent as provided in Section 3.3, Securities of a Series called for redemption become due and payable on the redemption date and at the redemption price. Upon surrender
to the Paying Agent, such Securities shall be paid at the redemption price plus accrued interest to the redemption date.

Section 3.5Deposit of Redemption Price.

On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the redemption date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest, if any, on
all Securities to be redeemed on that date.

Section 3.6Securities
Redeemed in Part.

Upon surrender of a Security that is redeemed in part, the Trustee shall authenticate for the Holder a new Security of the same Series and the same maturity equal in principal amount to the
unredeemed portion of the Security surrendered.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS

Section 4.1Payment of Principal and Interest.

The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of the Holders of each Series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest, if any, on the Securities of that
Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture. On or before 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the applicable payment date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the principal of and
interest, if any, on the Securities of each Series in accordance with the terms of such Securities and this Indenture.

Section 4.2SEC Reports.

To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 15 days after it files them with the SEC copies of the annual reports and of the
information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Company also shall comply with the other provisions of TIA 314(a). Reports, information and documents filed with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be
deemed to be delivered to the Trustee as of the time of such filing via EDGAR for purposes of this Section 4.2.

14

Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under this Section 4.2 is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive
or actual notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of the covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers
Certificates). All such reports, information or documents referred to in this Section 4.2 that the Company files with the SEC via the SECs EDGAR system shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee and transmitted to Holders at the time such
reports, information or documents are filed via the EDGAR system (or any successor system).

Section 4.3Compliance Certificate.

To the extent any Securities of a Series are outstanding, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, an Officers Certificate
stating that a review of the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officer with a view to determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and
fulfilled its obligations under this Indenture, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his/her knowledge the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled each and every covenant contained in
this Indenture and is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions hereof (or, if a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, describing all such Defaults or Events of Default of which the
Officer may have knowledge).

Section 4.4Stay, Extension and Usury Laws.

The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, plead or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay,
extension or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture or the Securities; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all
benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though
no such law has been enacted.

ARTICLE V

SUCCESSORS

Section 5.1When Company May Merge, Etc.

The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of its properties and assets to, any person (a successor
person) unless:

(a) the Company is the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than the Company) is a
corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes by supplemental indenture the Companys obligations on the Securities and under this Indenture;
and

(b) immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have
occurred and be continuing.

The Company shall deliver to the Trustee prior to the consummation of the proposed transaction an Officers Certificate to the foregoing effect and an Opinion of Counsel stating
that the proposed transaction and any supplemental indenture comply with this Indenture.

15

Notwithstanding the above, any Subsidiary of the Company may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to the Company. Neither an Officers
Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection therewith.

Section 5.2Successor Corporation Substituted.

Upon any consolidation or merger, or any sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company in accordance with Section 5.1, the successor
corporation formed by such consolidation or into or with which the Company is merged or to which such sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the
Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor person has been named as the Company herein; provided, however, that the predecessor Company in the case of a sale, conveyance or other disposition (other than a
lease) shall be released from all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

ARTICLE VI

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Section 6.1Events of
Default.

Event of Default, wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any Series, means any one of the following events, unless in the establishing Board
Resolution, supplemental indenture or Officers Certificate it is provided that such Series shall not have the benefit of said Event of Default:

(a) default in the payment of any interest on any Security of that Series when it becomes due and
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of such payment is deposited by the Company with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the 30th day of such period);

(b) default in the payment of principal of any Security of that Series when due at its Maturity;

(c) default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this
Indenture (other than defaults pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above or pursuant to a covenant or warranty that has been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of a Series of
Securities other than that Series), which default continues uncured for a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25%
in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;

(d) the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law:

(i) commences a voluntary case,

(ii) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

(iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its
property,

(iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

(v) generally is unable to pay its debts as the same become due;

(e) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case,

16

(ii) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or

(iii) orders the liquidation of the Company, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect
for 60 days; or

(f) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of that Series, which is
specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate, in accordance with Section 2.2.19.

The term Bankruptcy Law means title 11, U.S. Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors. The term Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

The Company will provide the Trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will
describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take in respect thereof.

Section 6.2Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (other than an Event of Default referred to in Section 6.1(d) or (e)) then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series may declare the principal amount (or, if any Securities of that Series are
Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such Securities) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the Securities of that Series to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in
writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default
specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) shall occur, the principal amount (or specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding Securities shall ipso facto
become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.

At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to any Series has been made as a result of an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e)
above) and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series, by written
notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if all Events of Default with respect to Securities of that Series, other than the non-payment of the principal and interest, if any, of Securities
of that Series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 6.13.

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.3Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.

The Company covenants that if:

(a) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due
and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days,

(b) default is made in the payment of principal of any Security at the Maturity thereof, or

17

(c) default is made in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, if any, when and as due by the
terms of a Security, then, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal
and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and any overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such
further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

If the Company fails to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the
sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities and collect the moneys adjudged or deemed to be payable in the manner provided
by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated.

If an Event of Default with respect to any Securities of any Series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, subject to Article VII hereof, may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its
rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such Series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or
agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

Section 6.4Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.

In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to the Company or any
other obligor upon the Securities or the property of the Company or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand on the Company for the payment of overdue principal or interest) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise,

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal and interest owing and unpaid in
respect of the Securities and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the
Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceeding, and

(b) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims
and to distribute the same, and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the
event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the compensation, reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel and
any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or
composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

Section 6.5Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.

All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any
proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the compensation, reasonable
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.

18

Section 6.6Application of Money Collected.

Any money or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such
money or property on account of principal or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:

First: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.7; and

Second: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably,
without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and interest, respectively; and

Third: To the Company.

Section 6.7Limitation on Suits.

No Holder of any Security of any Series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or
for any other remedy hereunder, unless

(a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of
Default with respect to the Securities of that Series;

(b) the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that
Series shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c) such Holder or Holders have offered and, if requested, provided, to the Trustee indemnity or
security satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by the Trustee in compliance with such request;

(d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has
failed to institute any such proceeding; and

(e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such
60-day period by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of that Series; it being understood, intended and expressly covenanted by the Holder of every Security with every other Holder
and the Trustee that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain
or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all such Holders of the applicable Series.

19

Section 6.8Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive
Principal and Interest.

Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if
any, on such Security on the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date), and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights
shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

Section 6.9Restoration of Rights and Remedies.

If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been
determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions
hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.10Rights and Remedies Cumulative.

Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in Section 2.8, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to
the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or
hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not, to the extent permitted by law, prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate
right or remedy.

Section 6.11Delay or Omission Not Waiver.

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a
waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or
by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section 6.12Control by Holders.

The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such Series; provided that:

(a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture,

(b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with
such direction,

(c) subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to
follow any such direction if the Trustee in good faith shall, by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, determine that the proceeding so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability, and

(d) prior to taking any action as directed under this Section 6.12, the Trustee shall be entitled
to indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

20

Section 6.13Waiver of Past Defaults.

The Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such Series, by written notice to the
Trustee and the Company, waive any past Default hereunder with respect to such Series and its consequences, except a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of such Series (provided, however, that the
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series may rescind and annul an acceleration above and its consequences (other than an acceleration as a result of an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or
(e)), including any related payment default that resulted from such acceleration). Upon any such waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this
Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.14Undertaking for Costs.

All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the
enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit,
and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant;
but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Company, to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of
the outstanding Securities of any Series, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security on or after the Maturity of such Security, including the Stated Maturity expressed
in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the redemption date).

ARTICLE VII

TRUSTEE

Section 7.1Duties of
Trustee.

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights
and powers vested in it by this Indenture and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs.

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) The Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and
no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee.

(ii) In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of
the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; provided, however, in the case
of any such Officers Certificates or Opinions of Counsel which by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine such Officers Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to determine whether or
not they conform to the form requirements of this Indenture.

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent
failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i) This paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this
Section.

21

(ii) The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible
Officer, unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

(iii) The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken
by it with respect to Securities of any Series in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series relating to the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series in accordance with Section 6.12.

(d) Every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to
paragraph (a), (b) and (c) of this Section.

(e) The Trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any right or power unless it receives
indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power.

(f) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee
may agree in writing with the Company. Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

(g) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to risk its own funds or otherwise
incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if adequate indemnity against such risk is not assured to the Trustee in its satisfaction.

(h) The Paying Agent, the Notice Agent, the Registrar, any authenticating agent and the Trustee
when acting in any other capacity hereunder shall be entitled to the protections and immunities as are set forth in this Article VII.

(i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including
its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and will be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities under this Indenture.

Section 7.2Rights of Trustee.

(a) The Trustee may rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any
document (whether in its original or facsimile form) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document.

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an
Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel.

(c) The Trustee may act through agents and shall not be responsible for the misconduct or
negligence of any agent appointed with due care. No Depositary shall be deemed an agent of the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any act or omission by any Depositary.

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which
it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers.

(e) The Trustee may consult with counsel and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel
shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.

22

(f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it
by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders of Securities unless such Holders shall have offered and, if requested, provided, to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

(g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in
any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such
further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit.

(h) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless a
Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received by a Responsible Officer at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references the
Securities generally or the Securities of a particular Series and this Indenture.

(i) In no event shall the Trustee be liable to any person for special, punitive, indirect,
consequential or incidental loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage.

(j) The permissive right of the Trustee to take the actions permitted by this Indenture shall not
be construed as an obligation or duty to do so.

(k) The Trustee will not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of
this Indenture or otherwise.

Section 7.3Individual Rights of Trustee.

The Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and may otherwise deal with the Company or an Affiliate of the Company with the same rights it
would have if it were not Trustee. Any Agent may do the same with like rights. The Trustee is also subject to Sections 7.10 and 7.11.

Section 7.4Trustees Disclaimer.

The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture or the Securities. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the Companys use of the proceeds from the
Securities and shall not be responsible for any statement in the Securities other than its certificate of authentication.

Section 7.5Notice of Defaults.

If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Securities of any Series and if it is known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall send to each
Holder of the Securities of that Series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. Except in the case of a
Default or Event of Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Security of any Series, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as the Trustee in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Holders
of that Series. The Trustee will not be deemed to have notice or be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice thereof has been received by a Responsible Officer, and such notice references the applicable Series
of Securities and this Indenture and states on its face that a Default or Event of Default has occurred.

Section 7.6Reports by Trustee to Holders.

Within 60 days after each anniversary of this Indenture, the Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Holders, as their names and addresses appear on the register kept by the Registrar, a brief report
dated as of such anniversary date, in accordance with, and to the extent required under, TIA 313.

23

A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Holders of any Series shall be filed with the SEC and each national securities exchange on which the Securities of that Series are listed. The
Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing when Securities of any Series are listed on any national securities exchange.

Section 7.7Compensation and Indemnity.

The Company shall pay to the Trustee from time to time compensation for its services as the Company and the Trustee shall from time to time agree upon in writing. The Trustees compensation shall
not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Company shall reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and
expenses of the Trustees agents and counsel.

The Company shall indemnify each of the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee (including for the cost of defending itself) against any cost, expense or liability, including taxes (other than taxes
based upon, measured by or determined by the income of the Trustee) incurred by it except as set forth in the next paragraph in the performance of its duties under this Indenture as Trustee or Agent. The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of
any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder, unless and to the extent that the Company is materially prejudiced thereby. The Company shall
defend the claim and the Trustee shall cooperate in the defense. The Trustee may have separate counsel, and the Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its
consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. This indemnification shall apply to officers, directors, employees, shareholders and agents of the Trustee.

The Company need not reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee or by any officer, director, employee, shareholder or agent of the Trustee through
willful misconduct or negligence, as determined by a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction.

To secure the Companys payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities of any Series on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except
that held in trust to pay principal of and interest on particular Securities of that Series.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.1(d) or (e) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the
services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.

Section 7.8Replacement of Trustee.

A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only upon the successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section.

The Trustee may resign with respect to the Securities of one or more Series by so notifying the Company at least 30 days prior to the date of the proposed resignation. The Holders of a majority in
principal amount of the Securities of any Series may remove the Trustee with respect to that Series by so notifying the Trustee and the Company. The Company may remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of one or more Series if:

(a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10;

(b) the Trustee is adjudged a bankrupt or an insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect
to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

(c) a Custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or

24

(d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor
Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Securities may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Company.

If a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any one or more Series does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the
Company or the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Securities of the applicable Series may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Company. Immediately after that, the retiring Trustee shall transfer all property held
by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee, subject to the lien provided for in Section 7.7, the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the
Trustee with respect to each Series of Securities for which it is acting as Trustee under this Indenture. A successor Trustee shall send a notice of its succession to each Holder of each such Series. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee
pursuant to this Section 7.8, the Companys obligations under Section 7.7 hereof shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee with respect to expenses and liabilities incurred by it for actions taken or omitted to be taken in accordance
with its rights, powers and duties under this Indenture prior to such replacement.

Section 7.9Successor Trustee by Merger, Etc.

Any organization or entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or entity resulting from any merger, conversion or
consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, provided such organization or
entity shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 7.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto.

Section 7.10Eligibility; Disqualification.

This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements of TIA 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus
of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. The Trustee shall comply with TIA 310(b).

Section 7.11Preferential
Collection of Claims Against Company.

The Trustee is subject to TIA 311(a), excluding any creditor relationship listed in TIA 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been
removed shall be subject to TIA 311(a) to the extent indicated.

ARTICLE VIII

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE; DEFEASANCE

Section 8.1Satisfaction
and Discharge of Indenture.

This Indenture shall upon Company Order be discharged with respect to the Securities of any Series and cease to be of further effect as to all Securities of such Series (except as hereinafter
provided in this Section 8.1), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when

(a) either

25

(i) all Securities of such Series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than Securities
that have been destroyed, lost or stolen and that have been replaced or paid) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or

(ii) all such Securities of such Series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation:

(1) 

have become due and payable by reason of sending a notice of redemption or otherwise,

(2) 

will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year,

(3) 

have been called for redemption or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at
the expense, of the Company, or

(4) 

are deemed paid and discharged pursuant to Section 8.3, as applicable, and the Company, in the case of (1), (2) or (3) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust
funds in trust (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, money and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite
currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, in each case of (i) and (ii) in an amount sufficient for the purpose of paying and discharging each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous
payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest are due;

(b) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and

(c) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel,
each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, (x) the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.7, (y)
if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (a) of this Section, the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.7, 2.8, 2.14, 8.2 and 8.5, and (z) the rights, powers, trusts
and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Companys obligations in connection therewith shall survive.

Section 8.2Application of Trust Funds;
Indemnification.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8.5, all money and U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign
Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 and all money received by the Trustee in respect of U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section
8.1, 8.3 or 8.4, shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as
the Trustee may determine, to the persons entitled thereto, of the principal and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with or received by the Trustee or to make mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments as
contemplated by Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4.

(b) The Company shall pay and shall indemnify the Trustee (which indemnity shall survive
termination of this Indenture) against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Sections 8.1, 8.3 or 8.4 or the
interest and principal received in respect of such obligations other than any payable by or on behalf of Holders.

26

(c) The Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Order any U.S.
Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations or money held by it as provided in Sections 8.3 or 8.4 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or
investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are then in excess of the amount thereof which then would have been required to be deposited for the purpose for which such U.S. Government Obligations or
Foreign Government Obligations or money were deposited or received. This provision shall not authorize the sale by the Trustee of any U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held under this Indenture.

Section 8.3Legal Defeasance of Securities of any Series.

Unless this Section 8.3 is otherwise specified, pursuant to Section 2.2, to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire
indebtedness on all the outstanding Securities of any Series on the 91st day after the date of the deposit referred to in subparagraph (d) hereof, and the provisions of this Indenture, as it relates to such outstanding
Securities of such Series, shall no longer be in effect (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall, upon receipt of a Company Order, execute instruments acknowledging the same), except as to:

(a) the rights of Holders of Securities of such Series to receive, from the trust funds described
in subparagraph (d) hereof, (i) payment of the principal of and each installment of principal of and interest on the outstanding Securities of such Series on the Maturity of such principal
or installment of principal or interest and (ii) the benefit of any mandatory sinking fund payments applicable to the Securities of such Series on the day on which such payments are due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and
the Securities of such Series;

(b) the provisions of Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.7, 2.8, 2.14, 7.7, 8.2,
8.3, 8.5 and 8.6; and

(c) the rights, powers, trusts and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and the Companys
obligations in connection therewith;provided that, the following conditions shall have been satisfied:

(d) the Company shall have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited (except as provided in
Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds specifically pledged as security for and dedicated solely to the benefit of the Holders of such Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in
Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment
of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money,
an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of
principal of and interest, on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of all the Securities of such Series on the dates such installments of principal or interest and such sinking fund payments are due;

(e) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this
Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound;

(f) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have
occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or during the period ending on the 91st day after such date;

27

(g) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel to the effect that (i) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (ii) since the date of execution of this Indenture, there has been a change in the
applicable Federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes
as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred;

(h) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the
deposit was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and

(i) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for relating to the defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

Section 8.4Covenant Defeasance.

Unless this Section 8.4 is otherwise specified pursuant to Section 2.2 to be inapplicable to Securities of any Series, the Company may omit to comply with respect to the Securities of any Series
with any term, provision or condition set forth under Sections 4.2, 4.3, 4.4 and 5.1 and, unless otherwise specified therein, any additional covenants specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities
or a Board Resolution or an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 (and the failure to comply with any such covenants shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default with respect to such Series under Section 6.1) and the
occurrence of any event specified in a supplemental indenture for such Series of Securities or a Board Resolution or an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 and designated as an Event of Default shall not constitute a Default or
Event of Default hereunder, with respect to the Securities of such Series, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities will be unaffected thereby; provided that the following conditions shall have been
satisfied:

(a) with reference to this Section 8.4, the Company has irrevocably deposited or caused to be
irrevocably deposited (except as provided in Section 8.2(c)) with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the Holders of such
Securities (i) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in Dollars, cash in Dollars and/or U.S. Government Obligations or (ii) in the case of Securities of such Series denominated in a Foreign Currency
(other than a composite currency), money and/or Foreign Government Obligations, which through the payment of interest and principal in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide (and without reinvestment and assuming no tax
liability will be imposed on such Trustee), not later than one day before the due date of any payment of money, an amount in cash, sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants or investment
bank expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge each installment of principal (including mandatory sinking fund payments or analogous payments) of and interest on all the Securities of such Series on
the dates such installments of principal or interest are due;

(b) such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this
Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound;

(c) no Default or Event of Default with respect to the Securities of such Series shall have
occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit;

(d) the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Securities of such Series will not recognize income, gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and covenant defeasance and will be subject to Federal income tax on the
same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and covenant defeasance had not occurred;

28

(e) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating the deposit
was not made by the Company with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other creditors of the Company; and

(f) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the covenant defeasance contemplated by this Section have been complied with.

Section 8.5Repayment to Company.

Subject to applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon request any money held by them for the payment of principal and interest that remains
unclaimed for two years. After that, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors unless an applicable abandoned property law designates another person.

Section 8.6Reinstatement.

If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money deposited with respect to Securities of any Series in accordance with Section 8.1 by reason of any legal proceeding or by reason of
any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the obligations of the Company under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such Series and under the
Securities of such Series shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 8.1 until such time as the Trustee or the Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance with Section 8.1; provided,
however, that if the Company has made any payment of principal of or interest on any Securities because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such
payment from the money, U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held by the Trustee or Paying Agent after payment in full to the Holders.

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS

Section 9.1Without Consent of Holders.

The Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series without the consent of any Holder:

(a) to cure any ambiguity, mistake, defect or inconsistency;

(b) to comply with Article V;

(c) to provide for uncertificated Securities in addition to or in place of certificated Securities;

(d) to add guarantees with respect to Securities of any Series or secure Securities of any Series;

(e) to surrender any of the Companys rights or powers under this Indenture;

(f) to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of Securities of any Series;

(g) to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary;

(h) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder;

(i) to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of Securities of
any Series as permitted by this Indenture;

29

(j) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee
with respect to the Securities of one or more Series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee; or

(k) to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this
Indenture under the TIA.

Section 9.2With Consent of Holders.

Subject to Section 9.3, the Company and the Trustee may enter into a supplemental indenture with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding
Securities of each Series affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series), for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any
manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of each such Series. Except as provided in Section 6.13, and subject to Section 9.3, the Holders
of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series by notice to the Trustee (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer for the Securities of such Series) may waive compliance
by the Company with any provision of this Indenture or the Securities with respect to such Series.

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders of Securities under this Section 9.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture or waiver, but it shall be
sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. After a supplemental indenture or waiver under this section becomes effective, the Company shall send to the Holders of Securities affected thereby, a notice briefly describing the
supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure by the Company to send such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture or waiver.

Section 9.3Limitations.

Without the consent of each Holder affected, an amendment or waiver may not:

(a) reduce the principal amount of Securities whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or
waiver;

(b) reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any
Security;

(c) reduce the principal or change the Stated Maturity of any Security or reduce the amount of, or
postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation;

(d) reduce the principal amount of Discount Securities payable upon acceleration of the maturity
thereof;

(e) waive a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of or interest, if any, on
any Security (except a rescission of acceleration of the Securities of any Series by the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such
acceleration);

(f) make the principal of or interest, if any, on any Security payable in any currency other than
that stated in the Security;

(g) make any change in Sections 6.8, 6.13 or 9.3 (this sentence); or

(h) waive a redemption payment with respect to any Security, provided that such redemption is made
at the Companys option.

30

Section 9.4Compliance with Trust Indenture Act.

Every amendment to this Indenture or the Securities of one or more Series shall be set forth in a supplemental indenture hereto that complies with the TIA as then in effect.

Section 9.5Revocation and Effect of Consents.

Until an amendment is set forth in a supplemental indenture or a waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder of a Security is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent
Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Security, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Security. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to
his Security or portion of a Security if the Trustee receives the notice of revocation before the date of the supplemental indenture or the date the waiver becomes effective.

Any amendment or waiver once effective shall bind every Holder of each Series affected by such amendment or waiver unless it is of the type described in any of clauses (a) through (h) of Section 9.3. In that case, the amendment or waiver shall bind each Holder of a Security who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security or portion of a Security that evidences the same debt as
the consenting Holders Security.

The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders entitled to give their consent or take any other action described above or required or
permitted to be taken pursuant to this Indenture. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the second immediately preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those
Persons, shall be entitled to give such consent or to revoke any consent previously given or take any such action, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than
120 days after such record date.

Section 9.6Notation on or Exchange of Securities.

The Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, place an appropriate notation about an amendment or waiver on any Security of any Series thereafter authenticated. The Company in
exchange for Securities of that Series may issue and the Trustee shall authenticate upon receipt of a Company Order in accordance with Section 2.3 new Securities of that Series that reflect the amendment or waiver.

Section 9.7Trustee Protected.

In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee
shall be entitled to receive, upon request, an Officers Certificate and/or an Opinion of Counsel complying with Sections 10.4 and 10.5 and (subject to Section 7.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon such
Officers Certificate and/or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee shall sign all supplemental indentures upon delivery of such an Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel or both, except that the Trustee need not sign any supplemental indenture that
adversely affects its rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture.

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1Trust Indenture Act Controls.

If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision which is required or deemed to be included in this Indenture by the TIA, such required or deemed provision
shall control.

31

Section 10.2Notices.

Any notice or communication by the Company or the Trustee to the other, or by a Holder to the Company or the Trustee, is duly given if in writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class
mail or by email to the others address:

if to the Company:

Synopsys, Inc.

675 Almanor Avenue

Sunnyvale, California 94085

Attention: Treasurer

Email: Treasury@Synopsys.com

With a copy to: General Counsel

Email: corporatelegal@synopsys.com

with a copy to:

Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP

One Liberty Plaza

New York, New York 10006

Attention: Helena Grannis, Esq. and Duane McLaughlin, Esq.

Email: hgrannis@cgsh.com and dmclaughlin@cgsh.com

if to the Trustee:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

Global Corporate Trust Services

1 California Street, Suite 1000

San Francisco, California 94111

Attention: David Jason (Synopsys, Inc.)

Email: david.jason@usbank.com

The Company or the Trustee by notice to the other may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be sent electronically or by first-class mail or overnight air courier to his, her or its address shown on the register kept by the Registrar, in
accordance with the procedures of the Depositary. Failure to send a notice or communication to a Holder of any Series or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders of that or any other Series.

If a notice or communication is sent or published in the manner provided above, within the time prescribed, it is duly given, whether or not the Holder receives it.

If the Company sends a notice or communication to Holders, it shall send a copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

The Trustee shall not have any duty to confirm that the person sending any notice, instruction or other communication by electronic transmission (including by e-mail, facsimile transmission, web
portal or other electronic methods) is, in fact, a person authorized to do so. Electronic signatures believed by the Trustee to comply with the ESIGN Act of 2000 or other applicable law (including electronic images of handwritten signatures and
digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Orbit, Adobe Sign or any other digital signature provider acceptable to the Trustee) shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes. The Company assumes all risks arising out of the use of electronic
signatures and electronic methods to send communications to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on an unauthorized communication, and the risk of interception or misuse by third parties.

32

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Security, where this Indenture or any Security provides for notice of any event (including any notice of redemption) to a Holder of a
Global Security (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given to the Depositary for such Security (or its designee) pursuant to the customary procedures of such Depositary.

Section 10.3Communication by Holders with Other
Holders.

Holders of any Series may communicate pursuant to TIA 312(b) with other Holders of that Series or any other Series with respect to their rights under this Indenture
or the Securities of that Series or all Series. The Company, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of TIA 312(c).

Section 10.4Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent.

Upon any request or application by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee:

(a) an Officers Certificate stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions
precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with; and

(b) an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions
precedent have been complied with.

Section 10.5Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion.

Each certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to TIA 314(a)(4)) shall comply with
the provisions of TIA 314(e) and shall include:

(a) a statement that the person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or
condition;

(b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the
statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

(c) a statement that, in the opinion of such person, such person has made such examination or
investigation as is necessary to enable such person to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

(d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such person, such condition or covenant
has been complied with.

Section 10.6Rules by Trustee and Agents.

The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or a meeting of Holders of one or more Series. Any Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions.

Section 10.7Legal Holidays.

If a payment date for any payment made under this Indenture is not a Business Day, payment may be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest shall accrue for the intervening period.

Section 10.8No Recourse Against Others.

A director, officer, employee or stockholder (past or present), as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the Securities or this Indenture or for
any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities.

33

Section 10.9Counterparts.

This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., .pdf or .tif) transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of
this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or electronic format (e.g., .pdf or .tif) shall be deemed to be their original
signatures for all purposes.

Unless otherwise provided herein or in any other Securities, the words execute, execution, signed and signature and words of similar import used in or related to any document to be signed
in connection with this Indenture, any Securities or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including amendments, waivers, consents and other modifications) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures and the keeping of records in
electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature in ink or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as applicable, to the fullest extent and as provided for in any
applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Section 10.10Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial; Consent to Jurisdiction.

THIS INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE AND THE HOLDERS (BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SECURITIES) EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Indenture or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America
located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such partys address set forth
above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The Company, the Trustee and the Holders (by their acceptance of the Securities) each hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any
objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.

Section 10.11No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements.

This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to
interpret this Indenture.

34

Section 10.12Successors.

All agreements of the Company in this Indenture and the Securities shall bind its successor. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successor.

Section 10.13Severability.

In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way
be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 10.14Table of Contents, Headings, Etc.

The Table of Contents, Cross Reference Table, headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof
and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 10.15Securities in a Foreign Currency.

Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series
of Securities, whenever for purposes of this Indenture any action may be taken by the Holders of a specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of Securities of all Series or all Series affected by a particular action at the time outstanding
and, at such time, there are outstanding Securities of any Series which are denominated in more than one currency, then the principal amount of Securities of such Series which shall be deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of taking such action
shall be determined by converting any such other currency into a currency that is designated upon issuance of any particular Series of Securities. Unless otherwise specified in a Board Resolution, a supplemental indenture hereto or an Officers
Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Indenture with respect to a particular Series of Securities, such conversion shall be at the spot rate for the purchase of the designated currency as published in The Financial Times in the
Currency Rates section (or, if The Financial Times is no longer published, or if such information is no longer available in The Financial Times, such source as may be selected in good faith by the Company) on any date of determination. The
provisions of this paragraph shall apply in determining the equivalent principal amount in respect of Securities of a Series denominated in currency other than Dollars in connection with any action taken by Holders of Securities pursuant to the
terms of this Indenture.

All decisions and determinations provided for in the preceding paragraph shall, in the absence of manifest error, to the extent permitted by law, be conclusive for all purposes and irrevocably
binding upon the Trustee and all Holders.

Section 10.16Judgment
Currency.

The Company agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is
necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of or interest or other amount on the Securities of any Series (the Required Currency) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the
Judgment Currency), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the
Judgment Currency on the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered, unless such day is not a New York Banking Day, then the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Trustee could
purchase in the City of New York the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency on the New York Banking Day preceding the day on which final unappealable judgment is entered and (b) its obligations under this
Indenture to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any tender, any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any
currency other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii)
shall be enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed
to be payable, and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under this Indenture. For purposes of the foregoing, New York Banking Day means any day except a Saturday,
Sunday or a legal holiday in the City of New York on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

35

Section 10.17Force Majeure.

In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond
its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes, pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, or acts of God, and
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable best efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking
industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 10.18U.S.A. Patriot Act.

The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to
satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.

ARTICLE XI

SINKING FUNDS

Section 11.1Applicability of Article.

The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of the Securities of a Series if so provided by the terms of such Securities pursuant to Section 2.2,
except as otherwise permitted or required by any form of Security of such Series issued pursuant to this Indenture.

The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of the Securities of any Series is herein referred to as a mandatory sinking fund payment
and any other amount provided for by the terms of Securities of such Series is herein referred to as an optional sinking fund payment. If provided for by the terms of Securities of any Series, the cash
amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 11.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities of any Series as provided for by the terms of the Securities of such Series.

Section 11.2Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.

The Company may, in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to the Securities of any Series to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities (1) deliver outstanding Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable (other than any of such Securities previously called for mandatory sinking fund redemption) and (2) apply as credit
Securities of such Series to which such sinking fund payment is applicable and which have been repurchased by the Company or redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Series of Securities (except pursuant to any
mandatory sinking fund) or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments or other optional redemptions pursuant to the terms of such Securities, provided that such Securities have not been previously so credited. Such
Securities shall be received by the Trustee, together with an Officers Certificate with respect thereto, not later than 15 days prior to the date on which the Trustee begins the process of selecting Securities for redemption and shall be credited
for such purpose by the Trustee at the price specified in such Securities for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly. If as a result of the delivery or credit of
Securities in lieu of cash payments pursuant to this Section 11.2, the principal amount of Securities of such Series to be redeemed in order to exhaust the aforesaid cash payment shall be less than $100,000, the Trustee need not call Securities of
such Series for redemption, except upon receipt of a Company Order that such action be taken, and such cash payment shall be held by the Trustee or a Paying Agent and applied to the next succeeding sinking fund payment, provided, however,
that the Trustee or such Paying Agent shall from time to time upon receipt of a Company Order pay over and deliver to the Company any cash payment so being held by the Trustee or such Paying Agent upon delivery by the Company to the Trustee of
Securities of that Series purchased by the Company having an unpaid principal amount equal to the cash payment required to be released to the Company.

36

Section 11.3Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund.

Not less than 45 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, supplemental indenture hereto or Officers Certificate in respect of a particular Series of Securities) prior to each
sinking fund payment date for any Series of Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment for that Series pursuant to the terms of that Series,
the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting of Securities of that Series pursuant to Section 11.2, and the optional amount, if any,
to be added in cash to the next ensuing mandatory sinking fund payment, and the Company shall thereupon be obligated to pay the amount therein specified. Not less than 30 days (unless otherwise indicated in the Board Resolution, Officers
Certificate or supplemental indenture in respect of a particular Series of Securities) before each such sinking fund payment date the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date will be selected in the manner specified in Section
3.2, and the Company shall send or cause to be sent a notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in and in accordance with Section 3.3. Such notice having been duly given,
the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 3.6.

37

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

Synopsys, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Shelagh Glaser

Name: Shelagh Glaser

Its: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ David Jason

Name: David Jason

Its: Vice President

38
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of March 17, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), is between SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee for the 2027 Notes defined below (in such capacity, the 2027 Trustee), the 2028 Notes defined below (in such capacity, the 2028 Trustee), the 2030 Notes defined below (in such capacity,
the 2030 Trustee), the 2032 Notes defined below (in such capacity, the 2032 Trustee), the 2035 Notes defined below (in such capacity, the 2035 Trustee) and the 2055 Notes defined below (in such capacity, the 2055
Trustee and, collectively with the 2027 Trustee, 2028 Trustee, 2030 Trustee, 2032 Trustee and 2035 Trustee, the Trustee), to the Base Indenture (as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee executed and delivered an Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture and, as amended and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture,
the Indenture), substantially in the form of indenture previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement (No. 333-285378) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on Form S-3 by the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized and desires to create six new series of Securities to be issued under the Indenture, as hereby supplemented, consisting of: (i) $1.0 billion in an initial
aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 4.550% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes), (ii) $1.0 billion in an initial aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 4.650% Senior Notes due 2028
(the 2028 Notes) (iii) $2.0 billion in an initial aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 4.850% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes), (iv) $1.5 billion in an initial aggregate principal amount of
Securities to be designated the 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes), (v) $2.4 billion in an initial aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 5.150% Senior Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and
(vi) $2.1 billion in an initial aggregate principal amount of Securities to be designated the 5.700% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes; together with the 2027 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes, the 2032 Notes and the 2035 Notes,
the Notes and each, a series of Notes), the form and substance of such Notes and the terms, provisions and conditions thereof to be set forth as provided in the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture;

WHEREAS, Section 9.1(i) of the Base Indenture provides that the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture without the written consent of the Holders of the outstanding
Securities to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of Securities of any series as permitted by the Indenture;

WHEREAS, all acts and things prescribed by the Indenture, by law and by the organizational documents of the Company and the Trustee necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid instrument
legally binding on the Company and the Trustee, in accordance with its terms, have been duly done and performed; and

WHEREAS, all conditions precedent to amend or supplement the Indenture have been met.

NOW, THEREFORE, to comply with the provisions of the Indenture, and in consideration of the above premises, the Company and the Trustee covenant and agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Section 1.01 Nature of Supplemental Indenture. This Supplemental Indenture supplements the Base Indenture and does and shall be deemed to form a
part of, and shall be construed in connection with and as part of, the Base Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 1.02 Establishment of New Series. Pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture, there is hereby established each series of Notes having the
terms, in addition to those set forth in the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, set forth in each form of Note attached to this Supplemental Indenture as Exhibit A (for the 2027 Notes), Exhibit B (for the 2028 Notes), Exhibit

C (for the 2030 Notes), Exhibit D (for the 2032 Notes), Exhibit E (for the 2035 Notes) and Exhibit F (for the 2055 Notes), which are incorporated herein as a part of this Supplemental Indenture. In addition to the
initial aggregate principal amount of each series of Notes issued on the date hereof, the Company may from time to time after the date hereof issue additional Notes of a series under the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture in accordance
with Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture.

Section 1.03 Title, Amount and Payment of Principal and Interest.

(a) The 2027 Notes shall be entitled the 4.550% Senior Notes due 2027. The 2027 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2027 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2027 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion, and (ii) additional 2027 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.03(a), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2027 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2027 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2027 Notes and any additional 2027 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2027 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2027. Each 2027 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 4.550% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2027 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2027 Notes Interest Payment Dates). Interest on the 2027 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2027 Notes on any 2027 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2027 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2027 Notes on any 2027 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2027 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2027 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2027 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2027 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2027 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

(b) The 2028 Notes shall be entitled the 4.650% Senior Notes due 2028. The 2028 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2028 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2028 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion, and (ii) additional 2028 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.03(b), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2028 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2028 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2028 Notes and any additional 2028 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2028 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2028. Each 2028 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 4.650% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2028 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2028 Notes Interest Payment Dates). Interest on the 2028 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2028 Notes on any 2028 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2028 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2028 Notes on any 2028 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2028 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2028 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2028 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2028 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2028 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

(c) The 2030 Notes shall be entitled the 4.850% Senior Notes due 2030. The 2030 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2030 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2030 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion, and (ii) additional 2030 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.03(c), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2030 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2030 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2030 Notes and any additional 2030 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2030 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2030. Each 2030 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 4.850% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2030 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2030 Notes Interest Payment Dates). Interest on the 2030 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2030 Notes on any 2030 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2030 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2030 Notes on any 2030 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2030 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2030 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2030 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2030 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2030 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

(d) The 2032 Notes shall be entitled the 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032. The 2032 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2032 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2032 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion, and (ii) additional 2032 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.03(d), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2032 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2032 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2032 Notes and any additional 2032 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2032 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2032. Each 2032 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 5.000% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2032 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2032 Notes Interest Payment Dates) Interest on the 2032 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2032 Notes on any 2032 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2032 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2032 Notes on any 2032 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2032 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2032 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2032 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2032 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2032 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

(e) The 2035 Notes shall be entitled the 5.150% Senior Notes due 2035. The 2035 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2035 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2035 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.4 billion, and (ii) additional 2035 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.3(e), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2035 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2035 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2035 Notes and any additional 2035 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2035 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2035. Each 2035 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 5.150% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2035 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2035 Notes Interest Payment Dates) Interest on the 2035 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2035 Notes on any 2035 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2035 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2035 Notes on any 2035 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2035 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2035 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2035 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2035 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2035 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

(f) The 2055 Notes shall be entitled the 5.700% Senior Notes due 2055. The 2055 Trustee shall authenticate and deliver (i) the 2055 Notes for original issue on the date hereof (the Original

2055 Notes) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.1 billion, and (ii) additional 2055 Notes for original issue from time to time after the date hereof in such principal amounts as may be specified in a Company Order described in this
Section 1.03(f), in each case upon a Company Order for the authentication and delivery thereof and satisfaction of the other provisions of Section 2.3 of the Base Indenture. Such Company Order shall specify the amount of the 2055 Notes to be
authenticated, the date on which the original issue of 2055 Notes is to be authenticated, and the name or names of the initial Holder or Holders. The Original 2055 Notes and any additional 2055 Notes issued and authenticated pursuant to clause
(ii) of this paragraph shall constitute a single series of Notes for all purposes under the Indenture.

The principal amount of each 2055 Note shall be payable on April 1, 2055. Each 2055 Note shall bear interest from the date of original issuance, or the most recent date to which interest has been paid, at the fixed
rate of 5.700% per annum. The dates on which interest on the 2055 Notes shall be payable shall be April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on October 1, 2025 (the 2055 Notes Interest Payment Dates). Interest on the 2055 Notes will be
computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code. The regular record date for interest payable on the 2055 Notes on any 2055 Notes Interest
Payment Date shall be March 15 and September 15, as the case may be, next preceding such 2055 Notes Interest Payment Date.

Payments of principal of, premium, if any, on, and interest due on the 2055 Notes on any 2055 Notes Interest Payment Date or at maturity will be made available to the 2055 Trustee by 11:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on such date, unless such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, in which case (x) such payments will be made available to the 2055 Trustee by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next Business Day, and (y) for so
long as clause (x) is satisfied, no interest shall accrue on the amount of interest due on such 2055 Notes Interest Payment Date for the period from and after such 2055 Notes Interest Payment Date and the date of payment. As soon as possible
thereafter, the 2055 Trustee will make such payments to the Depositary.

Section 1.04 Optional Redemption. (a) Prior to the maturity date, in the case of the 2027 Notes (the 2027 Notes Par Call Date), March 1,
2028 in the case of the 2028 Notes (one (1) month prior to their maturity date) (the 2028 Notes Par Call Date), March 1, 2030 in the case of the 2030 Notes (one (1) month prior to their maturity date) (the 2030 Notes Par Call Date),

February 1, 2032 in the case of the 2032 Notes (two (2) months prior to their maturity date) (the 2032 Notes Par Call Date), January 1, 2035 in the case of the 2035 Notes (three (3) months prior to their maturity date) (the 2035 Notes
Par Call Date) or October 1, 2054, in the case of the 2055 Notes (six (6) months prior to their maturity date) (the 2055 Notes Par Call Date, and together with the 2027 Notes Par Call Date,
2028 Notes Par Call Date, 2030 Notes Par Call Date, 2032 Notes Par Call Date and 2035 Notes Par Call Date, each a Par Call Date), the Company may redeem either series of Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed, in each case discounted to the
redemption date (assuming the Notes of such series matured on the applicable Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus (I) 10 basis points, in the case of the 2027
Notes, (II) 15 basis points, in the case of the 2028 Notes, (III) 15 basis points, in the case of the 2030 Notes, (IV) 15 basis points, in the case of the 2032 Notes, (V) 15 basis points, in the case of the 2035 Notes and (VI) 20 basis points, in
the case of the 2055 Notes, less (b) interest accrued thereon to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case for clause (i) or (ii) above, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not
including, the redemption date.

(b) Other than the 2027 Notes, at any time on or after the applicable Par Call Date, any series of Notes shall be redeemable as a whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the
Companys option, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption.

(c) The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(d) The calculation or determination of the redemption price shall be made by the Company or on its behalf by such person as the Company shall designate. For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation
or determination of the redemption price shall not be the obligation or responsibility of the Trustee or Paying Agent.

(e) Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on or after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on any Notes that have been called for redemption.

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may repurchase Notes at any time at any price or prices in the open market or otherwise and may hold such Notes or surrender such Notes to the Trustee
for cancellation.

(g) In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method the Trustee in its sole
discretion considers appropriate and fair in accordance with the depositarys procedures and any applicable stock exchanges procedures. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in
part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Note will state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed. Except in the case of global notes, a new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the
note will be issued in the name of the holder of the note upon surrender for cancellation of the original note. In the case of global notes, so long as the notes are held by The Depository Trust Company (DTC), Euroclear and Clearstream
(or another depositary), the redemption of the notes shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the applicable depositary.

Section 1.05 Special Mandatory Redemption.

If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and (y) the date that is five Business Days after any later date upon which Closing is permitted
to occur under the terms of the Merger Agreement (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the Issuer notifies the Trustee in writing that it will not pursue consummation of the Ansys Merger (any such event, a Special

Mandatory Redemption Event), then the Issuer will be required to redeem all outstanding 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of Holders of such 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes of
record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) (the Special Mandatory Redemption Price). Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the Special
Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after such Special Mandatory Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed.

In the event that the Issuer becomes obligated to redeem the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes pursuant to the Special Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer will promptly, and in any event not more than ten
Business Days after the Special Mandatory Redemption Event, deliver notice to the Trustee of the Special Mandatory Redemption and the date upon which the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes will be redeemed (the Special Mandatory
Redemption Date), which date shall be no later than the tenth Business Day following the date of such notice to the Trustee unless some longer minimum period may be required by DTC (or any successor depositary), together with a notice of
Special Mandatory Redemption for the Trustee to deliver to each registered Holder of the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes, which notice shall be provided to the Trustee with sufficient time to allow the Trustee to deliver such
notice to the Holders at least ten days prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (which is understood to mean at least one Business Day prior to the date on which the notice must be sent). The Trustee will then reasonably promptly mail or
electronically deliver (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the depositarys procedures) such notice of Special Mandatory Redemption to each registered Holder of the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes.

On or before the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Paying Agent for payment to each Holder of the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes the applicable Special Mandatory
Redemption Price for such Holders Notes.

Failure to make the Special Mandatory Redemption, if required in accordance with the terms described above, will constitute an Event of Default with respect to the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes and 2032 Notes.

Upon the consummation of the Ansys Merger, the foregoing provisions regarding Special Mandatory Redemption will cease to apply. For the purposes of the foregoing, the Ansys Merger will be deemed consummated if
Closing under the Merger Agreement occurs, including after giving effect to any amendments or modifications to the Merger Agreement or waivers thereunder acceptable to the Issuer.

For purposes of the foregoing discussion, the following definition applies:

Ansys means ANSYS, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Ansys Merger means the transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub (as defined below) will merge with and into Ansys, with Ansys surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

Merger Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2024, by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (Merger

Sub), as it may be amended from time to time.

ARTICLE II

Section 2.01 For all purposes of this Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context requires otherwise:

(a) A term defined in the Base Indenture and not otherwise defined herein has the same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture; and

(b) The following terms have the meanings given to them in this Section 2.01 and shall have the meaning set forth below for the purposes of this Supplemental Indenture and the Indenture
solely with respect to the Notes:

2028 Notes Par Call Date means March 1, 2028.

2030 Notes Par Call Date means March 1, 2030.

2032 Notes Par Call Date means February 1, 2032.

2035 Notes Par Call Date means January 1, 2035.

2055 Notes Par Call Date means October 1, 2054.

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for beneficial interests in any Global Note, the rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear and
Clearstream that apply to such transfer or exchange at the relevant time.

Aggregate Debt means the sum of the following as of the date of determination:

(1) the aggregate principal amount of the Companys Indebtedness incurred after the Issue Date and secured by Liens not permitted pursuant to Section 3.02(a) of this Supplemental
Indenture; and

(2) the Companys Attributable Liens in respect of sale and lease-back transactions entered into after the Issue Date pursuant to Section 3.03(b) of this Supplemental Indenture.

Attributable Liens means in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction the lesser of:

(1) the fair market value of the assets subject to such transaction (as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors); and

(2) the present value (discounted at a rate per annum equal to the average interest borne by all outstanding Notes (or other debt securities) issued under the Indenture determined on a
weighted average basis and compounded semi-annually) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the term of the related lease.

Certificated Note means a certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 4.01 of this Supplemental Indenture, in the form of Exhibit A
(for the 2027 Notes), Exhibit B (for the 2028 Notes), Exhibit C (for the 2030 Notes), Exhibit D (for the 2032 Notes), Exhibit E (for the 2035 Notes) and Exhibit F (for the 2055 Notes) to this Supplemental
Indenture, except that such Certificated Note shall not include the information called for by the footnotes included therein.

Change of Control means the occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or
substantially all of the Companys assets and the assets of the Companys subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) other
than to the Company or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of
the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Company or one of its subsidiaries or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of
any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or other Voting Stock into which our Voting Stock is
reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a
tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Base Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B) any securities if such
beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on
Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in
which any of the Companys outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Companys Voting
Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitutes, or is converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person, or any direct or indirect parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving
effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Companys Board of Directors relating to the Companys liquidation or dissolution in connection with a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and
(2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately
prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding company.

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, socit anonyme, or its successors.

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of such date, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP.

Depositary means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, The Depository Trust Company (DTC), and any and all successors thereto appointed
as depositary by the Company.

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., or its successor, as operator of the Euroclear system.

Finance Lease means any Indebtedness represented by a lease obligation of a Person incurred with respect to real property or equipment acquired or leased by such Person and used in its
business that is required to be recorded as a finance lease in accordance with GAAP.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc. and its successors.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and statements and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect as of the date of determination.

Global Note means a Note that includes the information referred to in footnotes included in the form of Note, attached to this Supplemental Indenture as Exhibit A (for the 2027
Notes), Exhibit B (for the 2028 Notes), Exhibit C (for the 2030 Notes), Exhibit D (for the 2032 Notes), Exhibit E (for the 2035 Notes) and Exhibit F (for the 2055 Notes) issued under the Indenture, that is deposited
with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary.

Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in Section 4.01(f) of this Supplemental Indenture, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under the Indenture.

Guarantee means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person (1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep well,
to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (2) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof
or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term Guarantee will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course
of business. The term guarantee, when used as a verb, has a correlative meaning.

Hedging Obligations means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under:

(1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements;

(2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk;

(3) forward foreign exchange transactions, currency floor, cap, collar or swap transactions or currency options;

(4) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices; and

(5) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such person against fluctuations in equity or bond (or equity or bond index) prices.

Indebtedness of any specified Person means, without duplication, any indebtedness, whether or not contingent, in respect of borrowed money or evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or
similar instruments or letters of credit (or reimbursement agreements with respect thereto (other than obligations with respect to letters of credit securing obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business of such person to the extent
such letters of credit are not drawn upon or, if and to the extent drawn upon, such drawing is reimbursed no later than the fifth Business Day following receipt by such person of a demand for reimbursement following payment on the letter of
credit)), except any such balance that constitutes an accrued expense or trade payable, if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (but
does not include contingent liabilities which appear only in a footnote to a balance sheet).

Indirect Participant means an entity that, with respect to DTC, clears through or maintains a direct or indirect custodial relationship with a Participant.

Issue Date means March 17, 2025.

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent
under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies
appointed by the Company.

Lien means any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement).

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Non-recourse Obligation means Indebtedness or other obligations substantially related to (1) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company or any of its direct or indirect
Subsidiaries or (2) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of the properties of the Company or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, as to which the obligee with respect to such Indebtedness or obligation has no
recourse to the Company or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries or such Subsidiarys assets other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the
proceeds thereof).

Par Call Date means, with respect to the 2028 Notes, March 1, 2028 (one (1) month prior to the maturity date of such Notes), with respect to the 2030 Notes, March 1, 2030 (one (1) month
prior to the maturity date of such Notes), with respect to the 2032 Notes, February 1, 2032 (two (2) months prior to the maturity date of such Notes), with respect to the 2035 Notes, January 1, 2035 (three (3) months prior to the maturity date of
such Notes) and with respect to the 2055 Notes, October 1, 2054 (six (6) months prior to the maturity date of such Notes).

Participant means, with respect to the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively (and, with respect to
The Depository Trust Company, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream).

Paying Agent means, until otherwise designated, the Trustee.

Permitted Liens means:

(1) 

Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that adequate
reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in conformity with GAAP;

(2) 

carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, landlords, suppliers, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or
that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;

(3) 

pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory
obligations;

(4) 

pledges or deposits to secure (i) the performance of bids, trade and commercial contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, customs duty, trade tax, surety and appeal bonds,
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business and (ii) letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary;

(5) 

easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(6) 

any interest or title of a lessor under any lease, license, sublease or sublicense entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business and other statutory and common law landlords
Liens under leases;

(7) 

any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary prior to the time such
Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such
Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as
the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(8) 

Liens encumbering property or assets under construction (and proceeds or products thereof) arising from progress or partial payments by a customer of the Company or its Subsidiaries relating to such property or
assets;

(9) 

bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and cash equivalents or other securities on deposit in one or more accounts maintained by the Company or any
Subsidiary, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the banks, securities intermediaries or other depository institutions with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such institutions with
respect to cash management and operating account arrangements;

(10) 

Liens on insurance proceeds in favor of insurance companies with respect to the financing of premiums;

(11) 

precautionary filings in respect of true leases;

(12) 

Liens arising from judgments in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default;

(13) 

Licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others in the ordinary course of business;

(14) 

Liens in connection with the sale or transfer of any assets in a transaction not prohibited under the Indenture consisting of customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or
transfer pending the completion thereof;

(15) 

Liens in the case of any joint venture or minority investment by the Company or any Subsidiary in any Person consisting of any put and call arrangements related to its capital stock set forth in applicable joint
ventures or other Persons organizational documents or any related joint venture, shareholders, investor rights or similar agreement;

(16) 

Liens on earnest money deposits of cash or cash equivalents made in connection with any acquisition not prohibited under the Indenture;

(17) 

Liens in the nature of the right of setoff in favor of counterparties to contractual agreements not otherwise prohibited under the Indenture with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
business;

(18) 

Liens encumbering customary deposits and margin deposits and other Liens in the ordinary course of business, in each case securing Hedging Obligations and forward contracts, options, futures contracts, futures
options, equity hedges or similar agreements or arrangements designed to protect the Company from fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price of commodities; and

(19) 

Liens created in substitution of any Liens permitted by clauses (1) through (18) above, or pursuant to clauses (1) through (3) of Section 3.02(a) hereof; provided that,
(a) based on a good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Principal Property encumbered by such substitute or replacement Lien is substantially similar in nature to the Principal Property encumbered by the
otherwise permitted Lien that is being replaced, and (b) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased (other than by an amount equal to any related financing costs (including, but not limited to, the accrued interest,
fees, penalties and premium, if any, on the Indebtedness being refinanced)).

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or any other entity,
including any government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.

Principal Property means, with respect to any Person, all of such Persons interests in any kind of property or asset located in the United States (including the capital stock in and other
securities of any other Person), except such as the Companys Board of Directors by resolution determines in good faith (taking into account, among other things, the materiality of such property to the business, financial condition and earnings of
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole) not to be material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Property means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including shares of capital stock.

Rating Agency means, as of the Issue Date, each of Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the Issue Date, Fitch rates the Notes of a series
and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; further provided that if Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes of a
series or fails to make a rating on the Notes of a series publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, the Company will appoint a replacement for such Rating Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the rating of the Notes of the applicable series is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating
Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes of such series are rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger

Period) commencing upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Companys intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period
will be extended for so long as the rating of such Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of
the Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed
to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or
informs the Trustee in writing at the Companys or its request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be
responsible for monitoring the rating status of the Company, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes of any series has occurred.

Restricted Subsidiary means any domestic Subsidiary of the Company that owns any Principal Property (other than any Subsidiary less than 80%-owned by the Company or by one or more of its
Subsidiaries if the common stock of such Subsidiary is traded on any national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market).

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Subsidiary of any specified Person means any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting
power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such person or one or
more of the other Subsidiaries of that person or a combination thereof.

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securities - Treasury constant maturities - Nominal (or
any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the
applicable Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields - one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately
shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life - and shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using
such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the
Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant
maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the applicable Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a
maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of
the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

Voting Stock of any specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the Board of Directors or
managers of such person (or if such person is a partnership, the Board of Directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

ARTICLE III

The covenants set forth in this Article III shall apply to the Notes. Except as otherwise expressly provided below, the covenants set forth in the Indenture are in all respects ratified and
confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect.

Section 3.01 Change of Control Triggering Event.

(i) If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem any series of Notes pursuant to Section 1.04 of
this Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall be required to make an offer (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of such series of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess
thereof) of that Holders applicable Notes on the terms set forth in the Notes. In a Change of Control Offer, the Company shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes purchased, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes purchased to, but not including, the purchase date (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date) (a Change of
Control Payment); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

(ii) Within 30 days following the date upon which any Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Companys option, prior to and conditioned on the occurrence of any
Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent the Company has exercised its right to redeem the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 1.04 of
this Supplemental Indenture, a notice shall be mailed or sent electronically by the Company pursuant to the Applicable Procedures to Holders of the Notes with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may
constitute the Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the applicable notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date on which such notice is mailed or
sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, a Change of Control Payment Date).

(iii) The notice shall, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being
consummated on or prior to the applicable Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a Business Day.

(iv) On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful:

(a) 

accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the applicable Change of Control Offer;

(b) 

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant
to the applicable Change of Control Offer; and

(c) 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being
purchased.

(v) The Company shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14(e)-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or
regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the purchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or
regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company shall comply with those securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Offer
provisions of the Notes by virtue of any such conflict; rather, the Company will be deemed to comply with its obligation to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with the Indenture, modified necessary by
the Company in good faith to permit compliance with such law or regulation.

(vi) If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes of such series validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the
Company, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Company, purchases all of the Notes of such series validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be deemed to have consented to such Change of
Control Offer and, accordingly, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all
Notes of such series that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption (subject to the
right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

(vii) Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a
Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of DTC,
prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

(viii) Upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, the Trustee will promptly deliver, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes
and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee will promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.

(ix) For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is
required.

Section 3.02 Limitations on Liens.

(a) The Company shall not incur, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to incur, any Indebtedness secured by a Lien upon (a) any Principal Property of the Company or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (b) any shares of stock or Indebtedness of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (whether such Principal Property or shares or Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary are existing or owned at the date of this
Supplemental Indenture or hereafter created or acquired), in each case, unless prior to or at the same time, the Notes (together with, at the option of the Company, any other Indebtedness or Guarantees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
ranking equally in right of payment with the Notes or such Guarantee) are equally and ratably secured with or, at the option of the Company, prior to, such secured Indebtedness.

The foregoing restriction shall not apply to:

(1) 

Liens existing as of the Issue Date;

(2) 

Liens granted after the Issue Date, created in favor of the Holders of the Notes or other series of Notes under the Indenture;

(3) 

Liens securing the Companys Indebtedness which are incurred to extend, renew or refinance Indebtedness which is secured by Liens permitted to be incurred under the Indenture (including Permitted Liens) so long as
such Liens are limited to all or part of substantially the same Principal Property which secured the Liens extended, renewed or replaced and the amount of Indebtedness secured is not increased (other than by the amount equal to any costs
and expenses (including any premiums, fees or penalties) incurred in connection with any extension, renewal or refinancing); and

(4) 

Permitted Liens.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.02(a) hereof, the Company and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries may, without securing the Notes, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the
restrictions set forth in Section 3.02(a) hereof, if after giving effect thereto, Aggregate Debt of the Company does not exceed the greater of (a) 15% of the Companys Consolidated Total Assets calculated as of the date of creation or incurrence of
the Lien and (b) $500.0 million.

Section 3.03 Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions.

(a) The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, enter into any sale and lease-back transaction for the sale and leasing back of any Principal
Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:

(1) 

such transaction was entered into prior to the Issue Date;

(2) 

such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Principal Property by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries;

(3) 

such transaction involves a lease for less than three years;

(4) 

the Company would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a mortgage on the Principal Property to be leased in an amount equal to the Attributable Liens with respect to
such sale and lease-back transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to Section 3.02(a) of this Supplemental Indenture; or

(5) 

the Company applies an amount equal to the fair value of the Principal Property (as determined by the Companys Board of Directors in good faith) sold to the purchase of
Property or to the retirement of the Companys long-term Indebtedness that is pari passu with the Notes (including the Notes) within 365 days of the effective date of any such sale and
lease-back transaction. In lieu of applying such amount to such retirement, the Company may deliver debt securities that rank pari passu with the Notes (including the Notes) to the trustee under
the indenture therefor for cancellation, such debt securities to be credited at the cost thereof to the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.03(a) hereof, the Company and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and lease-back transaction which would otherwise be subject to the
restrictions of Section 3.03(a) hereof, if after giving effect thereto and at the time of determination, Aggregate Debt does not exceed the greater of (a) 15% of the Companys Consolidated Total Assets calculated as of the date of creation or
incurrence of the Lien and (b) $500.0 million.

Section 3.04 Applicability of Covenants Contained in the Indenture. Each of the agreements and covenants of the Company contained in Article III of the Base Indenture and Article III of this Supplemental
Indenture shall apply to the Notes.

ARTICLE IV

Section 4.01 For purposes of the Notes, Sections 2.7 and 2.14 of the Indenture are hereby supplemented with, and where inconsistent replaced by, the following provisions:

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note of a series may not be transferred as a whole except by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary, by a nominee of the
Depositary to the Depositary or to another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for Certificated
Notes of the applicable series if:

(1) 

the Company delivers to the Trustee notice from the Depositary (A) that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as Depositary for the Global Notes of such series and a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company within 90
days after the date of such notice from the Depositary or (B) that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act at a time when it is required to be registered and a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Company
within 90 days after the date of such notice from the Depositary;

(2) 

the Company, in its sole discretion, delivers to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to the effect that it elects to cause the issuance of Certificated Notes of such series; or

(3) 

upon request of the Trustee or Holders of a majority of the principal amount of outstanding Notes of such series if there shall have occurred and be continuing a Default or Event of Default with respect to such series of Notes.

Upon the occurrence of any of the preceding events in (1), (2) or (3) above, Certificated Notes of such series shall be issued in such names as the Depositary shall instruct the Trustee. Global
Notes of any series also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.8 and 2.11 of the Indenture. A Global Note of any series may not be exchanged for another Note of such series other than as provided in this
Section 4.01(a); however, beneficial interests in a Global Note of any series may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 4.01(b) or (c) hereof.

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes of a series will be effected through
the Depositary, in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Beneficial interests in the Global Notes of a series will be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein. Transfers of
beneficial interests in the Global Notes of a series also will require compliance with either subparagraph (1) or (2) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

(1) 

Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Global Note of any series may be transferred to persons who take
delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Global Note of such series. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 4.01(b)(1).

(2) 

All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests that are not subject to Section 4.01(b)(1) above,
the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar either: (A)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the
Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Global Note of the applicable series in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and (2) instructions given in accordance with
the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase; or (B)(1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in accordance with the
Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a Certificated Note of the applicable series in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged; and (2) instructions given by the Depositary to
the Registrar containing information regarding the person in whose name such Certificated Note of such series shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (B)(1) above;

(c) Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests in Global Notes for Certificated Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a
Global Note of any series proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Certificated Note of such series or to transfer such beneficial interest to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Certificated Note of such series, then,
if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 4.01(a) of this Supplemental Indenture and upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01(b)(2) of this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee shall cause the
aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note of any series to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 4.01(f) hereof, and the Company shall execute and, upon receipt of a Company Order pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Indenture, the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the person designated in the instructions a Certificated Note of such series in the appropriate principal amount. Any Certificated Note of any series issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to
this Section 4.01(c) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest requests through instructions to the Registrar from or through the Depositary and the
Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Certificated Notes of such series to the persons in whose names such Notes of such series are so registered.

(d) Transfer and Exchange of Certificated Notes for Beneficial Interests in Global Notes. A Holder of a Certificated Note of any series may exchange such Certificated Note for a
beneficial interest in a Global Note of such series or transfer such Certificated Notes to a person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Global Note of such series at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an
exchange or registration of transfer, the Trustee shall cancel the applicable Certificated Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the applicable Global Notes. If any such exchange or registration of
transfer from a Certificated Note to a beneficial interest in a Global Note is effected pursuant to this Section 4.01(d) at a time when a Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of a Company Order in
accordance with Section 2.3 of the Indenture, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Global Notes of such series in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Certificated Notes of such series so transferred.

(e) Transfer and Exchange of Certificated Notes for Certificated Notes. A Holder of Certificated Notes of any series may transfer such Certificated Notes of such series to a
person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Certificated Note. Upon request by a Holder of Certificated Notes of any series and such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 4.01(e), the Registrar shall register the transfer
or exchange of Certificated Notes of such series. Prior to such registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder must present or surrender to the Registrar the Certificated Notes of such series duly endorsed or accompanied by a written
instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall register the Certificated Notes of
such series pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof.

(f) Global Note Legend. To the extent required by the Depositary, each Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS
EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE
DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

(g) Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note of any series have been exchanged for Certificated Notes
of such series or a particular Global Note of any series has been redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note of such series shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee in accordance with
Section 2.12 of the Base Indenture. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note of a series is exchanged for or transferred to a person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in
another Global Note of such series or for Certificated Notes of such series, the principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note of such series shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note of such
series by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
interest in another Global Note of such series, such other Global Note of such series shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note of such series by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the
Trustee to reflect such increase.

(h) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(1) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes
and Certificated Notes upon receipt of a Company Order.

(2) No service charge shall be made to a Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Certificated Note
for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar
governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.11, 3.6 and 9.6 of the Base Indenture).

(3) The Registrar shall not be required to register the transfer of or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in
part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part.

(4) All Global Notes and Certificated Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Certificated
Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Global Notes or Certificated Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(5) Neither the Registrar nor the Company will be required:

(A) to issue, to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes of any series for the period beginning at the opening of business 15 days immediately preceding the
sending of a notice of redemption of Notes of such series selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day such notice is sent;

(B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note of any series selected, called or being called for redemption as a whole or the portion being redeemed of any
such Notes selected, called or being called for redemption in part; or

(C) to register the transfer of or to exchange Notes of any series between a record date and payment date for such series of Notes.

(6) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Company may deem and
treat the person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Company
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

(7) The Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Certificated Notes in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.3 of the
Base Indenture.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, as to any certifications and certificates delivered to the Registrar pursuant to this Section 4.01 of this Supplemental Indenture, the Registrars
duties shall be limited to confirming that any such certifications and certificates delivered to it are substantially in the form of Exhibit A (for the 2027 Notes), Exhibit B (for the 2028 Notes), Exhibit C (for the 2030
Notes), Exhibit D (for the 2032 Notes), Exhibit E (for the 2035 Notes) and Exhibit F (for the 2055 Notes) attached to this Supplemental Indenture. The Registrar shall not be responsible for confirming the truth or accuracy
of representations made in any such certifications or certificates.

ARTICLE V

Section 5.01 Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default under the Notes of each series, and clauses (1) through (7) of this Section 5.01 shall replace the Events of
Default specified in Section 6.1(a) through (e) of the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes of each series:

(1) default in paying interest on the Notes of the applicable series when it becomes due and the default continues for a period of 30 days or more (unless the entire amount of such
payment is deposited by the Company with the applicable Trustee or with a Paying Agent prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the 30th day of such period);

(2) default in paying principal, or premium, if any, on the Notes of the applicable series when due at maturity, upon optional redemption as set forth under Section 1.04 of this
Supplemental Indenture or otherwise;

(3) failure by the Company to repurchase Notes of such series tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event in accordance with Section 3.01
hereof;

(4) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant in the Indenture (other than defaults specified in clause (1), (2) or (3) above) and the default or breach continues for a
period of 90 days or more after the Company receives written notice from the Trustee or the Company (with a copy to the Trustee) receives notice from the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes (together with any other
applicable series of debt securities affected that is then outstanding (all such series voting together as a single class)) and which written notice specifies such default or breach and requires it to be remedied and states that such notice is a
Notice of Default hereunder;

(5) a failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, on any Indebtedness of the Company (other than Indebtedness of the Company owing to any of its
Subsidiaries) outstanding in an amount in excess of $100.0 million and continuance of this failure to pay or (b) a default on any Indebtedness of the Company (other than Indebtedness of the Company owing to any of its Subsidiaries), which default
results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness in an amount in excess of $100.0 million without such Indebtedness having been discharged or the acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, in the case of clause (a) or (b) above,
for a period of 30 days after such failure to pay or acceleration, as applicable; provided, however, that if any failure, default or acceleration referred to in clause (a) or (b) above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the
event of default will be deemed cured; and

(6) the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law (as defined in the Base Indenture):

(i)commences a voluntary case,

(ii)consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case,

(iii) consents to the appointment of a Custodian (as defined in the Base Indenture) of it or for all or substantially all of its property,

(iv)makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or

(v)generally is unable to pay its debts as the same become due; and

(7) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:

(i)is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case,

(ii)appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or

(iii)orders the liquidation of the Company, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in
effect for 60 days.

ARTICLE VI

Section 6.01 For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Article VIII of the Base Indenture will apply to the Notes of each series. If the Company exercises its Covenant Defeasance option pursuant to Section 8.4
of the Base Indenture with respect to a series of Notes, in addition to the provisions of the Indenture set forth in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 of the Base Indenture, the Company also shall be released from its obligations in respect of the Notes of such
series under Sections 3.01, 3.02 and 3.03 of this Supplemental Indenture, and the Events of Default specified in Sections 5.01(3), 5.01(4) (with respect to the covenants specified in this Section 6.01) and 5.01(5) of this Supplemental Indenture
shall not constitute Defaults or Events of Default under the Indenture with respect to the Notes of such series.

ARTICLE VII

Section 7.01 Except as specifically modified herein, the Base Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 7.02 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no duties, responsibilities or liabilities are assumed or shall be construed to be assumed by the Trustee by reason of this Supplemental Indenture. This
Supplemental Indenture is executed and accepted by the Trustee subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Indenture with the same force and effect as if those terms and conditions were repeated at length herein and made
applicable to the Trustee with respect to this Supplemental Indenture.

Section 7.03 The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Company. The Trustee makes no
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture.

Section 7.04 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND THE INDENTURE AS IT RELATES TO THE NOTES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE
INDENTURE AS IT RELATES TO THE NOTES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE, THE PAYING AGENT AND THE REGISTRAR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK
STATE COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK OR ANY FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE AND
THE SECURITIES, AND IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND (IN THE CASE OF THE COMPANY) IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE, THE PAYING AGENT AND THE
REGISTRAR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT AND
ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. FOR PURPOSES OF THE NOTES, SECTION 10.10 OF THE BASE INDENTURE IS HEREBY SUPPLEMENTED BY, AND WHERE INCONSISTENT REPLACED BY,
THIS SECTION 7.04.

Section 7.05 EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE TRUSTEE, THE PAYING AGENT AND THE REGISTRAR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY

Section 7.06 This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same
Supplemental Indenture. Delivery of an executed agreement by one party to the others may be made by facsimile, electronic mail (including any electronic signature complying with the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act (N.Y. State Tech.
301-309), as amended from time to time, or other applicable law) or other transmission method, and the parties hereto agree that any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for
all purposes.

Section 7.07 All capitalized terms used in this Supplemental Indenture which are not otherwise defined herein, shall have the respective meanings specified in the Base Indenture, unless the context otherwise
requires.

Section 7.08 The Notes may be issued in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Notes, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC.

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

Company:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: /s/ Shelagh Glaser

Name: Shelagh Glaser

Title: Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page of First Supplemental Indenture]

Trustee:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

/s/ David Jason

Name: David Jason

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page of First Supplemental Indenture]

Exhibit A

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2027

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.550% Senior Notes due 2027

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on April
1, 2027.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if
set forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.550% Senior Notes due 2027

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March
17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 4.550% Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the Issuer and
the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a Security and the
Notes are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of
the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing
of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and
any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the
Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to,
among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 10 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior
to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means April 1,
2027.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period
from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly
equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining
Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter
than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with
a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select
from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7.Special Mandatory
Redemption.

If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and (y) the date that is five Business Days
after any later date upon which Closing is permitted to occur under the terms of the Merger Agreement (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the Issuer notifies the Trustee in writing that it will not pursue
consummation of the Ansys Merger (any such event, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), then the Issuer will be required to redeem all
outstanding Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of Holders of such Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment
date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) (the Special Mandatory Redemption Price). Unless the Issuer defaults in payment
of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after such Special Mandatory Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed.

In the event that the Issuer becomes obligated to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Special Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer will
promptly, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the Special Mandatory Redemption Event, deliver notice to the Trustee of the Special Mandatory Redemption and the date upon which the Notes will be redeemed (the Special Mandatory Redemption Date), which date shall be no later than the tenth Business Day following the date of such notice to the Trustee
unless some longer minimum period may be required by DTC (or any successor depositary), together with a notice of Special Mandatory Redemption for the Trustee to deliver to each registered Holder of the Notes, which notice shall be provided to
the Trustee with sufficient time to allow the Trustee to deliver such notice to the Holders at least ten days prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (which is understood to mean at least one Business Day prior to the date on which the
notice must be sent). The Trustee will then reasonably promptly mail or electronically deliver (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the depositarys procedures) such notice of Special Mandatory Redemption to each registered Holder of the
Notes.

On or before the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Paying Agent for payment to each Holder of the Notes the
applicable Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holders Notes.

Failure to make the Special Mandatory Redemption, if required in accordance with the terms described above, will constitute an Event of
Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the consummation of the Ansys Merger, the foregoing provisions regarding Special Mandatory Redemption will cease to apply. For the
purposes of the foregoing, the Ansys Merger will be deemed consummated if Closing under the Merger Agreement occurs, including after giving effect to any amendments or modifications to the Merger Agreement or waivers thereunder acceptable to
the Issuer.

For purposes of the foregoing discussion, the following definition applies:

Ansys means ANSYS, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

Ansys Merger means the
transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub (as defined below) will merge with and into Ansys, with Ansys surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

Merger Agreement means the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2024, by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (Merger Sub), as it may be amended from time to time.

8. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to
and conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have
exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such
offer with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a
Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of
Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed
to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with
the Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with
the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry
transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be
deemed to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
of redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to
the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B)
any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not
also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect
parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by
Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each of
Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further, that if
Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating
Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the
rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing
upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for
so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the Rating
Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular
Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the
Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring
the rating status of the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any
specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of
directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

9. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that
withholding notice is in their interest.

10. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

11. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

12. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

13. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by
the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the
Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such purchase
shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Exhibit B

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2028

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.650% Senior Notes due 2028

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on April
1, 2028.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if
set forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.650% Senior Notes due 2028

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March
17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 4.650% Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the Issuer and
the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a Security and the
Notes are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of
the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing
of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and
any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the
Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to,
among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior
to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means on or
after March 1, 2028.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period
from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly
equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining
Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter
than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with
a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select
from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7.Special Mandatory
Redemption.

If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and (y) the date that is five Business Days
after any later date upon which Closing is permitted to occur under the terms of the Merger Agreement (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the Issuer notifies the Trustee in writing that it will not pursue
consummation of the Ansys Merger (any such event, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), then the Issuer will be required to redeem all
outstanding Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of Holders of such Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment
date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) (the Special Mandatory Redemption Price). Unless the Issuer defaults in payment
of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after such Special Mandatory Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed.

In the event that the Issuer becomes obligated to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Special Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer will
promptly, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the Special Mandatory Redemption Event, deliver notice to the Trustee of the Special Mandatory Redemption and the date upon which the Notes will be redeemed (the Special Mandatory Redemption Date), which date shall be no later than the tenth Business Day following the date of such notice to the Trustee
unless some longer minimum period may be required by DTC (or any successor depositary), together with a notice of Special Mandatory Redemption for the Trustee to deliver to each registered Holder of the Notes, which notice shall be provided to
the Trustee with sufficient time to allow the Trustee to deliver such notice to the Holders at least ten days prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (which is understood to mean at least one Business Day prior to the date on which the
notice must be sent). The Trustee will then reasonably promptly mail or electronically deliver (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the depositarys procedures) such notice of Special Mandatory Redemption to each registered Holder of the
Notes.

On or before the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Paying Agent for payment to each Holder of the Notes the
applicable Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holders Notes.

Failure to make the Special Mandatory Redemption, if required in accordance with the terms described above, will constitute an Event of
Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the consummation of the Ansys Merger, the foregoing provisions regarding Special Mandatory Redemption will cease to apply. For the
purposes of the foregoing, the Ansys Merger will be deemed consummated if Closing under the Merger Agreement occurs, including after giving effect to any amendments or modifications to the Merger Agreement or waivers thereunder acceptable to
the Issuer.

For purposes of the foregoing discussion, the following definition applies:

Ansys means ANSYS, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

Ansys Merger means the
transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub (as defined below) will merge with and into Ansys, with Ansys surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

Merger Agreement means the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2024, by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (Merger Sub), as it may be amended from time to time.

8. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to
and conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have
exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such
offer with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a
Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of
Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed
to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with
the Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with
the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry
transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be
deemed to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
of redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to
the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B)
any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not
also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect
parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by
Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each of
Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further, that if
Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating
Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the
rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing
upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for
so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the Rating
Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular
Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the
Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring
the rating status of the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any
specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of
directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

9. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that
withholding notice is in their interest.

10. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

11. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

12. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

13. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by
the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the
Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such purchase
shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Exhibit C

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2030

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF
SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC),
TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT
IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF,
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.850% Senior Notes due 2030

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on April 1, 2030.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set
forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

4.850% Senior Notes due 2030

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March 17,
2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments
of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 4.850% Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the Issuer and
the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the
Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a Security and the Notes
are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of
the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the
Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of
a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the Notes)
under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other
things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights
of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior
to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means on or after
March 1, 2030.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government
securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most
recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the
Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two
yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call
Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the
yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant
number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a
maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date
preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from
among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City
time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a
percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7.Special Mandatory
Redemption.

If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and (y) the date that is five Business Days
after any later date upon which Closing is permitted to occur under the terms of the Merger Agreement (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the Issuer notifies the Trustee in writing that it will not pursue
consummation of the Ansys Merger (any such event, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), then the Issuer will be required to redeem all
outstanding Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of Holders of such Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment
date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) (the Special Mandatory Redemption Price). Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of
the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after such Special Mandatory Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed.

In the event that the Issuer becomes obligated to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Special Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer will
promptly, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the Special Mandatory Redemption Event, deliver notice to the Trustee of the Special Mandatory Redemption and the date upon which the Notes will be redeemed (the Special Mandatory Redemption Date), which date shall be no later than the tenth Business Day following the date of such notice to the Trustee unless
some longer minimum period may be required by DTC (or any successor depositary), together with a notice of Special Mandatory Redemption for the Trustee to deliver to each registered Holder of the Notes, which notice shall be provided to the Trustee
with sufficient time to allow the Trustee to deliver such notice to the Holders at least ten days prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (which is understood to mean at least one Business Day prior to the date on which the notice must be
sent). The Trustee will then reasonably promptly mail or electronically deliver (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the depositarys procedures) such notice of Special Mandatory Redemption to each registered Holder of the Notes.

On or before the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Paying Agent for payment to each Holder of the Notes the
applicable Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holders Notes.

Failure to make the Special Mandatory Redemption, if required in accordance with the terms described above, will constitute an Event of
Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the consummation of the Ansys Merger, the foregoing provisions regarding Special Mandatory Redemption will cease to apply. For the
purposes of the foregoing, the Ansys Merger will be deemed consummated if Closing under the Merger Agreement occurs, including after giving effect to any amendments or modifications to the Merger Agreement or waivers thereunder acceptable to the
Issuer.

For purposes of the foregoing discussion, the following definition applies:

Ansys means ANSYS, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

Ansys Merger means the
transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub (as defined below) will merge with and into Ansys, with Ansys surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

Merger Agreement means the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2024, by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (Merger Sub), as it may be amended from time to time.

8. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to
101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant
interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to and
conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have exercised its
right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such offer with a copy to
the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days nor
later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control,
state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal
amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any
unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control
Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have
breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with the
Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with
the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry
transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be deemed
to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control
Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of
redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one
or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the
Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B)
any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not
also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect
parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc.
and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by
Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each of
Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further, that if
Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating
Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the
rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing
upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so
long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the Rating Agencies (if
the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control
(and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the Issuers or the
Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control
Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the rating status of
the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any specified
person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of directors or other
governing body of the general partner of such person).

9. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that
withholding notice is in their interest.

10. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

11. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

12. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

13. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the
Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the
Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such purchase
shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Exhibit D

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2032

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.000% Senior Notes due 2032

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on April
1, 2032.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if
set forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.000% Senior Notes due 2032

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March
17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the Issuer and
the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a Security and the
Notes are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of
the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing
of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and
any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the
Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to,
among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior
to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means on or
after February 1, 2032.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period
from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly
equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining
Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter
than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with
a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select
from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7.Special Mandatory
Redemption.

If (i) the Ansys Merger is not consummated on or before the later of (x) January 31, 2026 and (y) the date that is five Business Days
after any later date upon which Closing is permitted to occur under the terms of the Merger Agreement (as mutually agreed upon by the parties to the Merger Agreement) or (ii) the Issuer notifies the Trustee in writing that it will not pursue
consummation of the Ansys Merger (any such event, a Special Mandatory Redemption Event), then the Issuer will be required to redeem all
outstanding Notes (the Special Mandatory Redemption), at a redemption price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (as defined herein) (subject to the right of Holders of such Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment
date falling prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date) (the Special Mandatory Redemption Price). Unless the Issuer defaults in payment
of the Special Mandatory Redemption Price, on and after such Special Mandatory Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes to be redeemed.

In the event that the Issuer becomes obligated to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Special Mandatory Redemption, the Issuer will
promptly, and in any event not more than 10 Business Days after the Special Mandatory Redemption Event, deliver notice to the Trustee of the Special Mandatory Redemption and the date upon which the Notes will be redeemed (the Special Mandatory Redemption Date), which date shall be no later than the tenth Business Day following the date of such notice to the Trustee
unless some longer minimum period may be required by DTC (or any successor depositary), together with a notice of Special Mandatory Redemption for the Trustee to deliver to each registered Holder of the Notes, which notice shall be provided to
the Trustee with sufficient time to allow the Trustee to deliver such notice to the Holders at least ten days prior to the Special Mandatory Redemption Date (which is understood to mean at least one Business Day prior to the date on which the
notice must be sent). The Trustee will then reasonably promptly mail or electronically deliver (or otherwise transmit in accordance with the depositarys procedures) such notice of Special Mandatory Redemption to each registered Holder of the
Notes.

On or before the Special Mandatory Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Paying Agent for payment to each Holder of the Notes the
applicable Special Mandatory Redemption Price for such Holders Notes.

Failure to make the Special Mandatory Redemption, if required in accordance with the terms described above, will constitute an Event of
Default with respect to the Notes.

Upon the consummation of the Ansys Merger, the foregoing provisions regarding Special Mandatory Redemption will cease to apply. For the
purposes of the foregoing, the Ansys Merger will be deemed consummated if Closing under the Merger Agreement occurs, including after giving effect to any amendments or modifications to the Merger Agreement or waivers thereunder acceptable to
the Issuer.

For purposes of the foregoing discussion, the following definition applies:

Ansys means ANSYS, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

Ansys Merger means the
transaction pursuant to which Merger Sub (as defined below) will merge with and into Ansys, with Ansys surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

Merger Agreement means the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 15, 2024, by and among Synopsys, Ansys and ALTA Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys (Merger Sub), as it may be amended from time to time.

8. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to
and conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have
exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such
offer with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a
Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of
Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed
to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with
the Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with
the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry
transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be
deemed to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
of redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to
the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B)
any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not
also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect
parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by
Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each of
Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further, that if
Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating
Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the
rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing
upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for
so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the Rating
Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular
Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the
Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring
the rating status of the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any
specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of
directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

9. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that
withholding notice is in their interest.

10. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

11. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

12. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

13. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by
the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the
Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such purchase
shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Exhibit E

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2035

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A
NOMINEE OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED
OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.150% Senior Notes due 2035

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on
April 1, 2035.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if
set forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.150% Senior Notes due 2035

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March
17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 5.150% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the
Issuer and the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and,
together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a
Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms
of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred
to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or
similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the
mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and
any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the
Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to,
among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 15 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to
time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or
prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means on or
after January 1, 2035.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the
period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the
Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer
published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury
securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security
with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the
Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid
and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the
Notes as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash
equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to
and conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have
exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such
offer with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of
consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment
Date must be a Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes
or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of
Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be
deemed to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in
accordance with the Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes,
with the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by
book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the
times required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be
deemed to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
date of redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than
to the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity
as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting
Stock or other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially,
(A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange
thereunder or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange
Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or
indirect parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with
a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better
by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each
of Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further,
that if Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such
Rating Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that
the rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the
Notes are rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period)
commencing upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be
extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the
Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a
particular Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in
writing at the Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be
responsible for monitoring the rating status of the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P
Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any
specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of
directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

8. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines
that withholding notice is in their interest.

9. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

10. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

11. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

12. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by
the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause
the Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such
purchase shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

Exhibit F

FORM OF NOTES DUE 2055

[FACE OF NOTE]

THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY. THIS SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE, AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY, BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE
OF SUCH A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION
(DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY GLOBAL SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND
ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

No. ____ 

$____

CUSIP:

ISIN:

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.700% Senior Notes due 2055

SYNOPSYS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of $ or such other amount as is indicated on the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto on April
1, 2055.

Interest Payment Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on October 1, 2025.

Interest Record Dates: March 15 and September 15 (each, an Interest Record Date).

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if
set forth at this place.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually, electronically or by facsimile by its duly authorized
officer.

SYNOPSYS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Shelagh Glaser

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION:

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 17, 2025

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

[REVERSE OF NOTE]

SYNOPSYS, INC.

5.700% Senior Notes due 2055

1. Interest.

Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer)
promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from March
17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing on October 1, 2025. Interest will be computed on the
basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.

2. Paying Agent.

Initially, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), will act as Paying Agent. The Issuer may change any Paying Agent without notice to the Holders.

3. Indenture; Defined Terms.

This Note is one of the 5.700% Senior Notes due 2055 (the Notes) issued under an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture) by and between the Issuer and
the Trustee, and established pursuant to a First Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture), issued pursuant to Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a Security and the
Notes are Securities under the Indenture.

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of
the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to
the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A
Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar
governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing
of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and
any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of any Series (including the
Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to,
among other things, cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely
affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.

6. Redemption.

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from
time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that such notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 20 basis points, less
(b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior
to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.

Par Call Date means on or
after October 1, 2054.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S.
government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such time on such
day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period
from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly
equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining
Lifeand shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter
than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM or any successor designation or publication is no longer published,
the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States
Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with
a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity
date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select
from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New
York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

7. Change of Control Triggering Event.

If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes
as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holders Notes at a purchase price in cash equal
to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the
relevant interest payment date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a minimum denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.

Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuers option, prior to
and conditioned on the occurrence of any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have
exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 6 hereof, the Issuer shall mail or send a notice in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary (a Change of Control Offer) to each Holder of Notes subject to such
offer with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed or sent (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice will, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice. The Change of Control Payment Date must be a
Business Day.

On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:

accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

deposit with the Paying Agent prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time an amount equal to the change of control payment in respect of all Notes or
portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.

The Trustee shall promptly deliver, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate, or cause the Paying Agent to promptly deliver, to each
Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to
any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any. The Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether any Change of Control has occurred and whether any Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes is required.

The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of
Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed
to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof; rather, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in compliance with those obligations if it complies with its obligation to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Triggering Event in accordance with
the Indenture, modified as necessary by the Issuer in good faith to permit compliance with any such law or regulation.

Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with
the form entitled Purchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control Triggering Event on the reverse of the Note completed, to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the Paying Agent by book-entry
transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of DTC, prior to the close of business on the third Business Day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner and at the times
required and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer hereunder and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer in accordance with such requirements.

In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an
Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

If Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such notes in a
Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, all of the Holders will be
deemed to have consented to such Change of Control Offer and, accordingly, the Issuer will have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of
Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date
of redemption (subject to the right of the Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).

For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:

Change of Control means the
occurrence of any one of the following:

(1) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in
one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuers assets and the assets of the Issuers subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to
the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;

(2) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any
person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than (a) the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries, or (b) any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or
other Voting Stock into which the Issuers Voting Stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any
securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such persons Affiliates (as defined in the Indenture) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder or (B)
any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not
also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act;

(3) the Issuer consolidates with, or merges with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or merges with or into, the
Issuer, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the Issuers outstanding Voting Stock or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other person is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any
such transaction where the shares of the Issuers Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving person or any direct or indirect
parent of the surviving person, immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or

(4) the adoption of a plan by the Issuers board of directors relating to the Issuers liquidation or dissolution in connection with a
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (1) the Issuer becomes a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (2) immediately following that transaction, (a) the direct or indirect Holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the Holders of the Issuers Voting
Stock in substantially the same proportions immediately prior to that transaction or (b) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than a majority of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding
company.

Change of Control Triggering Event
means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings
Inc. and its successors.

Investment Grade means a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and a rating of BBB- or better by
Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moodys Corporation, and its successors.

Rating Agency means each of
Moodys and S&P; provided, that if, after the date of the initial issuance of the Notes, Fitch rates the Notes and makes such rating publicly available, Rating Agency shall mean each of Moodys, S&P and Fitch; provided, further, that if
Moodys, S&P and/or Fitch, as applicable, ceases to rate the Notes or fails to continue to make a rating of the notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Issuers control, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating
Agency that is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.

Ratings Event means that the
rating of the Notes is lowered by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by both Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies) and the Notes are
rated below an Investment Grade rating by such Rating Agencies, in each case, on any day during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing
upon the first public announcement of the occurrence of a Change of Control or the Issuers intention to effect a Change of Control and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for
so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by at least two of the three Rating Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by three Rating Agencies) or by either of the Rating
Agencies (if the Notes at such time are rated by two Rating Agencies)); provided, however, that a Ratings Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating will not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular
Change of Control (and thus will not be deemed a Ratings Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event) unless each of the Rating Agencies announces or publicly confirms or informs the Trustee in writing at the
Issuers or the Trustees request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
Change of Control Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring
the rating status of the Issuer, making any request upon any Rating Agent, or determining whether any Ratings Event with respect to the Notes has occurred.

S&P means S&P Global
Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and its successors.

Voting Stock of any
specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors or managers of such person (or, if such person is a partnership, the board of
directors or other governing body of the general partner of such person).

8. Defaults and Remedies.

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with
respect to the Notes and is continuing, then either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, may by written notice to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), require the Issuer to
repay immediately the entire principal amount of the outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as
provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that
withholding notice is in their interest.

9. Authentication.

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.

10. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT
(= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

11. CUSIP Numbers.

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP
numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed
hereon.

12. Governing Law.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof. 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.

Date: 

Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee:

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or
participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by
the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES*

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such

decrease (or

increase) 

Signature of

authorized officer

of Trustee

* To be included in a Book-Entry Note.

PURCHASE EXERCISE NOTICE UPON A CHANGE OF CONTROL TRIGGERING EVENT

To: Synopsys, Inc.

The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Synopsys, Inc. (the Issuer) as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the
Trustee to pay, _______________ an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such purchase
shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be purchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the purchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.

Dated:

Signature

Principal amount to be purchased (a multiple of $1,000):

Remaining principal amount following such purchase:

(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)

By: 

Authorized Signatory
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

March 17, 2025

Synopsys, Inc.

675 Almanor Avenue

Sunnyvale, California 94085

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Synopsys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)

under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-285378) (including the documents incorporated by reference therein, but excluding Exhibit 25.1, is
herein called the Registration Statement) and the prospectus, dated February 27, 2025, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement, dated March 3, 2025 (together, the Prospectus), relating to the Companys offering of
$1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.550% Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes), $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.650% Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), $2,000,000,000 aggregate principal
amount of its 4.850% Senior Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes), $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.000% Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes), $2,400,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.150% Senior Notes due
2035 (the 2035 Notes) and $2,100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.700% Senior Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and together with the 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2030 Notes, 2032 Notes and 2035 Notes, the Securities
).

The Securities were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of March 17, 2025 (the Base Indenture), as amended and supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of March 17,
2025 (the First Supplemental Indenture), entered into among the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, registrar, paying agent and transfer agent (the Trustee). As used
herein, Indenture means the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture.

Synopsys, Inc., p. 2

In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have reviewed the following documents:

(a) 

the Registration Statement;

(b) 

the Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference therein;

(c) 

executed copies of the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture; and

(d) 

facsimile copies of the Securities in global form as executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee.

In addition, we have reviewed the originals or copies certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction of all such corporate records of the Company and such other documents, and we have made
such investigations of law, as we have deemed appropriate as a basis for the opinions expressed below.

In rendering the opinions expressed below, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as
copies. In addition, we have assumed and have not verified the accuracy as to factual matters of each document we have reviewed.

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the further assumptions and qualifications set forth below, it is our opinion that the Securities have been validly issued and are valid, binding and
enforceable obligations of the Company, entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

Insofar as the foregoing opinions relate to the validity, binding effect or enforceability of any agreement or obligation of the Company, we (a) have assumed that the Company and each other party
to such agreement or obligation has satisfied those legal requirements that are applicable to it to the extent necessary to make such agreement or obligation enforceable against it (except that no such assumption is made as to the Company regarding
matters of the federal law of the United States of America, the law of the State of New York or the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware that in our experience normally would be applicable to general business entities with respect to
such agreement or obligation) and (b) such opinions are subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity.

We express no opinion as to the subject matter jurisdiction of any United States federal court to adjudicate any action relating to the Indenture or the Securities where jurisdiction based on
diversity of citizenship under 28 U.S.C. 1332 does not exist.

We note that the designation in Section 10.10 of the Base Indenture of the federal courts located in the City of New York as a venue for actions or proceedings relating to the Indenture and the
Securities is (notwithstanding the waiver in Section 10.10 of the Base Indenture) subject to the power of such courts to transfer actions pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1404(a) or to dismiss such actions or proceedings on the grounds that such a federal
court is an inconvenient forum for such an action or proceeding.

Synopsys, Inc., p. 3

We express no opinion as to the enforceability Section 10.16 of the Base Indenture relating to currency indemnity.

The foregoing opinions are limited to the federal law of the United States of America, the law of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

We hereby consent to the use of our name in the Prospectus under the heading Legal Matters, as counsel for the Company that has passed on the validity of the Securities, and to the filing of this
opinion as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 17, 2025. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or
the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. The opinions expressed herein are rendered on and as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to advise you or any other person, or to make any investigations, as to any legal
developments or factual matters arising subsequent to the date hereof that might affect the opinions expressed herein.

Very truly yours,

CLEARY GOTTLIEB STEEN & HAMILTON LLP

By: /s/ Helena K. Grannis

Helena K. Grannis, a Partner
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>snps-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>snps-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>snps-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_ex5-1logo01.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_ex5-1logo02.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 000-19807

Entity Registrant Name SYNOPSYS, INC

Entity Central Index Key 0000883241

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 56-1546236

Entity Address, Address Line One 675 Almanor Ave

Entity Address, City or Town Sunnyvale

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94085

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 584-5000

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share)

Trading Symbol SNPS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://synopsys.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ny20044174x9_8k.htm 
snps-20250317.xsd 
snps-20250317_lab.xml 
snps-20250317_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-009060-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ny20044174x9_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000883241 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

false 
0000883241 
NASDAQ 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
SYNOPSYS, INC 
DE 
000-19807 
56-1546236 
675 Almanor Ave 
Sunnyvale 
CA 
94085 
650 
584-5000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock (par value of $0.01 per share) 
SNPS 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>