<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003526.txt : 20250410
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003526.hdr.sgml : 20250410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250410083037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250409
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lucid Diagnostics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001799011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		EIN:				825488042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40901
		FILM NUMBER:		25826588

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 949 4319

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		360 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000179901100017990112025-04-092025-04-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 9, 2025

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-40901 82-5488042

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

360
Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10017

(Address of Principal Executive
Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (917)813-1828

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address,
if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425).

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12).

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)).

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)).

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value
$0.001 Per Share LUCD The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry
Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
April 9, 2025, Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) with Canaccord Genuity LLC, as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters named
therein (the Underwriters), for an underwritten offering to the public of shares of the Companys common stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), at a public offering price of $1.20 per share (the Offering).

Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, and the Underwriters agreed to purchase, 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock
(the Firm Shares) at a price of $1.1286 per share, representing an underwriting discount of $0.0714 per share. In
addition, the Company granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 shares of Common Stock (the
Option Shares, and together with the Firm Shares, the Shares) at the public offering price
less the underwriting discount. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Underwriters for certain expenses incurred in connection with
the Offering, including its reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel, up to $50,000. The Underwriting Agreement is subject to customary
closing conditions and contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company. In addition, the Company agreed to
indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including for certain liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act).

Canaccord
Genuity LLC is acting as sole bookrunner and Maxim Group LLC is acting as co-manager of the Offering.

The
Company estimates that the gross proceeds of the Offering, before deducting the underwriting discount and the expenses of the Offering,
will be approximately $15.0 million (or $17.25 million if the Underwriters exercise their option in full). The sale of the Firm Shares
is expected to close on or about April 11, 2025, subject to the customary closing conditions contained in the Underwriting Agreement.

The
Offering was made pursuant to the Companys existing shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268560), which
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 25, 2022 and declared effective by the SEC
on December 6, 2022, a preliminary prospectus supplement thereto, dated April 9, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2025, and a final
prospectus supplement thereto, which will be filed with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424 under the Securities Act.

The
Underwriting Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the opinion of Graubard Miller
relating to the legality of the issuance and sale of the securities in the Offering is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1. The foregoing
description of the Offering by the Company and the documentation related thereto does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to such exhibits, which are incorporated herein by reference.

The
Underwriting Agreement has been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding its terms. The agreement
is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in
the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the
parties to such agreement, may in some cases be made solely for the allocation of risk between the parties and may be subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Item
7.01. Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On
April 9, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Offering. On the same day, the Company issued a second press release
announcing that it had priced the Offering. The press releases are attached to this Current Report as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 and are
incorporated herein by reference.

The
information furnished under this Item 7.01, including the exhibits related thereto, shall not be deemed filed for purpose
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any disclosure
document of the Company, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such document.

Item
9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits:

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement.

5.1 Opinion of Graubard Miller.

23.1 Consent of Graubard Miller (including as part of Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 Press release announcing the Offering.

99.2 Press release announcing the pricing of the Offering.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 10, 2025 LUCID DIAGNOSTICS INC.

By: /s/ Dennis
McGrath

Dennis McGrath

Chief Financial Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

12,500,000
Shares

LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value per share

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

April
9, 2025

CANACCORD
GENUITY LLC

As
Representative of the several

Underwriters
named in Schedule I hereto

c/o Canaccord
Genuity LLC

One
Post Office Square, Suite 3000

Boston,
MA 02109

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) proposes to sell to the several Underwriters named
in Schedule I hereto (the Underwriters) an aggregate of 12,500,000 shares (the Firm Shares)
of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company. The Firm Shares consist of
12,500,000 authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to be issued and sold by the Company. The Company has also granted to the several
Underwriters an option to purchase up to 1,875,000 additional shares of Common Stock on the terms and for the purposes set forth in Section
3 hereof (the Option Shares). The Firm Shares and any Option Shares purchased pursuant to this Underwriting
Agreement (this Agreement) are herein collectively called the Securities.

The
Company hereby confirms its agreement with respect to the sale of the Securities to the several Underwriters, for whom Canaccord Genuity
LLC is acting as representative (the Representative and if there are no Underwriters other than Canaccord
Genuity LLC, references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall have the same
meaning as Underwriter).

1.
Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a registration statement on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-268560), under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or Act) and the rules and regulations
(the Rules and Regulations) of the Commission thereunder, and such amendments to such registration statement
as may have been required to the date of this Agreement.

Such
registration statement has been declared effective by the Commission. Each part of such registration statement, including the amendments,
exhibits and any schedules thereto, the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities
Act and the documents and information otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein by Rule 430B under the Securities Act
(the Rule 430B Information) or otherwise pursuant to the Rules and Regulations, as of the time the Registration
Statement became effective, is herein called the Registration Statement. Any registration statement filed
by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act is called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and, from
and after the date and time of filing of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the term Registration Statement shall
include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

The
prospectus in the form in which it has most recently been filed with the Commission on or prior to the date of this Agreement is herein
called the Base Prospectus. Each preliminary prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus (including the
Base Prospectus as so supplemented), that describes the Securities and the offering thereof, that omitted the Rule 430B Information and
that was used prior to the filing of the final prospectus supplement referred to in the following sentence is herein called a Preliminary
Prospectus. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission
a final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities and the offering thereof in accordance with the provisions
Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations. Such final supplemental form of prospectus (including the Base Prospectus as
so supplemented), in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) is herein called the Prospectus.
Any reference herein to the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to include the documents
incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

For
purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to include the copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System or any successor system thereto (EDGAR).
All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is described, contained,
included or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other
information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by the Rules and Regulations to be a part of or included in the
Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be; and all references in
this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
shall be deemed to mean and include the subsequent filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act) and which is deemed to be incorporated therein by reference therein or otherwise deemed by
the Rules and Regulations to be a part thereof.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company.

(a)
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the several Underwriters
as follows:

(i)
Registration Statement and Prospectuses. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus (or any supplement thereto) has been issued by the Commission and no proceeding for that purpose has been initiated or is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission. As of the time each part of the Registration Statement (or
any post-effective amendment thereto) became or becomes effective (including each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters
pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act), such part conformed or will conform in all material respects to the requirements
of the Act and the Rules and Regulations. Upon the filing or first use within the meaning of the Rules and Regulations, each Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus (or any supplement to either) conformed or will conform in all material respects to the requirements of
the Act and the Rules and Regulations. The Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective under
the Securities Act within three years of the date hereof. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all requests
of the Commission for additional or supplemental information. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
any post-effective amendment or any part thereof is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, are threatened by the Commission.

(ii)
Accurate Disclosure. Each Preliminary Prospectus, at the time of filing thereof or the time of first use within the meaning
of the Rules and Regulations, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at the effective time of each part thereof, contained, contains or will
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the Time of Sale (as defined below), neither (A) the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package (as defined below) nor (B) any issuer free writing prospectus (as defined below), when considered together with the Time of Sale
Disclosure Package, included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Neither the Prospectus nor any supplement
thereto, as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations, at
the First Closing Date or Second Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted,
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties in this Section 2(a)(ii) shall not apply to statements in or omissions
from any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
(or any supplement thereto) made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, written information furnished to the Company by you, or by
any Underwriter through you, specifically for use in the preparation of such document, it being understood and agreed that the only such
information furnished by any Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(e).

Each
reference to an issuer free writing prospectus herein means an issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule
433 of the Rules and Regulations.

Time
of Sale Disclosure Package means the Preliminary Prospectus dated April 9, 2025, any free writing prospectus set forth on
Schedule II and the information on Schedule III, all considered together.

Each
reference to a free writing prospectus herein means a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules
and Regulations.

Time
of Sale means 7:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date of this Agreement.

(iii)
Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses.

(A)
Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus does not include any information that conflicts with the information contained in the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus. The foregoing sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by you or by any Underwriter
through you specifically for use therein; it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter
consists of the information described as such in Section 6(f).

(B)
(1) At the earliest time after the filing of the Registration Statement that the Company or another offering participant made a bona
fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) under the Securities Act) of the Securities and (2) at the date hereof, the Company
was not and is not (as applicable) an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, including the
Company or any Subsidiary (as defined below) in the preceding three years not having been convicted of a felony or misdemeanor or having
been made the subject of a judicial or administrative decree or order as described in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations (without
taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations that it is not necessary that
the Company be considered an ineligible issuer), nor an excluded issuer as defined in Rule 164 under the Securities Act.

(C)
Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus satisfied, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times to the Time of Sale, all other conditions
to use thereof as set forth in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act.

(iv)
Testing-the-Waters Materials. The Company (i) has not alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications (as defined
below), other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the prior consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under
the Act and (ii) has not authorized anyone other than the Representative to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company
reconfirms that the Representative has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company
has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications (as defined below) other than those listed on Schedule V hereto. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Rule 163B under
the Act. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written
communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Act. Any individual Written Testing-the-Waters Communication does not conflict
with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, complied in all material respects
with the Act, and when taken together with the Time of Sale Disclosure Package as of the Time of Sale, did not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

(v)
No Other Offering Materials. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute any prospectus or other offering material
in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities other than any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus or other materials permitted by the Act to be distributed by the Company; provided, however, that, except
as set forth on Schedule II, the Company has not made and will not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute a
free writing prospectus, except in accordance with the provisions of Section 4(a)(xv) of this Agreement and, except as set forth on Schedule
V, the Company has not made and will not make any communication relating to the Securities that would constitute a Testing-the-Waters
Communication, except in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(a)(iv) of this Agreement.

(vi)
Conformity with the Securities Act and Exchange Act. The Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and the documents incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents were or are
filed with the Commission under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or became or become effective under the Securities Act, as the
case may be, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as
applicable.

(vii)
Financial Information. The consolidated financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, together with the related
notes and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiaries
(as defined below) as of the dates indicated and the consolidated results of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders
equity of the Company for the periods specified and have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and
Exchange Act and in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved; the other financial and statistical data with respect to the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined
below) contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and
the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, are accurately and fairly presented and prepared on a basis consistent with the financial
statements and books and records of the Company; there are no financial statements (historical or pro forma) that are required to be
included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that are not
included or incorporated by reference as required; the Company and the Subsidiaries (as defined below) do not have any material liabilities
or obligations, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet obligations), not described in the Registration Statement (excluding
the exhibits thereto), the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, other than liabilities incurred in the ordinary course
of business; and all disclosures contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus and the Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses, if any, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is
defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission) comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called
for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(viii)
Conformity with EDGAR Filing. The Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the sale of the Securities
pursuant to this Agreement will be identical to the versions of the Prospectus created to be transmitted to the Commission for filing
via EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(ix)
Organization. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly organized, validly existing as a corporation and in good standing
under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are duly licensed or qualified
as a foreign corporation for transaction of business and in good standing under the laws of each other jurisdiction in which their respective
ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such license or qualification, and have all corporate
power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective properties and to conduct their respective businesses as described in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect or would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on or affecting the assets, business, operations, earnings, properties, condition (financial
or otherwise), prospects, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or
prevent or materially interfere with consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (a Material Adverse Effect).

(x)
Subsidiaries. The subsidiaries set forth on Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K (collectively,
the Subsidiaries), are the Companys only significant subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission). Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and in the Prospectus, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the equity interests of the Subsidiaries free and clear
of any lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal or other restriction, and all the equity interests of the
Subsidiaries are validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive and similar rights. No Subsidiary is currently
prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys
capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such
Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(xi)
No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar
organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such
a default, in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are subject; or
(iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority (as defined below),
except, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such violation or default that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys knowledge, no other party under any material contract or other agreement
to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is a party is in default in any respect thereunder where such default would have a Material Adverse
Effect. Governmental Authority means (i) any federal, provincial, state, local, municipal, national or international
government or governmental authority, regulatory or administrative agency, governmental commission, department, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality, court, tribunal, arbitrator or arbitral body (public or private); (ii) any self-regulatory organization; or (iii)
any political subdivision of any of the foregoing.

(xii)
No Material Adverse Change. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and the Free Writing Prospectuses, if any (including any document deemed incorporated
by reference therein), there has not been (i) any Material Adverse Effect or the occurrence of any development that the Company reasonably
expects will result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any obligation or liability, direct or contingent (including any off-balance sheet
obligations), incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary, which is material to the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (iii)
any material change in the capital stock or outstanding long-term indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) any
dividend or distribution of any kind declared, paid or made on the capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in each
case above in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement or Prospectus (including any document
deemed incorporated by reference therein).

(xiii)
Capitalization. The issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been validly issued, are fully paid and
nonassessable and, other than as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or as
have been satisfied or waived in connection with the Offering, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or similar
rights. The Company has an authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of
Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as of the dates referred to therein (other than the grant of additional options shares of
restricted stock, or other stock-based awards under the Companys existing stock option plans, or changes in the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock of the Company due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of securities exercisable for, or
convertible into, Common Stock outstanding on the date hereof) and such authorized capital stock conforms to the description thereof
set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The description of the securities of
the Company in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is complete and accurate in all material
respects. Except as disclosed in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
as of the date referred to therein, the Company does not have outstanding any options to purchase, or any rights or warrants to subscribe
for, or any securities or obligations convertible into, or exchangeable for, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell, any shares
of capital stock or other securities.

(xiv)
Authorization; Enforceability. The Company has full legal right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform
the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and is a legal,
valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general
equitable principles.

(xv)
Authorization of Securities. The Securities, when issued and delivered pursuant to the terms approved by the board of directors
of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof, or a duly authorized executive committee, against payment therefor as provided
herein, will be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any pledge, lien, encumbrance,
security interest or other claim, including any statutory or contractual preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal or
other similar rights, and will be registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. The Securities, when issued, will conform to
the description thereof set forth in or incorporated into the Prospectus.

(xvi)
No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any Governmental Authority
is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale by the Company of the
Securities, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications as may be required under
applicable state securities laws, or by the by-laws and rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
or the Exchange, in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Underwriters.

(xvii)
No Preferential Rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
or as have been satisfied or waived in connection with the Offering, (i) no person, as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation
S-X promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a Person), has the right, contractual or otherwise, to cause
the Company to issue or sell to such Person any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company,
(ii) no Person has any preemptive rights, resale rights, rights of first refusal, rights of co-sale, or any other rights (whether pursuant
to a poison pill provision or otherwise) to purchase any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities
of the Company, (iii) no Person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Company in connection with the
offer and sale of the Common Stock, and (iv) no Person has the right, contractual or otherwise, to require the Company to register under
the Securities Act any Common Stock or shares of any other capital stock or other securities of the Company, or to include any such shares
or other securities in the Registration Statement or the offering contemplated thereby, whether as a result of the filing or effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or the sale of the Securities as contemplated thereby or otherwise.

(xviii)
Independent Public Accounting Firm. Marcum LLP (the Accountant), whose report on the consolidated
financial statements of the Company is filed with the Commission as part of the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, are and, during the period covered by their report, were an independent registered public accounting firm within the meaning
of the Securities Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). To the Companys knowledge, the Accountant
is not in violation of the auditor independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)
with respect to the Company.

(xix)
Enforceability of Agreements. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
all agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced in the Prospectus are legal, valid and binding obligations
of the Company enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general equitable
principles and (ii) the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public
policy considerations in respect thereof.

(xx)
No Litigation. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, there
are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority pending, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any audits
or investigations by or before any Governmental Authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party or to which any property of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect and,
to the Companys knowledge, no such actions, suits, proceedings, audits or investigations are threatened or contemplated by any
Governmental Authority or threatened by others; and (i) there are no current or pending audits or investigations, actions, suits or proceedings
by or before any Governmental Authority that are required under the Securities Act to be described in the Prospectus that are not so
described; and (ii) there are no contracts or other documents that are required under the Securities Act to be filed as exhibits to the
Registration Statement that are not so filed.

(xxi)
Consents and Permits. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries have made all filings, applications and submissions required by, possesses and is operating in compliance
with, all approvals, licenses, certificates, certifications, clearances, consents, grants, exemptions, marks, notifications, orders,
permits and other authorizations issued by, the appropriate federal, state or foreign Governmental Authority (including, without limitation,
the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA), the United States Drug Enforcement Administration
or any other foreign, federal, state, provincial, court or local government or regulatory authorities including self-regulatory organizations
engaged in the regulation of clinical trials, pharmaceuticals, biologics or biohazardous substances or materials) necessary for the ownership
or lease of their respective properties or to conduct its businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus (collectively, Permits), except for such Permits the failure of which to possess,
obtain or make the same would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and
conditions of all such Permits, except where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the Permits
are valid and in full force and effect, except where any invalidity, individually or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice relating to the
limitation, revocation, cancellation, suspension, modification or non-renewal of any such Permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if
the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or has any reason to believe that any
such license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course. To the extent required by applicable laws
and regulations of the FDA, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary has submitted to the FDA an Investigational Device Exemption Application
or amendment or supplement thereto for each clinical trial it has conducted or sponsored or is conducting or sponsoring; all such submissions
were in material compliance with applicable laws and rules and regulations when submitted and no material deficiencies have been asserted
by the FDA with respect to any such submissions.

(xxii)
Regulatory Filings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has failed to file with the applicable Governmental Authorities (including, without limitation,
the FDA, or any foreign, federal, state, provincial or local Governmental Authority performing functions similar to those performed by
the FDA) any required filing, declaration, listing, registration, report or submission, except for such failures that, individually or
in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, all such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports or submissions were in compliance with applicable
laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority with respect to any such filings, declarations,
listings, registrations, reports or submissions, except for any deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company has operated and currently is, in all material respects, in compliance with the United States Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, all applicable rules and regulations of the FDA and other federal, state, local and foreign Governmental
Authority exercising comparable authority.

(xxiii)
Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic patents, patent applications,
trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology,
Internet domain names, know-how and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property),
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted except to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license
or otherwise hold adequate rights to use such Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (i) there are no rights
of third parties to any such Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (ii) to the Companys knowledge,
there is no infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any
such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding
or claim; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging
the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property; (v) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action,
suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company and its Subsidiaries infringe or otherwise violate any patent, trademark, copyright,
trade secret or other proprietary rights of others; (vi) to the Companys knowledge, there is no third-party U.S. patent or published
U.S. patent application which contains claims for which an Interference Proceeding (as defined in 35 U.S.C. 135) has been commenced
against any patent or patent application described in the Prospectus as being owned by or licensed to the Company; and (vii) the Company
and its Subsidiaries have complied with the terms of each agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the
Company or such Subsidiary, and all such agreements are in full force and effect, except, in the case of any of clauses (i)-(vii) above,
for any such infringement by third parties or any such pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding or claim as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxiv)
Clinical Studies. The preclinical studies and tests and clinical trials described in the Prospectus were, and, if still pending,
are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the experimental protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to, where
applicable, accepted professional and scientific standards for products or product candidates comparable to those being developed by
the Company; the descriptions of such studies, tests and trials, and the results thereof, contained in the Prospectus are accurate and
complete in all material respects; the Company is not aware of any tests, studies or trials not described in the Prospectus, the results
of which reasonably call into question the results of the tests, studies and trials described in the Prospectus; and the Company has
not received any written notice or correspondence from the FDA or any foreign, state or local Governmental Authority exercising comparable
authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring the termination, suspension, clinical hold or material
modification of any tests, studies or trials.

(xxv)
Market Capitalization. At the time the Registration Statement was originally declared effective, and at the time the Companys
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the Commission subsequent to such effective date, the Company met the then applicable
requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.
As of the date hereof, the Company meets the applicable requirements for the use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act pursuant to General
Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. The Company is not a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) and has not been
a shell company for at least 12 calendar months previously and if it has been a shell company at any time previously, has filed current
Form 10 information (as defined in Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3) with the Commission at least 12 calendar months previously reflecting
its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(xxvi)
FINRA Matters. The information provided to the Underwriters by the Company, its counsel, and its officers and directors for purposes
of the Underwriters compliance with applicable FINRA rules in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete, and
correct.

(xxvii)
No Material Defaults. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed
money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has not filed a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the filing of its last Annual
Report on Form 10-K, indicating that it (i) has failed to pay any dividend or sinking fund installment on preferred stock or (ii) has
defaulted on any installment on indebtedness for borrowed money or on any rental on one or more long-term leases, which defaults, individually
or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxviii)
Certain Market Activities. Neither the Company, nor any of the Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective directors, officers or
controlling persons has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to
cause or result in, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

(xxix)
Broker/Dealer Relationships. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) is required to register as a broker
or dealer in accordance with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls or is a person associated with a member or associated person of a member (within the meaning set
forth in the FINRA Manual).

(xxx)
No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the Underwriters or legal counsel for the Underwriters for any legal, tax or accounting
advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Securities.

(xxxi)
Taxes. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns which have been required
to be filed and paid all taxes shown thereon through the date hereof, to the extent that such taxes have become due and are not being
contested in good faith, except where the failure to so file or pay would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise disclosed
in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, no tax deficiency has been determined
adversely to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect. The Company has no knowledge of any federal, state or other governmental tax deficiency, penalty or assessment which has been
or might be asserted or threatened against it which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxxii)
Title to Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all items of real property owned by
them, good and valid title to all personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or Prospectus
as being owned by them, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, except those matters that (i) do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real or personal property described in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package or Prospectus as being leased by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries is held by them under valid, existing
and enforceable leases, except for such leases that are not valid, existing and enforceable that would not be reasonably expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries complies with all
applicable codes, laws and regulations (including, without limitation, building and zoning codes, laws and regulations and laws relating
to access to such properties), except if and to the extent disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package
or Prospectus or except for such failures to comply that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to interfere
in any material respect with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise have
a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or its subsidiaries has received from any Governmental Authorities any notice of any condemnation
of, or zoning change affecting, the properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the Company knows of no such condemnation or
zoning change which is threatened, except for such that would not reasonably be expected to interfere in any material respect with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its Subsidiaries or otherwise have a Material Adverse Effect, individually
or in the aggregate.

(xxxiii)
Environmental Laws. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, regulations,
decisions and orders relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes,
pollutants or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws); (ii) have received and are in compliance with
all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses
as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and (iii) have not received written
notice of any actual or potential liability for the investigation or remediation of any disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances
or wastes, pollutants or contaminants, except, in the case of any of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above, for any such failure to comply
or failure to receive required permits, licenses, other approvals or liability as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(xxxiv)
Disclosure Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal accounting controls designed to provide
reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii)
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability;
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to
any differences. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective and the Company is not aware of any material
weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting (in each case, other than as set forth in the Prospectus). The Company has
established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that material information relating to the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Companys certifying officers
have evaluated the effectiveness of the Companys disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the Companys most
recently completed fiscal quarter (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its Form 10-Q
or Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended as of the Evaluation Date the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures as of such date based on their evaluations of such controls and procedures and the disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Companys
internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act) or, to the Companys knowledge,
in other factors that could significantly affect the Companys internal controls (in each case, other than as set forth in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus).

(xxxv)
Sarbanes-Oxley. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers,
in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company (or
each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer of the Company as applicable) has
made all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements
and other documents required to be filed by it or furnished by it to the Commission. For purposes of the preceding sentence, principal
executive officer and principal financial officer shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act.

(xxxvi)
Finders Fees. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any finders fees, brokerage
commissions or similar payments in connection with the transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to
the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or as disclosed in writing to the Representative on or prior to the date hereof.

(xxxvii)
Labor Disputes. No labor disturbance by or dispute with employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the
knowledge of the Company, is threatened which would result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(xxxviii)
Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is or, after giving effect to the offering and sale of
the Securities, will be an investment company or an entity controlled by an investment company,
as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act).

(xxxix)
Operations. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company or its Subsidiaries are subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(xl)
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships between and/or among the Company,
and/or any of its affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose or
limited purpose entity (each, an Off-Balance Sheet Transaction) that could reasonably be expected to affect
materially the Companys liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including those Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions described in the Commissions Statement about Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions
and Results of Operations (Release Nos. 33-8056; 34-45321; FR-61), required to be described in the Prospectus which have not been described
as required.

(xli)
ERISA. To the knowledge of the Company, each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed
to by the Company or any of its affiliates for employees or former employees of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries has been maintained
in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not
limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); no prohibited transaction,
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred which would result in a material liability to the
Company with respect to any such plan excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption; and for each
such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, no accumulated funding deficiency
as defined in Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market value of the assets of each such
plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan
determined using reasonable actuarial assumptions.

(xlii)
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act) (a Forward-Looking Statement) contained in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than
in good faith.

(xliii)
Margin Rules. Neither the issuance, sale and delivery of the Securities nor the application of the proceeds thereof by the Company
as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus will violate Regulation T, U or X
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other regulation of such Board of Governors.

(xliv)
Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks
as the Company and each of its Subsidiaries reasonably believe are adequate for the conduct of their properties and as is customary for
companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

(xlv)
No Improper Practices. (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary
has, in the past five years, made any unlawful contributions to any candidate for any political office (or failed fully to disclose any
contribution in violation of applicable law) or made any contribution or other payment to any official of, or candidate for, any federal,
state, municipal, or foreign office or other person charged with similar public or quasi-public duty in violation of any applicable law
or of the character required to be disclosed in the Prospectus; (ii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the
Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of any of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers and stockholders of the Company
or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or
among the Company or any Subsidiary or any affiliate of them, on the one hand, and the directors, officers, or stockholders of the Company
or any Subsidiary, on the other hand, that is required by the rules of FINRA to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iv) except as described in the Registration Statement, the Time
of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness
by the Company or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the
families of any of them; and (v) the Company has not offered, or caused any placement agent to offer, Common Stock to any person with
the intent to influence unlawfully (A) a customer or supplier of the Company or any Subsidiary to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or (B) a trade journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective products or services, and, (vi) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
nor any director, officer or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or
other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has (A) violated or is in violation of any applicable provision of the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law (collectively, Anti-Corruption
Laws), (B) promised, offered, provided, attempted to provide or authorized the provision of anything of value, directly or
indirectly, to any person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, influencing any act or decision of the recipient, or securing
any improper advantage; or (C) made any payment of funds of the Company or any Subsidiary or received or retained any funds in violation
of any Anti-Corruption Laws.

(xlvi)
Status Under the Securities Act. The Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act at the times specified in Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities.

(xlvii)
No Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and
as of each Applicable Time (as defined in Section 23 below), did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted,
conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus,
including any incorporated document deemed to be a part thereof that has not been superseded or modified. The foregoing sentence does
not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by the Underwriters specifically for use therein.

(xlviii)
No Conflicts. Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the issuance, offering or sale of the Securities, nor the consummation
of any of the transactions contemplated herein and therein, nor the compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions hereof and
thereof will (x) violate, or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a
default under, or has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any contract or other agreement to which the Company may be bound or to which any of the
property or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such violation, breach, default or result as has been waived, or (y) violate
any Law applicable to the Company, except (i) in the case of clause (x), such conflicts, breaches or defaults as may have been waived
and (ii) in the case of clauses (x) and (y), such conflicts, breaches and defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect; nor
will such action result in any violation of the provisions of the organizational or governing documents of the Company.

(xlix)
Sanctions. (i) The Company represents that, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Entity)
or any director, officer, or, to the knowledge of the Company, employee, agent, affiliate or representative of the Entity, is a government,
individual, or entity (in this paragraph (xlix), Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that
is:

(l)
the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC),
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authorities, including,
without limitation, designation on OFACs Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or OFACs Foreign Sanctions
Evaders List (as amended, collectively, Sanctions), nor

(li)
located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country
or territory (including, without limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called
Luhansk Peoples Republic and the Crimea Region of the Ukraine) (the Sanctioned Countries)).

(lii)
(ii) The Entity represents and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person:

(liii)
to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions or is a Sanctioned Country; or

(liv)
in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether
as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(lv)
(iii) The Entity represents and covenants that, except as detailed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus, for the past five years, it has not engaged in, is not now engaging in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions
with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or
is or was a Sanctioned Country.

(lvi)
Stock Transfer Taxes. On each Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income taxes) which are required to
be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Securities to be sold hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided
for by the Company and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been fully complied with.

(lvii)
Compliance with Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries: (A) is and at all times during the past three years has been in
compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing,
use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export or disposal of any product manufactured
or distributed by the Company or its Subsidiaries (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (B) has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse
finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other written correspondence or written notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority
alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits
and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (C) possesses
all Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of any such Authorizations,
except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (D) has not received
written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental
Authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and
has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action,
suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received written notice that any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking or intends
to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Authority is considering
such action; (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date filed
(or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted,
or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post sale warning,
dear healthcare provider letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product
or any alleged product defect or violation, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any
such notice or action.

(lviii)
Statistical and Market-Related Data. The statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes to be reliable and
accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

(lix)
Cybersecurity. The Company and its Subsidiaries information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks,
hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are materially adequate
for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with, the operation of the business of the Company as
currently conducted, free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants.
The Company and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls,
policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation,
redundancy and security of all IT Systems and data, including all Personal Data (defined below) and all sensitive, confidential
or regulated data (Confidential Data) used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax
identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account number;
(ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act,
as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health
information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); (v) any personal information as
defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA); and (vi) any other piece of information that allows
the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified
persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no material breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses
to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor are
any such incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same. The Company and its Subsidiaries are presently in material
compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental
or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems, Confidential
Data, and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems, Confidential Data, and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification.

(lx)
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are, and at all prior times were, in material compliance with
all applicable state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, CCPA, and the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy Laws).
To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company has in place policies and procedures, and complies with and takes appropriate
steps to ensure compliance, in each case in all material respects, with its policies and procedures, relating to data privacy and security
and the collection, storage, use, processing, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data and Confidential Data (the Policies).
The Company has at all times made all material disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or
requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws
and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that neither it nor any Subsidiary: (i) has
received written notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential violation of, any of the Privacy
Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any such notice; (ii) is currently
conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Privacy Law;
or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

(lxi)
Emerging Growth Company Status. From the time of the initial filing of the Companys first registration statement with the
Commission through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a)
of the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

(b)
Effect of Certificates. Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company and delivered to you or to counsel for the
Underwriters shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby.

3.
Purchase, Sale and Delivery of Securities.

(a)
Firm Shares. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms
and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell the Firm Shares, to the several Underwriters, and each Underwriter
agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter
in Schedule I hereto. The purchase price for each Firm Share shall be $1.1286 per share. The obligation of each Underwriter to the Company
shall be to purchase from the Company that number of Firm Shares (to be adjusted by the Representative to avoid fractional shares) which
represents the same proportion of the number of Firm Shares to be sold by the Company pursuant to this Agreement as the number of Firm
Shares set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter in Schedule I hereto represents to the total number of Firm Shares to be purchased
by all Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement. In making this Agreement, each Underwriter is contracting severally and not jointly;
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this Section 3 and in Section 8 hereof, the agreement of each Underwriter is to purchase only
the respective number of Firm Shares specified in Schedule I.

The
Firm Shares will be delivered by the Company to you for the accounts of the several Underwriters against payment of the purchase price
therefor by wire transfer of same day funds payable to the order of the Company, as appropriate, at the offices of Duane Morris LLP,
1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036, or such other location as may be mutually acceptable, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on the first (or
if the Securities are priced, as contemplated by Rule 15c6-1(c) under the Exchange Act, after 4:30 p.m. Eastern time, the second) full
business day following the date hereof, or at such other time and date as you and the Company determine pursuant to Rule 15c6-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, such time and date of delivery being herein referred to as the First Closing Date.

(b)
Option Shares. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms
and conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants to the several Underwriters an option to purchase all or any portion of the
Option Shares at the same purchase price as the Firm Shares. The option granted hereunder may be exercised in whole or in part at any
time (but not more than once) within 45 days after the effective date of this Agreement upon notice (confirmed in writing) by the Representative
to the Company setting forth the aggregate number of Option Shares as to which the several Underwriters are exercising the option and
the date and time, as determined by you, when the Option Shares are to be delivered, such time and date being herein referred to as the
Second Closing and Second Closing Date, respectively, provided, however, that
the Second Closing Date shall not be earlier than the First Closing Date nor earlier than the first business day after the date on which
the option shall have been exercised. The number of Option Shares to be purchased by each Underwriter shall be the same percentage of
the total number of Option Shares to be purchased by the several Underwriters as the number of Firm Shares to be purchased by such Underwriter
is of the total number of Firm Shares to be purchased by the several Underwriters, as adjusted by the Representative in such manner as
the Representative deem advisable to avoid fractional shares. No Option Shares shall be sold and delivered unless the Firm Shares previously
have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered.

The
Option Shares will be delivered by the Company, as appropriate, to you for the accounts of the several Underwriters against payment of
the purchase price therefor by wire transfer of same day funds payable to the order of the Company at the offices of Duane Morris LLP,
1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036, or such other location as may be mutually acceptable at 10:00 a.m., Central time, on the Second Closing
Date.

(c)
Delivery. Delivery of the Firm Shares or the Option Shares will be made by credit through full fast transfer to the accounts
at the Depository Trust Company designated by the Representative. In the event that the Firm Shares (and Option Shares, if elected by
the Representative) are not delivered to the Representative by 2:30 p.m., New York City time, on the First Closing Date (and the Second
Closing Date, if elected by the Representative), the Company will return payment of the full purchase price to the Representative via
same day funds by 4:30 p.m., New York City time. The Company shall remain liable to the Representative for the full amount of the purchase
price and any costs associated with recovering the purchase price until the full amount has been received by the Representative.

(d)
Purchase by Representative on Behalf of Underwriters. It is understood that you, individually and not as Representative
of the several Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment to the Company, on behalf of any Underwriter for the Securities
to be purchased by such Underwriter. Any such payment by you shall not relieve any such Underwriter of any of its obligations hereunder.
Nothing herein contained shall constitute any of the Underwriters an unincorporated association or partner with the Company.

4.
Covenants.

(a)
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the several Underwriters as follows:

(i)
Required Filings. During the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the later of the Second Closing Date or
such date, as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required by law to be delivered (assuming the
absence of Rule 172 under the Securities Act), in connection with sales by an Underwriter or dealer (the Prospectus Delivery
Period), prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement including any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement),
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, the Company shall furnish to the Representative for review a copy of each such
proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the Representative
or counsel to the Underwriters reasonably object. Subject to this Section 4(a)(i), immediately following execution of this Agreement,
the Company will prepare the Prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information and other selling terms of the Securities, the plan of distribution
thereof and such other information as may be required by the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations or as the Representative and
the Company may deem appropriate, and if requested by the Representative, an issuer free writing prospectus containing the selling terms
of the Securities and such other information as the Company and the Representative may deem appropriate, and will file or transmit for
filing with the Commission, in accordance with Rule 424(b) or Rule 433, as the case may be, copies of the Prospectus and each issuer
free writing prospectus.

(ii)
Notification of Certain Commission Actions. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall promptly advise the
Representative in writing (A) of the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission,
(B) of the time and date of any filing of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to
any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (C) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement becomes effective, (D) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or of any order preventing or suspending its use or the use of
any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus, or (E) of any
proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Common Stock from any securities exchange upon which it is
listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such purposes.
If the Commission shall enter any such stop order at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order
at the earliest possible moment. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions of Rules 424(b), 430A and
430B, as applicable, under the Securities Act and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under
Rule 424(b), Rule 433 or Rule 462 were received in a timely manner by the Commission (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) or Rule 164(b)).

(iii)
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. (A) During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will comply as far as
it is able with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act, as now and hereafter amended, and by the Rules and Regulations,
as from time to time in force, and by the Exchange Act so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities
as contemplated by the provisions hereof, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If during such period any event occurs
as a result of which the Prospectus (or if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package) would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary or appropriate in the opinion
of the Company or its counsel or the Representative or counsel to the Underwriters to amend the Registration Statement or supplement
the Prospectus (or, if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package) to comply
with the Securities Act or to file under the Exchange Act any document which would be deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Prospectus
in order to comply with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the Company promptly will (x) notify you of such untrue statement or
omission, (y) amend the Registration Statement or supplement the Prospectus (or, if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective
purchasers, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package) or file such document (at the expense of the Company) so as to correct such statement
or omission or effect such compliance, and (z) notify you when any amendment to the Registration Statement is filed or becomes effective
or when any supplement to the Prospectus (or, if the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package) is filed.

(A)
If at any time following issuance of an issuer free writing prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of
which such issuer free writing prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement,
the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at that
subsequent time, not misleading, the Company (x) has promptly notified or promptly will notify the Representative of such conflict, untrue
statement or omission, (y) has promptly amended or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such issuer free writing prospectus
to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission, and (2) has notified or promptly will notify you when such amendment
or supplement was or is filed with the Commission where so required to be filed.

(B)
If immediately prior to the third anniversary of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Securities remain
unsold by the Underwriters, the Company will prior to that third anniversary file, if it has not already done so, a new shelf registration
statement relating to the Securities, in a form satisfactory to the Representative, will use its best efforts to cause such registration
statement to be declared effective within 180 days after that third anniversary, and will take all other action necessary or appropriate
to permit the public offering and sale of the Securities to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to
the Securities. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new shelf registration statement.

(iv) Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company
shall take or cause to be taken all necessary action to qualify the Securities for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions
as you reasonably designate and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities,
except that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation (where not otherwise required),
subject itself to taxation in any jurisdiction where not otherwise required, or to execute a general consent to service of process in
any jurisdiction (where not otherwise required).

(v) Provision of Documents. The Company
will furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters copies of the Registration Statement (three of
which will be signed and will include all consents and exhibits filed therewith), and to the Underwriters and any dealer each Preliminary
Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any issuer free writing prospectus, and all amendments and supplements
to such documents, in each case as soon as available and in such quantities as you may from time to time reasonably request.

(vi) Rule 158. The Company will make
generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 months after the end of the Companys
current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a 12-month period that shall satisfy the provisions
of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations.

(vii) Payment and Reimbursement of Expenses.
The Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, will pay or cause
to be paid (A) all expenses (including transfer taxes allocated to the respective transferees) incurred in connection with the delivery
to the Underwriters of the Securities, (B) all expenses and fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Companys
accountants and counsel but, except as otherwise provided below, not including fees of the Underwriters counsel) in connection
with the preparation, printing, filing, delivery, and shipping of the Registration Statement (including the financial statements therein
and all amendments, schedules, and exhibits thereto), the Securities, each Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package,
the Prospectus, any issuer free writing prospectus and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, and the printing, delivery, and shipping
of this Agreement and other underwriting documents, including Blue Sky Memoranda (covering the states and other applicable jurisdictions),
(C) all filing fees and fees and the reasonable disbursements of the Underwriters counsel incurred in connection with the qualification
of the Securities for offering and sale by the Underwriters or by dealers under the securities or blue sky laws of the states and other
jurisdictions which you shall designate, (D) the fees and expenses of any transfer agent or registrar, (E) the filing fees and fees and
disbursements of Underwriters counsel incident to any required review and approval by FINRA of the terms of the sale of the Securities,
(F) listing fees, if any, (G) the cost and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations or any road show undertaken
in connection with marketing of the Securities, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination
of any electronic road show, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics, fees and expenses of any consultants
engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives
and officers of the Company and, with the prior approval of the Company, any such consultants, and 50% of the cost of any aircraft chartered
in connection with the road show (the remaining 50% to be paid for by the Underwriters), (H) the reasonable fees and disbursements of
counsel to the Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, and (I) all other costs and expenses of
the Company incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder that are not otherwise specifically provided for herein; provided,
however, that such costs and expenses provided for in clauses (C), (E) and (H) shall not exceed $50,000 in the aggregate.

(viii) Use of Proceeds. The Company will
apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities to be sold by it hereunder for the purposes set forth in the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package and in the Prospectus.

(ix) Company Lock Up. The Company will
not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, from the date of execution of this Agreement and continuing to and including
the date 45 days after the date of the Prospectus (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, announce the intention
to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right
or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock or any securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Common Stock, whether any such transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above
is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, except (A) to the Underwriters pursuant to
this Agreement, (B) the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of any stock options or warrants, or upon
the conversion, or in payment of dividends on, any shares of preferred stock of the Company, outstanding as of the date hereof and disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (C) the issuance by the Company of shares of Common
Stock or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Companys equity incentive plans in effect on the date
hereof and described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (D) the filing of a registration
statement on Form S-8 with respect to the Companys equity incentive plans in effect on the date hereof and described in the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; or (E) the sale or issuance of or entry into an agreement providing
for the issuance of shares of Common Stock, or any security convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, in connection
with the acquisition by the Company of the securities, business or assets of another person or entity or pursuant to an employee benefit
plan assumed by the Company in connection with such acquisition, or in connection with joint ventures, commercial relationships or other
strategic transactions; provided, that the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Company may sell or issue or agree to sell
or issue pursuant to this clause (E) shall not exceed 5% of the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
following the completion of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and provided further, that the Company shall cause each recipient
of such shares or other securities to execute and deliver to you, on or prior to such issuance, a Lock-Up Agreement and issue stop order
restrictions to its transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock with respect to any transaction or contemplated transaction that
would constitute a breach of or default under the applicable Lock-Up Agreement.

(x) Stockholder Lock-Ups. The Company
has caused to be delivered to you prior to the date of this Agreement a letter, in the form of Exhibit A hereto (the Lock-Up
Agreement), from each director and executive officer listed on Schedule IV. The Company will enforce the terms of each
Lock-Up Agreement and issue stop-transfer instructions to the transfer agent for the Common Stock with respect to any transaction or contemplated
transaction that would constitute a breach of or default under the applicable Lock-Up Agreement.

(xi) No Market Stabilization or Manipulation.
The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or which might reasonably be expected to cause
or result in, or which has constituted, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the
sale or resale of the Securities.

(xii) SEC Reports. During the Prospectus
Delivery Period, the Company will file on a timely basis with the Commission such periodic and special reports as required by the Rules
and Regulations.

(xiii) Sarbanes-Oxley. To the extent
legally required, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries will comply with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(xiv) Free Writing Prospectuses. The
Company represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, and each Underwriter severally
represents and agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Company and the Representative, it has not made and will
not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus required to be filed with the Commission; provided that the prior written consent of the parties hereto shall
be deemed to have been given in respect of the free writing prospectuses included in Schedule II. Any such free writing prospectus consented
to by the Company and the Representative is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.
The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer free writing
prospectus, and has complied and will comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Rules and Regulations applicable to any
Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees not to take any action that would result in the Company being required to file with
the Commission under Rule 433(d) a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the Company that otherwise would not be required
to be filed by the Company thereunder, but for the action of the Company. Each Underwriter severally represents and agrees that, (A) unless
it obtains the prior written consent of the Company and the Representative, it has not distributed, and will not distribute any Written
Testing-the-Waters Communication other than those listed on Schedule V, and (B) any Testing-the-Waters Communication undertaken by it
was with entities that are qualified institutional buyers with the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act.

5. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the several Underwriters hereunder are subject to the accuracy,
as of the date hereof and at each of the First Closing Date and the Second Closing Date (each, a Closing Date)
(as if made at such Closing Date), of and compliance with all representations, warranties and agreements of the Company contained herein,
to the performance by the Company of its respective obligations hereunder and to the following additional conditions:

(a) Required
Filings; Absence of Certain Commission Actions. If filing of the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or
any issuer free writing prospectus, is required under the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations, the Company shall have filed the
Prospectus (or such amendment or supplement) or such issuer free writing prospectus with the Commission in the manner and within the time
period so required (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8) or Rule 164(b)); the Registration Statement shall remain effective; no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any part thereof, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or any amendment
thereof, nor suspending or preventing the use of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus
shall have been issued; no proceedings for the issuance of such an order shall have been initiated or threatened; any request of the Commission
for additional information (to be included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, any issuer
free writing prospectus or otherwise) shall have been complied with to your satisfaction.

(b) Continued
Compliance with Securities Laws. No Underwriter shall have advised the Company that (i) the Registration Statement or any
amendment thereof or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a material fact which, in your opinion, is material or omits to
state a material fact which, in your opinion, is required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
or (ii) the Time of Sale Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any issuer free writing
prospectus contains an untrue statement of fact which, in your opinion, is material, or omits to state a fact which, in your opinion,
is material and is required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they are made, not misleading.

(c) Absence
of Certain Events. Except as contemplated in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus, subsequent to the
respective dates as of which information is given in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
shall have incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions, or declared
or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock; and there shall not have been any change
in the capital stock (other than a change in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock due to the issuance of shares upon the exercise
of outstanding options or warrants or conversion of convertible securities), or any material change in the short-term or long-term debt
of the Company (other than as a result of the conversion of convertible securities), or any issuance of options, warrants, convertible
securities or other rights to purchase the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Material Adverse Effect or
any development involving a prospective Material Adverse Effect (whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business), or any loss
by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, incurred by the Company or any Subsidiary,
the effect of which, in any such case described above, in your judgment, makes it impractical or inadvisable to offer or deliver the Securities
on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and in the Prospectus.

(d) No
Downgrade. On or after the Time of Sale (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded any of the Companys
securities by any nationally recognized statistical organization, as that term is defined by the Commission for purposes
of Rule 436(g)(2) under the Securities Act, and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance
or review, with possible negative implications, its rating of any of the Companys securities or;

(e) Opinion
of Company Counsel. On each Closing Date, there shall have been furnished to you, as Representative of the several Underwriters,
the opinion and negative assurance letter of Graubard Miller, counsel for the Company, dated such Closing Date and addressed to you and
in such form and substance as is reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(f) Opinion
of Intellectual Property Counsel. On each Closing Date, there shall have been furnished to you, as Representative of the
several Underwriters, the opinion of Peter Sleman, intellectual property counsel for the Company, dated such Closing Date and addressed
to you in such form and substance as is reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

(g) Opinion
of Underwriters Counsel. On each Closing Date, there shall have been furnished to you, as Representative of the
several Underwriters, the opinion and negative assurance letter from Duane Morris LLP, counsel for the several Underwriters, dated such
Closing Date and addressed to you, with respect to the formation of the Company, the validity of the Securities, the Registration Statement,
the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and other related matters as you reasonably may request, and such counsel shall have
received such papers and information as they request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

(h) Comfort
Letters. On the date hereof, on the effective date of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement filed
after the date hereof and on each Closing Date you, as Representative of the several Underwriters, shall have received accountants
comfort letters of Marcum LLP, dated such date and addressed to you, in form and substance satisfactory to you.

(i) Officers
Certificate. On each Closing Date, there shall have been furnished to you, as Representative of the Underwriters, a certificate,
dated such Closing Date and addressed to you, signed by the chief executive officer and by the chief financial officer of the Company,
to the effect that:

(i) The representations and warranties of the Company
in this Agreement are true and correct as if made at and as of such Closing Date, and the Company has complied with all the agreements
and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to such Closing Date;

(ii) No stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement or any part thereof or any amendment thereof or the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale
nor suspending or preventing the use of the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus, has
been issued, and no proceeding for that purpose has been instituted or, to the best of their knowledge, is contemplated by the Commission
or any state or regulatory body; and

(iii) Affirms the accuracy of the matters set forth
in subsection (c) of this Section 5.

(j) Lock-Up
Agreement. The Underwriters shall have received all of the Lock-Up Agreements referenced in Section 4 and the Lock-Up Agreements
shall remain in full force and effect.

(k) FINRA
No Objections. FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements.

(l) Other
Documents. The Company shall have furnished to you and counsel for the Underwriters such additional documents, certificates
and evidence as you or they may have reasonably requested.

(m) Exchange
Listing. The Securities to be delivered on such Closing Date have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market,
subject to official notice of issuance.

(n) CFO
Certificate. On the date of this Agreement and on each Closing Date, as the case may be, the Company shall have furnished
to the Representative a certificate, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, of its chief financial
officer with respect to certain financial data contained in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, providing management
comfort with respect to such information, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

All such opinions, certificates, letters and other
documents will be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to you and counsel
for the Underwriters. The Company will furnish you with such conformed copies of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents
as you shall reasonably request.

6. Indemnification
and Contribution.

(a) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers
and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act,
from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such Underwriter may become subject, under the
Act or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company), insofar
as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) an untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, including the 430A Information and any other information
deemed to be a part of the Registration Statement at the time of effectiveness and at any subsequent time pursuant to the Rules and Regulations,
if applicable, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
any issuer free writing prospectus, any issuer information that the Company has filed or is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) of
the Rules and Regulations, any roadshow materials, or any Testing-the-Waters Communication or (ii) the omission or alleged omission to
state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse
each Underwriter for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending against such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that the Company will not be
liable in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of or is based upon an untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by you, or by any Underwriter through you, specifically for use in the preparation thereof; it being understood
and agreed that the only information furnished by an Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(f).

(b) Indemnification
by the Underwriters. Each Underwriter will, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates,
directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act and Section 20 of
the Exchange Act, from and against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company may become subject, under the Act or
otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar
as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) (i) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, any issuer free writing prospectus, any issuer information that the Company
has filed or is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Rules and Regulations, or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication,
or any road show, or (ii) arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that
such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance on or in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by you, or by such Underwriter through you, specifically for use in the preparation thereof (it being
understood and agreed that the only information furnished by an Underwriter consists of the information described as such in Section 6(e)),
and will reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in connection with investigating or
defending against any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred.

(c) Notice
and Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement
of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection,
notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve
the indemnifying party from any liability that it may have to any indemnified party except to the extent such indemnifying party has been
materially prejudiced by such failure (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses). In case any such action shall be brought
against any indemnified party, and it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be
entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume
the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such
indemnified party of the indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable
to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection
with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that if, in the sole judgment
of the Representative, it is advisable for the Underwriters to be represented as a group by separate counsel, the Representative shall
have the right to employ a single counsel (in addition to local counsel) to represent the Representative and all Underwriters who may
be subject to liability arising from any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Underwriters under subsection (a) of
this Section 6, in which event the reasonable fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be borne by the indemnifying party or parties
and reimbursed to the Underwriters as incurred. An indemnifying party shall not be obligated under any settlement agreement relating to
any action under this Section 6 to which it has not agreed in writing. In addition, no indemnifying party shall, without the prior written
consent of the indemnified party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, effect any settlement of any pending or
threatened proceeding unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party for all liability on claims that
are the subject matter of such proceeding and does not include a statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure
to act by or on behalf of an indemnified party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested
an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel pursuant to this Section 6(c), such indemnifying
party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more
than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed
such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

(d) Contribution;
Limitations on Liability; Non-Exclusive Remedy. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is unavailable or
insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to
the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in subsection
(a) or (b) above, (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and
the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted
by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but
also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions
that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net
proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions
received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged
omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters and the parties relevant intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (d) were to be determined by pro rata allocation
(even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account
of the equitable considerations referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d). The amount paid by an indemnified party as a
result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to in the first sentence of this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending against any action
or claim which is the subject of this subsection (d). Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), no Underwriter shall be required
to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter
with respect to the Securities purchased by it hereunder exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required
to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations in this subsection (d) to contribute are several in proportion to their respective
underwriting obligations and not joint. The remedies provided for in this Section 6 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or
remedies that might otherwise be available to any indemnified party at law or in equity.

(e) Information
Provided by the Underwriters. The Underwriters severally confirm and the Company acknowledges that the statements with
respect to the public offering of the Securities by the Underwriters set forth in the eighth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth paragraphs and
the selling concession in the second paragraph under the caption Underwriting in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package and
in the Prospectus are correct and constitute the only information concerning such Underwriters furnished in writing to the Company by
or on behalf of the Underwriters specifically for inclusion in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale
Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or any issuer free writing prospectus.

7. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties, and agreements of the Company herein or in certificates
delivered pursuant hereto, including but not limited to the agreements of the several Underwriters, the Company contained in Section 6
hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or
any controlling person thereof, or the Company or any of its officers, directors, or controlling persons, and shall survive delivery of,
and payment for, the Securities to and by the Underwriters hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

8. Substitution
of Underwriters.

(a) Obligation
to Purchase Under Certain Circumstances. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall fail to take up and pay for the amount
of Firm Shares agreed by such Underwriter or Underwriters to be purchased hereunder, upon tender of such Firm Shares in accordance with
the terms hereof, and the amount of Firm Shares not purchased does not aggregate more than 10% of the total amount of Firm Shares set
forth in Schedule I hereto, the remaining Underwriters shall be obligated to take up and pay for (in proportion to their respective underwriting
obligations hereunder as set forth in Schedule I hereto except as may otherwise be determined by you) the Firm Shares that the withdrawing
or defaulting Underwriters agreed but failed to purchase.

(b) Termination
Under Certain Circumstances. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall fail to take up and pay for the amount of Firm Shares
agreed by such Underwriter or Underwriters to be purchased hereunder, upon tender of such Firm Shares in accordance with the terms hereof,
and the amount of Firm Shares not purchased aggregates more than 10% of the total amount of Firm Shares set forth in Schedule I hereto,
and arrangements satisfactory to you for the purchase of such Firm Shares by other persons are not made within 36 hours thereafter, this
Agreement shall terminate. In the event of any such termination the Company shall not be under any liability to any Underwriter (except
to the extent provided in Section 4(a)(vii), Section 4(b)(i), Section 4(b)(ii) and Section 6 hereof) nor shall any Underwriter (other
than an Underwriter who shall have failed, otherwise than for some reason permitted under this Agreement, to purchase the amount of Firm
Shares agreed by such Underwriter to be purchased hereunder) be under any liability to the Company (except to the extent provided in Section
6 hereof).

(c) Postponement
of Closing. If Firm Shares to which a default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters or by any
other party or parties, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the First Closing Date for not more than seven
business days in order that the necessary changes in the Registration Statement, in the Time of Sale Disclosure Package, in the Prospectus
or in any other documents, as well as any other arrangements, may be effected. As used herein, the term Underwriter includes
any person substituted for an Underwriter under this Section 8.

(d) No
Relief from Liability. No action taken pursuant to this Section shall relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability,
if any, in respect of such default.

9. Termination
of this Agreement.

(a) Right
to Terminate. You, as Representative of the several Underwriters, shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving
notice as hereinafter specified at any time at or prior to the First Closing Date, and the option referred to in Section 3(b), if exercised,
may be cancelled at any time prior to the Second Closing Date, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior
to such Closing Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder, (ii) any other condition of the Underwriters
obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, (iii) trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or New York Stock Exchange shall have been wholly suspended,
(iv) minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required,
on the Nasdaq Stock Market or New York Stock Exchange, by such exchange or by order of the Commission or any other Governmental Authority,
(v) a banking moratorium shall have been declared by federal or state authorities, or (vi) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation
of hostilities or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis that, in your judgment, is material and adverse and makes
it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the sale of and payment for the Securities. Any such termination shall
be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4(g) and Section 6 hereof shall at all times
be effective.

(b) Notice
of Termination. If you elect to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section, the Company shall be notified promptly
by you by telephone, confirmed by letter.

10. Default
by the Company.

(a) Default
by the Company. If the Company shall fail at the First Closing Date to sell and deliver the number of Securities which
it is obligated to sell hereunder, then this Agreement shall terminate without any liability on the part of any Underwriter or, except
as provided in Section 4(a)(vii), Section 4(b)(i), Section 4(b)(ii) and Section 6 hereof, any non-defaulting party.

(b) No
Relief from Liability. No action taken pursuant to this Section shall relieve the Company from liability, if any, in respect
of such default.

11. Notices.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all communications hereunder shall be in writing and, if to the Underwriters, shall be mailed via
overnight delivery service or hand delivered via courier to the Representative at c/o Canaccord Genuity LLC, One Post Office Square, Suite
3000, Boston, MA 02109, Attention: General Counsel, with a copy to Duane Morris LLP, 1540 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 , Attention: James
T. Seery; if to the Company, shall be mailed or delivered to it at, 360 Madison Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10017, Attention: Lishan
Aklog, M.D. with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Graubard Miller, The Chrysler Building, 405 Lexington Avenue, 44th Floor,
New York, NY 10174, Attention: Eric T. Schwartz. Any party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the parties
to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.

12. Persons
Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns and the controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 6. Nothing in this
Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give to any other person, firm or corporation any legal or equitable remedy or claim under
or in respect of this Agreement or any provision herein contained. The term successors and assigns as herein used shall
not include any purchaser, as such purchaser, of any of the Securities from any of the several Underwriters.

13. Absence
of Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Representative has been retained solely to
act as underwriters in connection with the sale of the Securities and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Company
and the Representative has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether
the Representative has advised or are advising the Company on other matters; (b) the price and other terms of the Securities set forth
in this Agreement were established by the Company following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Representative and the Company
is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; (c) it has been advised that the Representative and its affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions which
may involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the Representative has no obligation to disclose such interest and
transactions to the Company by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; (d) it has been advised that the Representative
is acting, in respect of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, solely for the benefit of the Representative and the other Underwriters,
and not on behalf of the Company; (e) it, he or she waives to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the
Representative for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and agrees that the Representative shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect of such
a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including stockholders, employees or creditors of the Company.

14. Recognition
of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective
to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest
and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are
permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if
this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(c) As
used in this section:

BHC Act Affiliate has the
meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k);

Covered Entity means any
of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); Default
Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2
or 382.1, as applicable; and

U.S. Special Resolution Regime
means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

15. Governing
Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Agreement and any transaction contemplated by this Agreement and any claim, controversy
or dispute arising under or related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without
regard to principles of conflict of laws that would results in the application of any other law than the laws of the State of New York.
The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and each of the
Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

16. Submission
to Jurisdiction, Etc. Each party hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the U.S. federal and New York state courts
sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York, in any suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby. The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any lawsuit, action
or other proceeding in such courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such
court that any such lawsuit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

17. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and, if executed in more than one counterpart, the executed counterparts shall
each be deemed to be an original and all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be
delivered via facsimile or electronic mail (including, without limitation, pdf, tif or jpg)
and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

18. General
Provisions. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written
or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived
unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Section headings herein are for the convenience of
the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

Please sign and return to the Company the enclosed
duplicates of this Agreement whereupon this Agreement will become a binding agreement between the Company and the several Underwriters
in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours, 

LUCID DIAGNOSTICS INC. 

By /s/ Dennis M. McGrath 

Name: Dennis M. McGrath 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Acting individually and as Representative of the several Underwriters named in the attached Schedule I.

CANACCORD GENUITY LLC 

By: /s/ Jeffrey G. Barlow 

Name: Jeffrey G. Barlow 

Title: CEO, Canaccord Genuity U.S. 

Signature Page to Underwriting
Agreement

SCHEDULE I

Underwriter Number of Firm Shares (1) 

Canaccord Genuity LLC 10,375,000 

Maxim Group LLC 2,125,000 

Total 12,500,000 

(1) The Underwriters may purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 Option
Shares, to the extent the option described in Section 3(b) of the Agreement is exercised, in the proportions and in the manner described
in the Agreement.

SCHEDULE II

Certain Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

SCHEDULE III

Pricing Information

Firm Shares offered: 12,500,000

Offered Shares offered: 14,375,000

Public offering price per share: $1.20

SCHEDULE IV

Lock-Up Parties

SCHEDULE V

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

April 9, 2025

Canaccord Genuity LLC

1 Post Office Square

30th Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Re: Lucid Diagnostics Inc.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, a securityholder and/or officer and/or
a director of Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), understands that Canaccord Genuity LLC (Canaccord)
proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with the Company relating to the proposed
offering (the Offering) of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock).
The undersigned acknowledges that Canaccord is relying on the representations and agreements of the undersigned contained in this lock-up
agreement in conducting the Offering and, at a subsequent date, in entering into the Underwriting Agreement with the Company with respect
to the Offering.

In recognition of the benefit that the Offering will
confer upon the undersigned as a securityholder and/or officer and/or a director of the Company, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agrees that, during the period beginning on the date hereof
and ending on the date that is 45 days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), the undersigned
will not (and will cause any immediate family member not to), without the prior written consent of Canaccord, which may withhold its consent
in its sole discretion, directly or indirectly, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract to sell or lend, effect any short sale or establish
or increase a Put Equivalent Position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act)) or liquidate or decrease any Call Equivalent Position (as defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act), pledge, hypothecate
or grant any security interest in, or in any other way transfer or dispose of, any Common Stock or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for Common Stock, in each case whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect
to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities), (ii)
make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any of the Lock-Up Securities, or the filing of any registration
statement, prospectus or prospectus supplement (or an amendment or supplement thereto) in connection therewith, under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, the
economic consequence of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled by delivery of Common
Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iv) publicly announce the intention to do any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the
conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Lock-Up Securities pursuant to clauses (i) through (v) below without the prior written
consent of Canaccord, provided that (1) prior to any such transfer, Canaccord receives a signed lock-up agreement, substantially in the
form of this lock-up agreement, for the balance of the Lock-Up Period from each donee, trustee, distributee or transferee, as the case
may be, (2) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (3) in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) below, such transfers
are not required to be reported with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act, and (4) the undersigned does not otherwise
voluntarily effect any public filing or report regarding such transfers:

(i) as a bona fide gift or gifts; or

(ii) to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit
of the undersigned or the immediate family (defined below) of the undersigned; or

(iii) to any permitted transferee (defined below);
or

(iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic order or in
connection with a settlement related to the distribution of assets in connection with the dissolution of marriage or civil union; or

(v) by will or intestate succession to the legal representative,
heir, beneficiary or immediate family of the undersigned upon the death of the undersigned.

The undersigned further agrees that the foregoing
provisions shall be equally applicable to any Common Stock the undersigned may purchase or otherwise receive in the Offering.

Furthermore, notwithstanding the restrictions imposed
by this lock-up agreement, the undersigned may, without the prior written consent of Canaccord: (a) exercise an option to purchase shares
of Common Stock granted under any stock incentive plan of the Company, which plan is described in the prospectus supplement related to
the Offering, provided that the underlying shares of Common Stock shall continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth
in this lock-up agreement and if the undersigned is required to file a report under Section 16 of the Exchange Act reporting a reduction
in beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto
the nature and conditions of such exercise or transfer and no other filing or public announcement shall be made voluntarily during the
Lock-Up Period in connection with such exercise or transfer (it being understood that the Company may withhold shares issuable upon such
exercise, or the undersigned may transfer shares held by it to the Company, in satisfaction of the exercise price and tax withholding
obligations of the undersigned in connection with such exercise); (b) establish a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange
Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock, provided that, such plan does not provide for any transfers of Common Stock, and no filing
with the SEC or other public announcement shall be required or voluntarily made by the undersigned or any other person in connection therewith,
in each case during the Lock-Up Period; (c) transfer or dispose of shares of Common Stock purchased in the Offering or on the open market
following the Offering, provided that no filing under the Exchange Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of Common
Stock shall be required or voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period, other than Forms 5 and Schedule 13F; or (d) sell Lock-Up Securities
for tax withholding purposes in connection with the vesting of equity awards that are subject to a taxable event upon vesting of the Companys
securities, it being understood that all shares of Common Stock received upon such vesting or transfer will remain subject to the restrictions
of this lock-up agreement during the Lock-Up Period, and provided that if the undersigned is required to file a report under the Exchange
Act reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of the undersigneds Common Stock during the Lock-Up Period related to such disposition,
the undersigned shall include a statement in such report to the effect that the filing relates to the satisfaction of tax withholding
obligations of the undersigned in connection with such vesting event and no other filing or public announcement shall be made voluntarily
during the Lock-Up Period in connection with such vesting or transfer.

The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry
of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the Lock-Up Securities except
in compliance with the foregoing restrictions.

With respect to the Offering only, the undersigned
waives any registration rights relating to registration under the Securities Act of the offer and sale of any shares of Common Stock and/or
any options or warrants or other rights to acquire Common Stock or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into
Common Stock, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Common Stock, owned
either of record or beneficially by the undersigned, including any rights to receive notice of the Offering.

The undersigned confirms that the undersigned has
not, and has no knowledge that any immediate family member has, directly or indirectly, taken any action designed to or that might reasonably
be expected to cause or result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
of the Common Stock. The undersigned will not, and will cause any immediate family member not to take, directly or indirectly, any such
action.

As used herein, permitted transferee
shall mean (a) the members of the undersigneds immediate family (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, immediate family
shall mean the spouse, domestic partner, lineal descendant (including adopted and step-children) and his or her spouse, father, mother,
the siblings of such person and his or her spouse, or any other person with whom the undersigned has a relationship by blood, marriage
or adoption not more remote than first cousin), (b) if the undersigned is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other
entity, its partners, shareholders, members of, or owners of similar equity interests in the undersigned by way of distribution upon the
liquidation and dissolution of the undersigned or (c) any affiliate of the undersigned.

The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned
has full power, capacity and authority to enter into this lock-up agreement. This lock-up agreement is irrevocable and will be binding
on the undersigned and the successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns of the undersigned.

This lock-up agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

Whether or not the Offering actually occurs depends
on a number of factors, including market conditions.

This lock-up agreement shall
automatically terminate, and the undersigned shall be released from its obligations hereunder, upon the earliest to occur, if any, of
(i) the Company advising Canaccord in writing, prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, that it has determined not to proceed
with the Offering, (ii) the executed Underwriting Agreement being terminated prior to the closing of the Offering (other than the provisions
thereof that survive termination), and (iii) April 30, 2025, in the event that the Underwriting Agreement has not been executed by such
date.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

Name of Securityholder/Director/Officer (Print exact name)

By: 

Signature

If not signing in an individual capacity:

Name of Authorized Signatory (Print)

Title of Authorized Signatory (Print)

(indicate capacity of person signing if signing as custodian, trustee or on behalf of an entity)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

Facsimile Direct Dial

April
9, 2025

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc.

360
Madison Avenue, 25th Floor

New
York, New York 10017

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Lucid Diagnostics Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation
of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No 333-268560), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which was declared
effective on December 6, 2022 (Registration Statement), and the offering by the Company pursuant thereto (the Offering)
of an aggregate of up to 14,375,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (Common Stock), in an underwritten offering to the public, which includes 1,875,000 shares subject to an option
granted to the underwriters. The Company has entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
with Canaccord Genuity LLC, as representative of the underwriters (the Representative), for the offer and sale of
the Shares in the Offering. A preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Offering (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement)
was filed with the Commission on April 9, 2025, and the final prospectus supplement relating to the Offering (the Final Prospectus
Supplement) will be filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424 of the Securities Act. This opinion is being furnished
in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act.

In
rendering the opinion set forth below, we have reviewed (a) the Underwriting Agreement, (b) the Registration Statement, and the exhibits
thereto, the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement, and the form of Final Prospectus Supplement, (c) the Companys Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws, each as amended and restated to date; (d) certain records of the Companys corporate proceedings as reflected in its
minute books; and (e) such statutes, records, and other documents as we have deemed relevant. In our examination, we have assumed the
genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, and conformity with the originals of all
documents submitted to us as copies thereof. In addition, we have made such other examinations of law and fact as we have deemed relevant
in order to form a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed.

No
opinion is expressed herein other than as to the laws of the State of New York, the corporate law of the State of Delaware, and the federal
law of the United States of America.

Based
upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized and when sold and issued in accordance
with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement against payment therefor, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

We
hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being
filed on the date hereof, and incorporation by reference of this opinion into the Registration Statement. We also consent to the use
of our name as counsel to the Company and to all references made to us in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement. In
giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof and we disclaim any
undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable
law.

Very
truly yours,

/s/
Graubard Miller
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Lucid
Diagnostics Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

NEW
YORK, April 9, 2025 - Lucid Diagnostics Inc. (Nasdaq: LUCD) (Lucid or the Company), a commercial-stage,
cancer prevention medical diagnostics company, and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM), today announced its intention to offer shares
of common stock through an underwritten public offering. The Company also plans to grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
additional shares of common stock. Proceeds from the offering are expected to support working capital and general corporate purposes.
Completion of the offering remains subject to market conditions, with no assurance regarding its timing, size, or terms.

Canaccord
Genuity LLC is acting as the sole bookrunner of the offering and Maxim Group LLC is acting as co-manager of the offering.

The
offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268560) declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022. A prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, together with an accompanying base prospectus. The securities may be offered only by means of a written prospectus forming
a part of the effective registration statement. Copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the offering, together with the accompanying
base prospectus, may be obtained, when available, from the Securities and Exchange Commissions website at http://www.sec.gov,
or from Canaccord Genuity LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, One Post Office Square, Suite 3000, Boston, MA 02109, or by email at
prospectus@cgf.com.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the shares of common stock. Lucid will not,
and has been advised by the underwriters that they and their affiliates will not, sell any of the shares of common stock in any state
or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
Lucid Diagnostics

Lucid
Diagnostics Inc. is a commercial-stage, cancer prevention medical diagnostics company and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM). Lucid
is focused on the millions of patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), also known as chronic heartburn, who are at risk
of developing esophageal precancer and cancer. Lucids EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples
collected in a brief, noninvasive office procedure with its EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device, represent
the first and only commercially available tools designed with the goal of preventing cancer and cancer deaths through widespread, early
detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk patients.

For
more information about Lucid, please visit www.luciddx.com and for more information about its parent company PAVmed, please visit
www.pavmed.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are any statements
that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, which are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of Lucid Diagnostics
management, are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. Risks
and uncertainties that may cause such differences include, among other things, volatility in the price of Lucid Diagnostics common
stock; general economic and market conditions; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the cost and time required
to advance Lucid Diagnostics products to regulatory submission; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design
of and results from Lucid Diagnostics clinical and preclinical studies; whether and when Lucid Diagnostics products are
cleared by regulatory authorities; market acceptance of Lucid Diagnostics products once cleared and commercialized; Lucid Diagnostics
ability to raise additional funding as needed; and other competitive developments. These factors are difficult or impossible to predict
accurately and many of them are beyond Lucid Diagnostics control. In addition, new risks and uncertainties may arise from time
to time and are difficult to predict. For a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may
affect Lucid Diagnostics future operations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in Lucid Diagnostics most
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the same may be updated in Part II, Item 1A,
Risk Factors in any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by Lucid Diagnostics after its most recent Annual Report. Lucid
Diagnostics disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in
its expectations or in events, conditions, or circumstances on which those expectations may be based, or that may affect the likelihood
that actual results will differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements.

Investor and Media Contact:

Matt
RileyPAVmed and Lucid Diagnostics mjr@pavmed.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Lucid Diagnostics Announces Pricing of Public Offering
of Common Stock

NEW YORK, April 9, 2025 - Lucid Diagnostics
Inc. (Nasdaq: LUCD) (Lucid or the Company), a commercial-stage, cancer prevention medical diagnostics
company, and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM), today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 12,500,000
shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $1.20 per share. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and
commissions.

The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses, are expected to be approximately $15 million, excluding
any proceeds from the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The offering is expected to close on or about April
11, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

Canaccord Genuity LLC is acting as the sole bookrunner
of the offering and Maxim Group LLC is acting as co-manager of the offering.

The offering
is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268560) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission on December 6, 2022. A prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
together with an accompanying base prospectus. The securities may be offered only by means of a written prospectus forming a part of
the effective registration statement. Copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the offering, together with the accompanying base
prospectus, may be obtained, when available, from the Securities and Exchange Commissions website at http://www.sec.gov,
or from Canaccord Genuity LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, One Post Office Square,
Suite 3000, Boston, MA 02109, or by email at prospectus@cgf.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the shares of common stock. Lucid will not, and has been advised by the underwriters that
they and their affiliates will not, sell any of the shares of common stock in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation,
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Lucid Diagnostics

Lucid Diagnostics Inc. is a commercial-stage, cancer
prevention medical diagnostics company and subsidiary of PAVmed Inc. (Nasdaq: PAVM). Lucid is focused on the millions of patients with
gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), also known as chronic heartburn, who are at risk of developing esophageal precancer and cancer.
Lucids EsoGuard Esophageal DNA Test, performed on samples collected in a brief, noninvasive office procedure
with its EsoCheck Esophageal Cell Collection Device, represent the first and only commercially available tools
designed with the goal of preventing cancer and cancer deaths through widespread, early detection of esophageal precancer in at-risk
patients.

For more information about Lucid, please visit www.luciddx.com
and for more information about its parent company PAVmed, please visit www.pavmed.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements
that involve risk and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking
statements, which are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of Lucid Diagnostics management, are subject to risks and
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may cause
such differences include, among other things, volatility in the price of Lucid Diagnostics common stock; general economic and market
conditions; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the cost and time required to advance Lucid Diagnostics
products to regulatory submission; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from Lucid Diagnostics
clinical and preclinical studies; whether and when Lucid Diagnostics products are cleared by regulatory authorities; market acceptance
of Lucid Diagnostics products once cleared and commercialized; Lucid Diagnostics ability to raise additional funding as
needed; and other competitive developments. These factors are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of them are beyond
Lucid Diagnostics control. In addition, new risks and uncertainties may arise from time to time and are difficult to predict. For
a further list and description of these and other important risks and uncertainties that may affect Lucid Diagnostics future operations,
see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in Lucid Diagnostics most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, as the same may be updated in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed by Lucid Diagnostics after its most recent Annual Report. Lucid Diagnostics disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in its expectations or in events, conditions, or circumstances on which
those expectations may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements.

Investor and Media Contact:

Matt Riley

PAVmed and Lucid Diagnostics

mjr@pavmed.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lucd-20250409.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>lucd-20250409_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>lucd-20250409_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 09, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 09, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40901

Entity Registrant Name LUCID
DIAGNOSTICS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001799011

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-5488042

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 360
Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two 25th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code (917)

Local Phone Number 813-1828

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par Value
$0.001 Per Share

Trading Symbol LUCD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://luciddx.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
lucd-20250409.xsd 
lucd-20250409_lab.xml 
lucd-20250409_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003526-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001799011 

2025-04-09 
2025-04-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001799011 
8-K 
2025-04-09 
LUCID DIAGNOSTICS INC. 
DE 
001-40901 
82-5488042 
360 Madison Avenue 
25th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10017 
(917) 
813-1828 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share 
LUCD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>