<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003039.txt : 20250121
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003039.hdr.sgml : 20250121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250121161027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250116
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				861975394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42479
		FILM NUMBER:		25542605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 N. PINES WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			WILSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(307) 201-1903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3415 N. PINES WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			WILSON
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			83014
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000184641600018464162025-01-162025-01-160001846416HVIIU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember2025-01-162025-01-160001846416HVIIU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-162025-01-160001846416HVIIU:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetwelfth112OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember2025-01-162025-01-16iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 16, 2025

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman
Islands 6770 98-1813620

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Primary
Standard Industrial

Classification
Code Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (775)339-1671

Not
Applicable

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Units,
each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right HVIIU The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share HVII The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination HVIIR The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
January 21, 2025, Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), consummated
its initial public offering (the IPO) of 19.0 million units (the Units), which included 1.5
million Units sold pursuant to the partial exercise of the Underwriters (as defined below) over-allotment option. Each Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share (Class A ordinary share) and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class
A ordinary share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (Share Right). The Units
were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $190.0 million.

In
connection with the IPO, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Companys
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283087) related to the IPO (the Registration Statement), which
was declared effective by the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2025:

An
Underwriting Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, between the Company and Cohen & Company
Capital Markets, a Division of J.V.B Financial Group, LLC (Cohen), as
representative of the several underwriters named in Schedule A thereto (together with Cohen,
the Underwriters), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto
and incorporated by reference herein;

A
Share Rights Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, between Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company
(Odyssey), a Minnesota corporation, as Share Rights agent, a copy of
which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein;

A
Letter Agreement, dated January 16, 2025 (the Letter Agreement), by
and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Companys sponsor, HC VII
Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1
hereto and incorporated by reference herein;

An
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company
and Odyssey, as trustee, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated
by reference herein;

A
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 16, 2025 (the Registration Rights
Agreement), by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the Underwriters and certain
other securityholders of the Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto
and incorporated by reference herein;

An
Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and
the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated by reference
herein;

A
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025 (the Sponsor
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), by and between the Company and the
Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated by reference
herein;

A
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025 (the Underwriters
Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), by and among the Company and the
Underwriters, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated by reference
herein; and

Indemnity
Agreements, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company,
the form of which is attached as Exhibit 10.7 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

The
foregoing description is qualified in its entirely by reference to full text of the applicable agreement, each of which is incorporated
by reference herein.

Item
3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO on January 21, 2025, the Company completed the private placement and sale of an aggregate of 690,000 private
placement units (the Private Placement Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of $6.9 million. Of the 690,000 Private Placement Units, 500,000 Private Placement Units were purchased by the
Sponsor pursuant to the Sponsor Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and 190,000 Private Placement Units were purchased by the
Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriters Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Private Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The
Private Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that (i) the Private Placement Units (and the Class A ordinary
shares and Share Rights underlying the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the Share
Rights)) may not be transferred, assigned or sold, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth in the Letter Agreement and as described
in the Registration Statement, until 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial business combination, and (ii) the holders
of the Private Placement Units are entitled to certain registration rights in respect thereof (and with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares and Share Rights underlying such Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the Share
Rights).

Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Effective
January 16, 2025, in connection with the IPO, Grant R. Allen, Brian Bonner, Anna Brunelle, Javier Saade and Poonam Sharma (collectively
with Daniel J. Hennessy and Thomas D. Hennessy, the Directors) were appointed to the board of directors of the Company
(the Board). Effective January 16, 2025, each of Brian Bonner, Anna Brunelle and Poonam Sharma was also appointed
to the Boards Audit Committee, with Poonam Sharma serving as chair of the Audit Committee, and each of Grant R. Allen, Brian Bonner
and Javier Saade was also appointed to the Boards Compensation Committee, with Grant R. Allen serving as chair of the Compensation
Committee.

On
January 16, 2025, each Director and executive officer of the Company entered into the Letter Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement
and an Indemnity Agreement with the Company. The Indemnity Agreements require the Company to indemnify each Director and executive officer
of the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against
them as to which they could be indemnified. The foregoing descriptions of the Letter Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and
form of Indemnity Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Letter Agreement, the
Registration Rights Agreement and form of Indemnity Agreement, copies of which are attached as Exhibits 10.1, 10.3 and 10.7, respectively,
and are incorporated by reference herein.

In
December 2024, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 of the Companys Class B ordinary shares to each of Messrs. Allen, Bonner and Saade
and Ms. Brunelle and 30,000 of the Companys Class B ordinary shares to Ms. Sharma. The Company will reimburse the Directors for
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with fulfilling their roles as Directors.

Other
than the foregoing, none of the Directors is a party to any arrangement or understanding with any person pursuant to which he or she
was appointed as a director, nor is any Director party to any transaction required to be disclosed under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K
involving the Company.

Item
5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On
January 16, 2025, in connection with the IPO, the Company filed its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with
the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands, which became effective the same day. The terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association are set forth in the Registration Statement and are incorporated by reference herein. A copy of the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein.

Item
8.01. Other Events.

A
total of $190.0 million of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units (which amount includes the Underwriters
deferred underwriting discounts and commissions of up to $7.6 million) was deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United
States, with Odyssey acting as trustee (the Trust Account). Except with respect to interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes (other than excise taxes, if any) and to fund its working
capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of 5.0% of the interest earned, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released
from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (1) the completion of the Companys initial business combination; (2) the redemption
of any Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO (the public shares) properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to provide for the redemption of the Companys public shares in connection with the Companys
initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the IPO (the Completion Window) or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of all of the public shares
if the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within the Completion Window, subject to applicable law.

On
January 16, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On
January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

The
following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit
No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, between the Company and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a Division of J.V.B Financial Group, LLC, as representative of the Underwriters.

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.

4.1 Share Rights Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, between Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company and the Company.

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor.

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and Odyssey, as trustee.

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the Underwriters and certain other securityholders of the Company.

10.4 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.5 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor.

10.6 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 16, 2025, by and among the Company and the Underwriters.

10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company.

99.1 Press Release, dated January 16, 2025.

99.2 Press Release, dated January 21, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:
January 21, 2025

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

By: /s/
Nicholas Geeza

Name: Nicholas Geeza

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
1.1

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

between

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

and

COHEN
& COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS, A DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC,

as
Representative of the Underwriters

Dated:
January 16, 2025

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

New
York, New York

January
16, 2025

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets,

a
division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3
Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New
York, NY 10019

As
Representative of the Underwriters

named
on Schedule A hereto

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned, Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms
its agreement with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (the Representative)
and with the other underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (if any), for which the Representative is acting as representative
(the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively referred to herein as the Underwriters or, each
underwriter individually, an Underwriter, provided that, if only the Representative is listed on such Schedule
A, any references to Underwriters shall refer exclusively to the Representative) as follows:

1.
Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1
Firm Securities.

1.1.1
Purchase of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree
to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 17,500,000 units (the Firm Units) of the
Company, as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts
and commissions and the Deferred Underwriting Commission described in Section 1.3 below) of $9.40 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units
are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm
Unit consists of one (1) Class A ordinary share (Ordinary Share), $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the
Public Shares), and one (1) right (the Share Rights) to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Ordinary
Share upon consummation of a Business Combination (as defined below). The Ordinary Shares and Share Rights included in the Firm Units
will trade separately on the fifty-second (52nd) day following the date hereof (or if such date is not a Business Day (as defined in
Section 1.1.2), the following Business Day) unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding
the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and the Share Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately
until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on
Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Offering and the
Unit Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.4.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company
receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (as defined in Section 1.2.1) if such option is exercised prior to the
filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will
begin.

1.1.2
Payment and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st)
Business Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Units (as defined in Section 1.2.1), or at such earlier
time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, counsel to
the Underwriters (EGS), or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The
hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units are called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units
shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $175,000,000 of the proceeds received
by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of the Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.4.2) shall be deposited in the
trust account (the Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders (as defined
below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management
Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (Odyssey).
The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall include an aggregate of $7,000,000 ($0.40 per Firm Unit), up to which amount shall be
payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds
received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of the Placement Units (less commissions and actual expense payments or other
fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates
(in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of The Depository Trust
Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and
in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing
Date. If delivery is not made through the facilities of DTC, the Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm
Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver
any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. The Representative may, at its option,
delegate one of the other Underwriters (with such Underwriters consent) to take delivery of the Firm Units and the Option Units
and to make payment therefor as set forth above and below. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the
holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Sponsor (as defined
in Section 1.4.1) and any officer or director of the Company, to the extent, he, she or it acquires such Ordinary Shares in the
aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
that for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay
at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the
closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems
(including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

1.2
Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1
Option Units. The Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to
an additional 2,625,000 units (the Option Units), the net proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account,
solely for the purposes of covering any over-allotments, if any, in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such
Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several
Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A
hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units
and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and
the Share Rights included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable pursuant to the Share Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively
as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been,
or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time
to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to
the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1
hereof.

1.2.2
Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative
as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within forty-five (45) days after the effective date (Effective
Date) of the Registration Statement. The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior
to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice
to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 9.1 herein setting forth the number of
Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date),
which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as
shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile
or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the
Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment
Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

1.2.3
Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same
day) funds, payable as follows: $9.80 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery
to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through
the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The amount of the payments for the Option Units to be deposited in the
Trust Account will include $0.40 per Option Unit (up to $1,050,000), payable to the Representative, as Deferred Underwriting Commission,
in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations
and registered in such names as the Representative request in writing not less than two (2) full Business Days prior to the Closing Date
or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging
at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one (1) full Business Day prior to such
Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative
for applicable Option Units.

1.3
Deferred Underwriting Commission.

1.3.1
Deferred Underwriting Commission. The Representative agrees that (i) 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units
($7,000,000) and 4.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Option Units (up to $1,050,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred
Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account and up to which amount(s) shall be payable directly
from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Representative for their own account and the account of the Underwriters upon
the consummation of the initial Business Combination (such consummation, the Specified Event), subject, in each
case, to the reductions provided for in this Section 1.3.1. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the Trustee is required to
obtain a written instruction signed by the Company and acknowledged by the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held
in the Trust Account, including the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Commission from the Trust Account, prior to commencing any liquidation
of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more entities (the Business Combination), and such
provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative. In the
event that the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and Odyssey, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context,
the Trustee), commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Representative,
on behalf of itself and the Underwriters, agrees that (i) it shall forfeit any rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission,
including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission, together with all other amounts on deposit in
the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro rata basis among the Public Shareholders. The Representative shall have the right to
agree to any further modifications to the Deferred Underwriting Commission on behalf of the Underwriters and any decisions relating to
such modifications shall be made exclusively by the Representative on behalf of itself and the Underwriters. For the avoidance of doubt,
the obligations of each Underwriter under this Agreement shall be fully satisfied upon the payment of the purchase price for the Public
Securities purchased by such Underwriter on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, and the Underwriters shall be entitled to their
portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission without any further conditions except for those set forth above and below. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each Underwriter may at any time prior to the Specified Event and in its sole and absolute
discretion, by written notice to the Company, elect to forfeit any right or claim to its Deferred Underwriting Commission, in which case
the Company agrees to instruct the Trustee not to pay such Underwriter its Deferred Underwriting Commission upon the occurrence of a
Specified Event. For the avoidance of doubt, any such election by an Underwriter shall be without prejudice to any right or claim of
any other Underwriter to its respective portion of the Deferred Underwriting Commission or to any other right such Underwriter may have
under this Agreement. The Representative, on behalf of itself and the Underwriters, further agrees that the Deferred Underwriting Commission
will be based on, and paid out of, funds available in the Trust Account after payments made out of the Trust Account to honor redemption
rights of the Public Shareholders. The Representative, on behalf of itself and the Underwriters, further agrees that the Deferred Underwriting
Commission shall be decreased by $0.40 for every Ordinary Share for which a Public Shareholder exercises its redemption rights in connection
with or prior to the Specified Event.

1.4
Private Placements.

1.4.1
Founder Shares. On October 8, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares), $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company in a private placement exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), for a total subscription price of $25,000 to HC VII Sponsor
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (Sponsor). On January 10, 2025, the Company issued an additional 958,333
Founder Shares for no additional consideration to Sponsor. In December 2024, the Sponsor transferred 750,000 and 250,000 Founder Shares
to each of Thomas D. Hennessy, the Companys President and Chief Operating Officer, and Nicholas Geeza, the Companys Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, respectively, 25,000 Founder Shares to each of Grant Allen, Brian Bonner, Anna
Brunelle and Javier Saade, each a director nominee of the Company, and 30,000 Founder Shares to Poonam Sharma, a director nominee of
the Company (together with the Sponsor, the Initial Shareholders). No underwriting discounts, commissions or placement
fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement,
none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Initial Shareholders until the earlier of (A) one hundred and
eighty (180) days following the completion of the Business Combination and (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange its Ordinary
Shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with
respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination. The holders of the
Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not
exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up to 875,000 Founder Shares) such that the
Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise 25% of the issued and outstanding Public Shares after giving effect to the Offering and
exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option (excluding the Placement Securities as defined below).

1.4.2
Unit Private Placement. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor and the Underwriters will purchase from the Company,
pursuant to the Purchase Agreements (as defined in Section 2.21.3 hereof), an aggregate of 675,000 private placement units (the
Placement Units) (or up to 701,250 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), each Placement
Unit consisting of one (1) Ordinary Share (the Private Shares) and one (1) right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of
an Ordinary Share upon consummation of a Business Combination (the Private Rights), which Placement Units are substantially
identical to the Units included in the Firm Units, subject to certain exceptions, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement Unit, in
a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. Of the 675,000 Placement
Units (or up to 701,250 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full), the Sponsor will purchase 500,000 Placement
Units (whether or not the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full or at all) and the Underwriters will purchase 175,000 Placement
Units (or up to 201,250 Placement Units if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full). The Underwriters agree to purchase Placement
Units consistent with their pro rata allocation of the Offering. The private placement of the Placement Units to the Sponsor and Underwriters
is referred to herein as the Unit Private Placement. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units shall
be deposited into the Trust Account. None of the Placement Units, Private Shares or Private Rights (collectively, the Placement
Securities) may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor, the Underwriters or their permitted transferees until thirty
(30) days after consummation of a Business Combination. The Underwriters acknowledge and agree that the Placement Securities acquired
by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriters Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3) will be deemed compensation
by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore be subject to lock-up for a period of
one hundred and eighty (180) days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions,
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e). Accordingly, the Placement Securities acquired by the Underwriters pursuant to the Underwriters Purchase
Agreement may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for one hundred and
eighty (180) days beginning on the date of commencement of sales of the Offering, except to any FINRA member participating in the Offering
and the officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof, if all securities so transferred remain subject to the lock-up
restriction for the remainder of the time period.

1.4.3
No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Units sold in
the Unit Private Placement. The Placement Units are identical to the Units except that (i) none of the Placement Units will be transferable,
assignable or salable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of a Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (ii)
will be entitled to registration rights. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred
to collectively as the Securities.

1.5
Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement, it is intended that up to $2,400,000 (or $2,137,500
if the Over-allotment Option is exercised in full) of the proceeds from the Offering and the Unit Private Placement will be released
to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company. In the event that the Offering
expenses are less than $850,000, the amount of funds available outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements
of the Company would increase by a corresponding amount.

1.6
Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest
earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
to (i) pay any taxes, other than excise taxes, payable by the Company, (ii) fund the Companys working capital requirements, subject
to an annual limit of 5.0% of the interest earned on the Trust Account, and (iii) pay up to $100,000 for dissolution expenses, all as
more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1). Additionally, all permitted withdrawals can only be made
from interest and not from the principal held in the Trust Account.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1
Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1
Pursuant to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and an amendment or amendments thereto,
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283087), including any related preliminary prospectus (Preliminary Prospectus), including
any prospectus that is included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, for
the registration of the offer and sale of the Public Securities under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments
have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations)
of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General
Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended,
on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement becomes effective (including the prospectus, financial statements,
schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof
as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and
the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final
prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the
Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For
the purposes of this Agreement, Time of Sale, as used in the Act, means 5:45 p.m. New York City time, on the date
of this Agreement. Prior to the Time of Sale, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement
filed on January 15, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Time of
Sale, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus). Unless otherwise specified, any reference herein to the term Registration
Statement shall be deemed to include any Registration Statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional
securities (a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement). Other than a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and the Form
8-A registration statement referred to below in Section 2.1.2, which, if filed, becomes effective upon filing, no other document
with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission. The offer and sale of all Public Securities have been
registered under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission
on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determine that at the Time of Sale,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits a statement of material fact necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative
agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts,
then the Sale Preliminary Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry
into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2
Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42479)
providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the
Units, the Public Shares and the Share Rights. The registration of the Units, Public Shares and Share Rights under the Exchange Act has
been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Public Shares and the Share Rights have been registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3
No Stop Orders, Etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state
or other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration
Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the
Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2
Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1
10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus contained and will contain all material statements that are required to
be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements
of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto,
as of their respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not and will not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective
dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Sale Preliminary Prospectus, as of the Time
of Sale (or such subsequent Time of Sale pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether
filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule
424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary
Prospectus or the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected
in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and
the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the
following: the names of the Underwriters, the information with respect to dealers concessions and reallowances contained in the
section entitled Underwriting, the information with respect to short positions and stabilizing transactions contained in
the section entitled Underwriting and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal
Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

2.2.2
Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other
documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with
the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument
(however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected
and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto,
or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force
and effect and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties
thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming
reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or
default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions
of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses,
including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3
Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit
of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys
formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4
Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the
effects of federal, foreign, state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all
material respects and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3
Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1
No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change
in the condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered
into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors
(the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence
has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of
the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2
Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company
has not (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared
or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. To the Companys knowledge, WithumSmith+Brown, PC (Withum),
whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus,
and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys
knowledge, Withum is currently registered with the PCAOB. Withum has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as
such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5
Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1
Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the
Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations
and the cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout
the periods involved; and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting
schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or
the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet
transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses.
There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements that are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form S-1 that have not been included as required.

2.5.2
Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable
and accurate, and such data materially agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6
Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may
be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be,
there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any
security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants,
rights or convertible securities.

2.7
Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1
Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights
of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities
was issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating
thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers and sales and any transfers
of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities, exempt from such registration
requirements.

2.7.2
Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when
issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, and the Ordinary Shares will be fully paid and non-assessable;
the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities are
not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been
duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys
incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.7.3
Placement Securities.

2.7.3.1
The Placement Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Purchase
Agreements, will be validly issued; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such
holders; the Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and
sale of the Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken.

2.7.4
No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities
which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the Offering.

2.8
Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities
of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such
securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9
Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1),
the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.5),
the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.23) and the Purchase Agreements and (collectively with this Agreement, the Transaction
Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered, will constitute the valid
and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally;
(ii) with respect to this Agreement only, as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the
foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable
relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10
No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the
Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not
and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict
with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition
of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition,
covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement;
(ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as may be amended
from time to time, of the Company (the Charter Documents); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law,
rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company
or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11
No Defaults; Violations. No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition
of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing
an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be
bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject, except for any such default or violation that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 2.15). The Company is not (a) in violation of any term or provision of its
Charter Documents or (b) in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any
governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses, except
in the case of clause (b) above for any such violation that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

2.12
Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1
Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals,
orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date
hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign,
federal, state and local regulation on the Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in
all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted
no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation and in furtherance of the Offering or as otherwise
described in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable.

2.12.2
Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents
and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in
connection herewith and therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government
agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Securities and the consummation
of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Sale
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws, the rules of
The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.12.3
Jurisdiction and Designation. The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 9.7 of this Agreement has, to
the extent permitted by law, legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of any New York State or United
States Federal court sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

2.13
D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, all information contained in the questionnaires
(Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders as of the date hereof
(together with the Sponsor, the Insiders) and provided to the Representative and its counsel and the biographies
of the Insiders and other persons contained in the Registration Statement, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent
a biography is contained) is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which
would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14
Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or
governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the
Company or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any shareholder or member of an Insider that
has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
or the Questionnaires.

2.15
Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where
the failure to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects,
business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material
Adverse Effect).

2.16
No Contemplation of a Business Combination. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company has not selected any specific Business
Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly with any Target Business.

2.17
Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1
Finders Fees. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, there
are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a brokerage commission or finders,
consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements,
agreements or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect
the Underwriters compensation, as defined by FINRA.

2.17.2
Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i)
any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or
introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; or (ii) to the Companys knowledge, any participating
member, as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(15), (a Participating Member), with respect to the Offering, within
the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than any prior payments to the Representative in
connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly,
to any Participating Member within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom
securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement
has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating Member. Except with respect to the Representative in connection
with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement
or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission,
which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting compensation as defined in FINRA Rule 5110,
by any Participating Member.

2.17.3
FINRA Affiliation. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, to the Companys knowledge,
no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has
any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating Member (as defined in accordance with the rules and regulations
of FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial
owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

2.17.4
Share Ownership. Except as disclosed in the FINRA Questionnaires provided to the Representative, to the Companys knowledge,
no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any Participating Member (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5
Loans. To the Companys knowledge, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders)
of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any Participating Member in the Offering.

2.17.6
Proceeds of the Offering. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
no proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Units, will be paid to any
Participating Member, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7
Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no Participating Member in the Offering
has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a Participating
Member and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding
common equity or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.

2.18
Taxes.

2.18.1
There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision
of the United States, or under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2
The Company has filed all U.S. federal, state and local, and non-U.S., tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior
to the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes
shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against
it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable. In the case of each of the foregoing, except where the failure to file
or pay, as applicable, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial
statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for
all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

2.19
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the
Insiders or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or
similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee
or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic
or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position
to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject
the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding; (ii) if not given in the past,
might have had a Material Adverse Effect; or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations
of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause
the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2
Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping
and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering
Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations
or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws)
and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3
Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the
Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept
and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20
Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering
and delivered to the Representative or to EGS shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to
the matters covered thereby.

2.21
Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1
Insider Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability
of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii)
that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and
to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the
Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain
matters. The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representative.

2.21.2
Sponsor Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have executed and delivered a Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement,
the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Purchase Agreement), pursuant
to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the
Placement Units to be sold to the Sponsor as provided in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Insider Letter, the Sponsor
has waived any and all rights and claims it may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect
of the Placement Units. Certain proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Sponsor Purchase Agreement.

2.21.3
Underwriters Purchase Agreement. The Company and the Underwriters have executed and delivered a Private Placement Units Purchase
Agreement, the form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Underwriters Purchase Agreement,
and together with the Sponsor Purchase Agreement, the Purchase Agreements), pursuant to which the Underwriters will,
among other things, on the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price
for the Placement Units to be sold to the Underwriters as provided in the Underwriters Purchase Agreement. Certain proceeds from the
sale of the Placement Units will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
on the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, as provided for in the Underwriters Purchase Agreement.

2.21.4
Administrative Services. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into an agreement (Services Agreement)
substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which an affiliate of the Sponsor will make
available to the Company office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support for $15,000 per month, and the Company will
reimburse the Sponsor for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing a
Business Combination. Upon completion of the Business Combination, the Company will cease paying such monthly fees.

2.21.5
Registration Rights Agreement. The Company, the Sponsor and the Underwriters have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
(Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby
such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such
Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.6
Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $250,000 (the Insider Loans)
pursuant to a promissory note substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not
bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the earlier of March 31, 2025 and the consummation of the Offering.

2.22
Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the
Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.

2.23
Rights Agreement. The Company has entered into a share rights agreement with respect to the Share Rights, Private Rights and any
other rights that may be issued by the Company with the rights agent substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement (the Rights Agreement).

2.24
No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. To the Companys knowledge, no Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement
or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer
and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.25
Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of
the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than government securities (as defined in
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act.

2.26
Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and
the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus will not be required,
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.27
Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust or other business entity.

2.28
Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any
Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except
normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the
benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension
of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.29
No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the
intention of unlawfully influencing (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers
or suppliers level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish
favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.30
Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended (Sarbanes-Oxley), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar
rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.31
Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later
of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale
of the Units other than the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.32
The Nasdaq Global Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence
of satisfactory distribution, on the Nasdaq Global Market and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely
affect such authorization.

2.33
Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth
as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the board will comply with Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq that are, in each
case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements
under Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of Nasdaq, subject to the permitted phase-in requirements under
the rules of Nasdaq.

2.34
Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company,
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.35
No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive
officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys
outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405
under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the Time of Sale (each, a Company Covered Person and,
together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered
by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to
a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and
has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.36
Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would
constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 under the Act. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication
other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers
within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative
and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than
those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with
potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.37
No Fee Arrangements. As of the date hereof, the Company has not entered into any agreement, written or oral, pursuant to which
the Company will be obligated to pay any Insider or an affiliate of any Insider a consulting, finder or success fees for assisting the
Company in consummating a Business Combination.

3.
Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1
Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company
shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2
Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1
Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations
under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities
in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating
to the Securities is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel
for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to
comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section
3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2
Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with
the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3
Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registration of the Ordinary
Shares (and Share Rights prior to consummation of the Business Combination) under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection
with a going-private transaction) for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated
or is acquired, if earlier. The Company will not deregister the Ordinary Shares (and Share Rights prior to consummation of the Business
Combination) under the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going private transaction after the completion of a Business Combination)
without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4
Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation
and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR)
such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5
Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain
and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision of Sarbanes-Oxley and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with
jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3
Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute
an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
as defined in Rule 405 under the Act, without the prior consent of the Underwriters.

3.4
Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during
the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each of the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment
or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements,
including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference
and all manually executed consents of certified experts.

3.5
Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Registration Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing (i) of
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any
foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments
or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment
of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the
making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter
a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting
of such order.

3.6
Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1
Business Combinations. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated
with any Insider, the Company, or a committee of its independent directors, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial
point of view.

3.6.2
Compensation to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus,
the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered
to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

3.7
[Reserved.]

3.8
Reports to the Representative. For a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the
Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the
Representative and their counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time
to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters (i) a copy of each periodic
report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article
with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K or Schedules
13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company
with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any
future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall
sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative
and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed or furnished with the Commission
pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section 3.8.

3.9
Transfer Agent. For a period of five (5) years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent acceptable to the Representative. Odyssey is acceptable to the
Representative. Until the consummation of the Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be
liquidated, the Company shall retain a rights agent.

3.10
Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the
extent not paid at the Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement,
including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements; (ii) the preparation, printing, filing,
mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre- or post-effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of
this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied
to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters; (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background
checks of the Companys management team, up to a maximum of $3,000 per person; (iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance
and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Share Rights included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable
thereon; (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel of the Underwriters (such
legal fees not to exceed $15,000) in connection therewith and including, without limitation, fees associated with qualifying the Offering
under the Blue Sky laws of any states specified by the Representative; (vi) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing
the Securities on the Nasdaq Global Market or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine; (vii)
all fees and disbursements of the transfer and rights agent; (viii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence
and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including
without limitation, trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses
associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management; and (ix) all other documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses
customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided
for in this Section 3.10, provided that the expenses paid on behalf of or reimbursed to the Underwriters shall not exceed $50,000
in the aggregate. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the
Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above (which shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company and the Representative
prior to the Closing Date) to be paid by the Company to the Representative and others.

3.11
Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and the Unit Private Placement received
by it in a manner consistent in all material respects with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds
in the Prospectus.

3.12
Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon
as practicable an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required
by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period
of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date.

3.13
Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1
Notice to the Representative. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity
(regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business
or to provide any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representative prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services, and (ii) justification
as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect
to the Offering, as such term is defined in FINRA Rule 5110. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such
arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the
Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.13.2
FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an
affiliate or associated person of a Participating Member.

3.13.3
Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer,
or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.14
Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or shareholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken, and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors or shareholders to not take,
directly or indirectly, any action without the consent of the Representative that is designed to or that has constituted or that might
reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any
security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.15
Existing Lock-Up Agreement. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to enforce all existing agreements between the Company
and any of its security holders that prohibit the sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or hypothecation of any of the Securities in connection
with the Offering. In addition, the Company will direct the Companys transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions upon any
such Securities of the Company that are bound by such existing lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated
in such agreements.

3.16
Payment of Deferred Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the occurrence of the Specified Event, the Company agrees
that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Underwriters, in accordance
with Section 1.3. The Underwriters shall have no claim to (a) any funds in the Trust Account reserved by the Company and the Trustee
for honoring redemption rights of the Public Shareholders or (b) any payment of any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds held
in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.17
Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances
that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets,
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences.

3.18
Accounting Firm. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier
time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain Withum or another independent registered public accounting
firm.

3.19
Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit
the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by
the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the
Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial
Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date and to the extent
not reflected in the Current Report on Form 8-K referenced in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall file with the Commission
a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such
option.

3.20
Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been effected, except where the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.

3.21
Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as
provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will conduct its business in a manner so that it will
not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged
in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22
Amendments to Charter Documents. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination, it will not
seek to amend or modify its Charter Documents, except in accordance with the procedures set forth therein.

3.23
Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity relating to the Offering
or which includes the name of any Underwriter, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld),
for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited
from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter
therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.24
Insurance. Until the earlier of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination or until such earlier time
upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including,
without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with the
Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable
foreign securities laws).

3.25
Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense,
promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be
used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a
form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in
an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and
purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the
Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent
that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced
in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate;
and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow
recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients
(other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.26
Unit Private Placement Proceeds. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have caused the applicable proceeds from the
Unit Private Placement to be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreements.

3.27
Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public
or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly
waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28
Amendments to Certain Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Insider Letter and the Trust Agreement
without the prior written consent of the Representative, which such consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld
by the Representative. The Trust Agreement shall provide that the Trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction signed by
both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account, prior
to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination, and
such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.29
Maintenance of Listing on Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.30
Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities
which are issuable (i) pursuant to the Share Rights and the Placement Securities (as well as any other rights that may be issued and
covered by the Rights Agreement) and (ii) upon conversion of the Founder Shares.

3.31
Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any
Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification
Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.32
Reserved.

3.33
Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents. If any Underwriter that performs any marketing, capital markets advisory
or securities placement activities in connection with a Business Combination at the request of the Company pursuant to a separate agreement
between such Underwriter and the Company (such Underwriter, a Business Combination Advisor) may be deemed, in its
sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any securities issued pursuant to any registration statement or tender offer document filed with
the Commission in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination by the Company, a Target Business or any direct or indirect
parent or subsidiary of any of them (any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant, and any such securities, the Business
Combination Securities), the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide or cause to be provided to such
Business Combination Advisor information and access to all persons, properties and documents to the extent necessary for such Business
Combination Advisor to complete a due diligence investigation sufficient (in the view of such Business Combination Advisor in its sole
discretion) to provide such Business Combination Advisor with a reasonable due diligence defense in respect of any claims
that could be brought against an underwriter of the applicable Business Combination Securities under federal and state securities laws,
rules and regulations, including, without limitation, Section 11 of the Act. As used herein, the term reasonable due diligence
means a reasonable investigation that provides the investigating person a reasonable ground to believe that at the time of the applicable
offer, issuance or distribution of any Business Combination Securities, no registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy
statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including, without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any
of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, or any other marketing document used by any Registrant, filed
with or furnished by the Company to the Commission in connection with the Business Combination but excluding any filing under Rule 425
of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act (each, a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document), in
each case relating to such offer, issuance or distribution, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Company agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide to such Business Combination Advisor notice
of each filing under Rule 425 of the Act or Rule 14a-12 of the Exchange Act and each other form of public communication about the Business
Combination reasonably in advance of such filing or public communication. The Company further covenants that it will use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that any projections provided to such Business Combination Advisor by any Registrant or prepared by any Registrant
or any representative of such Registrant (a Registrant Representative) and contained in any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document, in each case, at the time they were prepared, will have been prepared in good faith and will be based
upon assumptions which, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, are reasonable.

3.34
Obligations in Connection with Business Combination. If requested in writing by a Business Combination Advisor, if it may be deemed,
in its sole judgment, to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, the following shall apply:

3.34.1
Prior to entering into any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination (or amendment thereto) and until such time as
such Business Combination is consummated:

(a)
The Company agrees to notify such Business Combination Advisor with respect to, and to permit such Business Combination Advisor, at its
request, to participate in, all diligence sessions with any Registrant or any Registrant Representative and all drafting sessions in
respect of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document.

(b)
The Company shall provide drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to such Business Combination Advisor and
its legal counsel reasonably in advance of the filing by the Company (or, if such filing is to be made by a Registrant other than the
Company, any filing which is required to be approved by the Company) of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document with
the Commission or the circulation by any Registrant of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor,
sufficient to allow such Business Combination Advisor and its legal counsel to request changes determined by them to be reasonably necessary
to such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the filing
with or furnishing to the Commission of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document without the consent of such Business
Combination Advisor, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.34.2
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, the Company agrees that such Business Combination Advisor shall have the right,
in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.33, (i) to retain counsel and other consultants and experts as
it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with its reasonable due diligence under Section 3.34.1 (it being understood that
the retention of any such consultant or expert or other advisor, other than outside legal counsel, will be made with the prior written
approval of the Company, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); (ii) to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that each counsel to the Company and to any other Registrant provides customary legal opinions and negative assurance
letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities Disclosure
Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to such Business Combination Advisor, (iii) to use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that each accounting firm or firms that
were retained by the Company or by any other Registrant and that have audited any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination
Securities Disclosure Document provide customary comfort letters to such Business Combination Advisor dated as of (x) the
date of effectiveness of the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document, and (y) the date of the shareholder vote to approve
the Business Combination; and (iv) to take and shall use its reasonable best efforts to take any other actions reasonably requested by
such Business Combination Advisor.

3.34.3
In connection with the Business Combination, to the extent the Company retains an unaffiliated party (the Fairness Opinion
Provider) to prepare a report and provide an opinion (the Fairness Opinion) concerning the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the Business Combination to the Company and its unaffiliated shareholders, the Company shall, pursuant
to, and in accordance with, applicable law, disclose in reasonable detail in a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document the
results of that report and, as necessary or appropriate, a copy of that report. Each Registrant shall provide the Fairness Opinion Provider
with all information and access to persons and documents that the Fairness Opinion Provider deems reasonably necessary and appropriate
in connection with the preparation of its Fairness Opinion.

3.34.4
Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall include in the definitive agreement for the Business Combination
(i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the
Companys obligations hereunder and (ii) that such Business Combination Advisor may rely on the representations and warranties
contained therein as if it were a party thereto. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that each Target
Business in the Business Combination agrees to deliver to such Business Combination Advisor a certificate of an officer of such Target
Business stating that to such officers knowledge the representations and warranties made by the Target Business in the definitive
agreement for the Business Combination are true and correct as of the date of such certificate, subject to (i) a customary materiality
standard, (ii) any applicable carve-out with reference to disclosure included in the Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document
and (iii) required adjustments for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date. In addition, in connection with
the Business Combination, the Company will, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply in all material
respects with (i) the obligations and covenants of the Company which relate to the period following the consummation of the Business
Combination set forth in Sections 3 and 5 of this Agreement and (ii) all laws, rules and regulations applicable either to the Registrant
and its business activities or to the Business Combination, as such laws, rules and regulations may be in effect at the time of the consummation
of the Business Combination.

3.34.5
Nothing herein shall be deemed to require the Underwriters to limit their rights to compensation or to reimbursement of expenses without
their express agreement or otherwise to assume any liability other than as may be expressly required under the Act.

3.34.6
The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.34 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take
any action, including by serving as a Business Combination Advisor, or to refrain from taking any action, in connection with the Business
Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself, in its sole discretion.

4.
Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided
herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as
of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant
to the provisions hereof and to the performance in all material respects by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following
conditions:

4.1
Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1
Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 4:00 p.m., New
York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and,
at each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall
have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission
and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Representative and EGS.

4.1.2
FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received a letter of no objections from FINRA as to the terms
and arrangement and amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3
No Blue Sky Stop Orders. No order suspending the sale of the Units in any jurisdiction designated by the Underwriters pursuant
to Section 3.5 hereof shall have been issued on each of the Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, and no proceedings for that
purpose shall have been instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, shall be contemplated.

4.1.4
No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened
to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted
or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.5
Approval of Listing on Nasdaq. The Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, subject to official
notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2
Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1
Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsels. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of Sidley Austin LLP and Appleby (Cayman) Ltd., dated the
Closing Date or each Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters,
and in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. On the Closing Date and each Option Closing
Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative assurance statement of EGS, dated the Closing Date, addressed
to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters.

4.2.2
Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates
or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents
respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall
be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested.

4.3
Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative
shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representatives for the several Underwriters and in form and substance
satisfactory in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3
below) to the Representative, from Withum dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option
Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1
Confirming that they are an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and
the applicable Regulations and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration
Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as
such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2
Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus
and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published
Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3
Stating that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of
the Company (with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest
available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with
officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries,
nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included
in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with
the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on
a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus; or (b) at a date not later than five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, Closing
Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease
in the shareholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the most recent balance sheet included in the Registration
Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease; and (c)
during the period from the most recent balance sheet included in the Registration Statement to a specified date not later than five (5)
days prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or any Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any decrease in revenues, net
earnings or net earnings per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the corresponding period in the preceding year and as compared
with the corresponding period in the preceding quarter, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease;

4.3.4
Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other
financial information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting
records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results
obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an
examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.5
Stating that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable
condition related to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication
of Internal Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.6
Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or EGS may reasonably request,
including (i) that Withum is registered with the PCAOB; (ii) that Withum has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any liability
incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that Withum is not insolvent.

4.4
Officers Certificates.

4.4.1
Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary
of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option
Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed in all material respects all covenants and
complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing
Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied
as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the
Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other and
further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2
Secretarys Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have
received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, or any similar or equivalent officer
of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter
Documents are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys
Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified;
(iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; (iv) as to the
accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and Nasdaq; and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers
of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5
No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no
material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business
activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the
Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an
unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of
the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the
Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened
by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements
thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations
and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement,
the Sale Preliminary Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6
Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction
Documents.

4.7
Unit Private Placement. On the Closing Date, the Unit Private Placement shall have been completed in accordance with Section
3.26.

4.8
Good Standing. The Representative shall have received on and as of (i) the Effective Date, and (ii) the Closing Date or the Option
Closing Date, as the case may be, satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of organization in writing
or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdiction.

4.9
Trust Waiver. On and as of the Effective Date, the Company shall have received waivers from all vendors and service providers
to all claims on amounts in the Trust Account which are to be distributed to the Companys shareholders in accordance with the
terms of the Trust Agreement, except for (i) Withum and (ii) the Representative with respect to the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

5.
Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1
Indemnification.

5.1.1
Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their
respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any
affiliate within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person)
as follows:

a.
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, arising out of or
based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment
thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any Preliminary
Prospectus, Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus or, in the event a Business Combination
Advisor, in its sole judgment, may be deemed to be an underwriter of any Business Combination Securities, any Business Combination Securities
Disclosure Document (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

b.
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred, joint or several, to the extent of
the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced
or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission;
provided that (subject to Section 5.1.4) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent
shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld;

c.
against any and all claims, actions, suits, proceedings, damages, liabilities and expenses reasonably incurred by any of them (including
the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, that are related to or arise out of any business combination marketing or
capital markets advisory activities by any Underwriter on the Companys behalf in connection with a Business Combination, provided
that the Company will not, however, be responsible to an Indemnified Person for any portion of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding,
damage, liability or expense that is finally judicially determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal)
to have resulted primarily and directly from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person seeking
such indemnification; and

d.
against any and all expense whatsoever (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), as reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing
or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any
claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a
party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a), (b) or (c) above;

provided,
however, that the foregoing agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any
untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters
Information (and, in connection with any Business Combination, similar information provided by or on behalf of the Business Combination
Advisors expressly for use in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document).

5.1.2
Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and
hold harmless the Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any,
who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue
statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the
Sale Preliminary Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing),
in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.3
Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section
5.1 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be
made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement
of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying
party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability
that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that,
such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against
any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate
in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement
of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the
action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified
party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses
except as provided below and except for the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the
indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action,
but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of
counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded
(based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or
in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to
the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the
right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party), or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed
counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable
time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges
of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall
not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements
and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all
such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly
as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without
its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or
consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by
this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes
an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party,
from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an
admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

5.1.4
Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse
the indemnified party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement
of the nature contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more
than forty-five (45) days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have
received notice of the terms of such settlement at least thirty (30) days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such
indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

5.2
Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for
in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable
or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities,
expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid
in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion
as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand.
The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same
proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear
to the total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of the Units on behalf of the Company.
If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution
shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but
also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omissions
that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the
untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions
pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take
into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss,
claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include,
for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with
investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, each Underwriter shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Act, any affiliates
of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates,
will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed
the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any
party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which
a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may
be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation
it or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced
the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the
last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its
written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

6.
Default by an Underwriter.

6.1
Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase
the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of
the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall
be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2
Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than
10% of the Firm Units, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties satisfactory to the
Company to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after
such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then
the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory
to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange
for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated
by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5,
and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall
relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned
by its default hereunder.

6.3
Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever
changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents
and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been
a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7.
Additional Covenants.

7.1
Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that, until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue
any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities
of the Company that participate in any manner in the Trust Account or that vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2
Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing
its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or prior to obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target
Business and/or vendor, as applicable, acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other
similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that: (a) it has
read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $175,000,000 (without
giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion
of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the
Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Public Shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii)
to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter
Documents to modify the substance and timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does
not complete its initial Business Combination within the completion window, (iii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to
consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Documents, or (iv) to the Company after or concurrently
with the consummation of a Business Combination; and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target
Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case
may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.
The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and
the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

7.3
Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter
and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which
consent shall not be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or withheld by the Representative.

7.4
Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject
to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as
defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.5
Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel
(if so instructed by the Representative) with ten (10) copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material
filed with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed
with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section
7.5. In addition, the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information
as may be requested by such state.

7.6
Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company
at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7
Target Net Assets. The Company agrees that, so long as the Company is listed on a national securities exchange, the Target Business
that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive
agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commission).
The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted
by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the
Company is not able to independently determine that the Target Business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys
Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

7.8
Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or
the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the
indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any controlling person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the
issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations
and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations,
warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

7.9
Charter Documents. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action that would cause the Company to be in breach
or violation of any of its Charter Documents.

8.
Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1
Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective by the Commission.

8.2
Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date by notice
given to the Company, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives
opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New
York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NYSE American, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, The Nasdaq Global Market, or The
Nasdaq Capital Market or quotation on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed,
or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required
by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have
become involved in a new war or a significant increase in existing major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared
by a New York State or Federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely
impacts the United States securities market; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane,
earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter or natural
disaster) or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives opinion, make
it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations,
warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse
change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation,
as a result of terrorist activities or any other calamity (including, without limitation, a calamity relating to a public health matter
or natural disaster) or crisis either within or outside the United States after the date hereof, or a significant increase in any of
the foregoing, as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery
of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3
Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason other than solely because of the termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6 hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms
herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be
governed by Section 3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

8.4
Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any
way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

9.
Miscellaneous.

9.1
Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed,
delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile or electronic transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt)
and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so emailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If
to the Representative:

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets,

a
division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3
Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New
York, New York 10019

Attn:
General Counsel

Email:
gc@cohenandcompany.com

Copy
(which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor

New
York, New York 10105

Attn:
Stuart Neuhauser, Esq.

Email:
sneuhauser@egsllp.com

If
to the Company:

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

Attention:
Daniel J. Hennessy

Email:
dhennessy@hennessycapitalgroup.com

Copy
(which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Sidley
Austin LLP

787
Seventh Avenue

New
York, New York 10019

Attn:
Michael P. Heinz

Email:
mheinz@sidley.com

9.2
Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or
affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3
Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4
Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection
with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and
supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters,
the Company and the controlling persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5
hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The
term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the
Underwriters.

9.6
Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any
time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction,
attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect
to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity
(whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent
permitted by law.

9.7
Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Sale Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering
of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim
that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons
to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed
personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the
Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction
with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any
competent court. The Company agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees
and expenses relating to any action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the
prevailing party in such action or proceeding. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

9.8
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

9.9
Execution in Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute
one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and
delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile, electronic mail (including
pdf or any electronic signature complying with U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable
law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and valid and
effective for all purposes.

9.10
Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed
or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or
the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by
the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.11
No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement
is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters; (ii)
in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the
agent or fiduciary of the Company; (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company
with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised
or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth
in this Agreement; (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company,
its management, shareholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have
undertaken in furtherance of the Offering, either before or after the date hereof; and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and
financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations
to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions,
and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters
have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such
transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own
independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company
regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys
securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary
or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

9.12.
Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as defined below)
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime (as defined below), the transfer from such Underwriter of this
Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be
effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws
of the United States or a state of the United States.

In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate (as defined below) of such Underwriter becomes subject
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights (as defined below) under this Agreement that may be exercised
against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For
purposes of this Agreement, (a) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in,
and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (b) Covered Entity means any of the following:
(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a
covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered
FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); (c) Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1,
as applicable; and (d) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank]

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Representative and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman 

Accepted
on the date first above written.

COHEN
& COMPANY CAPITAL MARKETS,

A
DIVISION OF J.V.B. FINANCIAL GROUP, LLC, as a

Representative
of the several Underwriters

By: /s/
Jerry Serowik 

Name: Jerry
Serowik 

Title: Senior
Managing Director 

[Signature
Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE
A

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

17,500,000
Units

Underwriters Number of

Firm Units

to be Purchased 

Cohen & Company Capital Markets 12,250,000 

Clear Street LLC 2,625,000 

Loop Capital Markets LLC 2,625,000 

Total 17,500,000 

SCHEDULE
B

None.

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Opinion of Sidley Austin LLP

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Opinion of Appleby (Cayman) Ltd.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED
AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

BY
WAY OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION

DATED
13 January, 2025 EFFECTIVE 16

January,
2025

OF

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

1

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED
AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

BY
WAY OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION 

DATED
13 January, 2025, EFFECTIVE 16 January, 2025

OF

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

1. The
name of the Company is Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII.

2. The
registered office of the Company will be situated at the offices of Appleby Global Services
(Cayman) Limited, 71 Fort Street, PO Box 500, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, KY1-1106 or at
such other place in the Cayman Islands as the Directors may from time to time decide.

3. The
objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have
full power and authority to carry out any object that is not prohibited by the laws of the
Cayman Islands.

4. The
liability of each Member is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on such Members
shares.

5. The
share capital of the Company is US$22,100.00 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001
each and 1,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each.

6. The
Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands.

7. Capitalised
terms that are not defined in this Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of
the Company.

2

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES

AMENDED
AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

BY
WAY OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION 

DATED
13 January, 2025, EFFECTIVE 16 January, 2025

OF

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

1. INTERPRETATION

1.1 In
these Articles, Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there
is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate:
means, with respect to a Person, any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled
by, or is under common Control with, such Person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include such Persons spouse,
parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption
or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, or a corporation, a company, a partnership
or other entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a corporation, a company,
a partnership or other entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under
common Control with, such entity. The term Affiliated has meaning correlative to the foregoing;

Applicable
Law: means, with respect to any Person, all applicable provisions of all constitutions, treaties, statutes, laws (including the common
law), codes, rules, regulations, ordinances or orders of any Governmental Authority, and any orders, decisions, injunctions, judgments,
awards and decrees of or agreements with any Governmental Authority;

Articles:
means these amended and restated articles of association of the Company;

Audit
Committee: means the audit committee of the board of Directors of the Company formed pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee;

Auditor:
means the Person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any);

Business
Combination: means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving
the Company, with one or more businesses or assets (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of
the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses or assets with a fair market value
equal to at least 80 per cent of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital
purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of signing the definitive
agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated solely with another blank cheque company or a similar
company with nominal operations;

3

business
day: means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are
authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City;

Clearing
House: means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are
listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction;

Class
A Share: means a Class A ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class
B Share: means a Class B ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Class
B Share Conversion: means the conversion of Class B Shares in accordance with Article 17;

Company:
means the above named company;

Companys
Website: means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any);

Compensation
Committee: means the compensation committee of the board of Directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any
successor committee;

Control:
means with respect to a Person, the power or authority, whether exercised or not, to direct the business, management and policies of
such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided that such
power or authority shall conclusively be presumed to exist upon possession of beneficial ownership or power to direct the vote of more
than fifty per cent (50%) of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting of the members or shareholders of such Person or power to control
the composition of a majority of the board of directors of such Person. The terms Controlled and Controlling have meanings correlative
to the foregoing;

Designated
Stock Exchange: means any national securities exchange or automated system on which the Companys securities are listed for
trading, including The Nasdaq Global Market;

Directors:
means the directors for the time being of the Company;

Dividend:
means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles;

Electronic
Communication: means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission
to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic
delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors;

Electronic
Record: has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act;

Electronic
Transactions Act: means the Electronic Transactions Act (2003 Revision) of the Cayman Islands;

Equity-linked
Securities: means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Shares issued in a
financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt;

4

Founders:
means the Sponsor and all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO;

Governmental
Authority: means any nation or government or any province or state or any other political subdivision thereof, or any entity, authority
or body exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including
any court, tribunal, government authority, agency, department, board, commission or instrumentality or any political subdivision thereof,
any court, tribunal or arbitrator, and any self-regulatory organization;

Indemnified
Person: has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 48.1;

Independent
Director: has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or the US Exchange Act, as the
case may be;

Initial
Conversion Ratio: has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 17.1;

IPO:
means the Companys initial public offering of securities;

IPO
Redemption: has the meaning given to it in Article 53.4;

Management:
has the meaning given to it in Article 54.1;

Member:
has the same meaning as in the Statute;

Memorandum:
means the amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company;

Officer:
means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company;

Ordinary
Resolution: means a resolution:

(a) passed
by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken
regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Member is
entitled; or

(b) approved
in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in
one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Members;

Ordinary
Shares: means together the Class A Shares and Class B Shares;

Over-Allotment
Option: means the option of the Underwriter to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the units issued in the IPO;

Person:
means any individual, corporation, company, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, exempted limited partnership,
proprietorship, association, joint venture, institution, public benefit corporation, exempted company, firm, trust, estate or other enterprise
or entity (whether or not having a separate legal personality) or Governmental Authority or any of them as the context so requires, other
than in respect of a Director or Officer of the Company in which circumstances Person shall mean any individual or entity permitted to
act as such in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands;

Preference
Share: means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company;

Public
Share: means a Class A Share issued as part of the units issued in the IPO;

Redemption
Notice: means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to
redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein;

5

Redemption
Price: has the meaning given to it in Article 53.4;

Register
of Members: means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated)
any branch or duplicate register of Members;

Registered
Office: means the registered office for the time being of the Company; 

Representative:
means a representative of the Underwriter;

Seal:
means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal;

SEC:
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

Share:
means a Class A Share, a Class B Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company;

Share
Premium Account: means the share premium account established in accordance with the Articles and the Statute;

Special
Resolution: subject to Article 30.4 and Article 50.4, has the same meaning in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution;

Sponsor:
HC VII Sponsor LLC;

Statute:
means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands;

Treasury
Share: means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute;

Trust
Account: means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the
net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of the private placement of the private placement units simultaneously
with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited;

Underwriter:
means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter; and

US
Exchange Act: means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules
and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

1.2 In
these Articles:

(a) words
importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) words
importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words
importing persons include corporations and any other legal or natural persons;

(d) written
and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible
form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall
shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references
to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any
phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in
particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall
not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

6

(h) the
term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or.
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies
the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or
shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted
to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings
are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) any
requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic
Record;

(k) any
requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the
Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in
the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) sections
8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the
term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding
the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is
given or on which it is to take effect;

(n) the
term holder in relation to a Share means a Person whose name is entered in
the Register of Members as the holder of such Share;

(o) reference
to any determination by the Directors shall be construed as a determination by the Directors
in their sole and absolute discretion and shall be applicable either generally or in any
particular case; and

(p) reference
to a dollar or dollars or USD or US$ or $ and to a cent or cents is reference to dollars
and cents of the United States of America.

2. COMMENCEMENT
OF BUSINESS

2.1 The
business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the
Directors shall see fit.

2.2 The
Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred
in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3. ISSUE
OF SHARES AND OTHER SECURITIES

3.1 Subject
to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the
Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the
Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including
fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions,
whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of capital or otherwise
and to such Persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think proper, and may
also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights, save that the Directors
shall not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of Shares (including fractions
of a Share) to the extent that it may affect the ability of the Company to carry out a Class
B Share Conversion set out in the Articles.

3.2 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors
may from time to time determine and for such purposes the Directors may reserve an appropriate
number of Shares for the time being unissued.

7

3.3 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or
fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors
may from time to time determine and for such purposes the Directors may reserve an appropriate
number of Shares for the time being unissued. The securities comprising any such units which
are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd
day following the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO (or, if such date is not a business
day, the following business day) unless the Representative(s) determines that an earlier
date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K with
the SEC and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such
date, the units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded
separately from one another.

3.4 The
Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4. REGISTER
OF MEMBERS

4.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with
the Statute.

4.2 The
Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members
in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members
shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or
registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5. CLOSING
OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE

5.1 For
the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members
or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other
distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors
may, by any means in accordance with the requirements of the Designated Stock Exchange, the
SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide
that the Register of Members shall be closed for transfers for a stated period which shall
not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In
lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance
or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice
of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose
of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If
the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination
of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled
to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting
is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend
or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination
of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has
been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6. CERTIFICATES
FOR SHARES

6.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share
certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in
such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more
Directors or other Person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates
to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates
for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the
Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall
be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former
certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled.

8

6.2 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by
more than one Person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient
delivery to all of them.

6.3 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred
by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case
of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every
share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member
or other Person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any
share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 Share
certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute,
if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law may from
time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment or, except in the case
of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled to refuse to register
and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the Company.

7. TRANSFER
OF SHARES

7.1 Subject
to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options
or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot be transferred without
the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such Share without
evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant.

7.2 The
instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in
a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC
and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law or in any
other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor
(and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the transferee) and may be under
hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House or its nominee(s), by hand or
by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution as the Directors may
approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share
until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

8. REDEMPTION,
REPURCHASE AND SURRENDER OF SHARES

8.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute and the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law,
the Company may:

(a) issue
Shares that are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or
the Company in such manner and upon such other terms as the Directors may determine before
the issuance of the Shares; and

(b) purchase
its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as
the Directors may determine and agree with the relevant Member.

9

8.2 The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in
any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.3 With
respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members
who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in Article 53;

(b) Public
Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article
53; and

(c) Class
B Shares held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration on
a pro-rata basis to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so
that the Founders will own 25 per cent of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO
(exclusive of any securities purchased in a private placement simultaneously with the IPO).

8.4 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise
under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own Shares (including any redeemable Shares)
in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors may agree with the relevant Member.
For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances
described in the Article above shall not require further approval of the Members.

8.5 Any
Share in respect of which notice of redemption has been given shall not be entitled to participate
in the profits of the Company in respect of the period after the date specified as the date
of redemption in the Redemption Notice.

8.6 The
redemption, purchase or surrender of any Share shall not be deemed to give rise to the redemption,
purchase or surrender of any other Share.

8.7 The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in
any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.8 The
Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share (including
any redeemable share).

9. TREASURY
SHARES

9.1 The
Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that
such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The
Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms
as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10. VARIATION
OF SHARE RIGHTS

10.1 Subject
to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different
classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being
wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class
where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing
of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued Shares of that class, or with the
approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast
at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class (other than with respect
to a waiver of the provisions of the Article in respect of Class B Share Conversion hereof,
which as stated therein shall only require the consent in writing of the holders of a majority
of the issued Shares of that class). For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve the
right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect, to
obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all
the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis,
except that the necessary quorum shall be one or more Persons holding or representing by
proxy at least one-third of the issued Shares of the class (but so that if at any adjourned
meeting of such holders a quorum as above defined is not present, those Members who are present
shall form a quorum) and that any holder of Shares of the class present in person or by proxy
may demand a poll.

10

10.2 For
the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the
classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class
of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in
any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The
rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other
rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares
of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking
pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights.

11. COMMISSION
ON SALES OF SHARES

The
Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any Person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe
(whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any
Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may
also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

12. NON-RECOGNITION
OF TRUSTS

The
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share
other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13. LIEN
ON SHARES

13.1 The
Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not)
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts,
liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such
Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other Person, whether a Member or
not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from
the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate
as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall
also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The
Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company
has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not
paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received
by the holder of the Shares, or to the Person entitled to it in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied
with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To
give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any Person to execute an instrument
of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser.
The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in
any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money,
nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale
or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

11

13.4 The
net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part
of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance
shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before
the sale) be paid to the Person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14. CALLS
ON SHARES

14.1 Subject
to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon
the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value
or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days
notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so
specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or
in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments.
A Person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding
the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

14.2 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The
joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the Person from whom it is due
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is
paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have
been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive
payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An
amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether
on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a
call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount
had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The
Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of
calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The
Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all
or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until
the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon
between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No
such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion
of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon
which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

15. FORFEITURE
OF SHARES

15.1 If
a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors
may give to the Person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice
requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued
and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall
specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with
the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 If
the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the
payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors.
Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable
in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

12

15.3 A
forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such
manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes
of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any Person the Directors may authorise
some Person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that Person.

15.4 A
Person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them
and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited
and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture
were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such
rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company
shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those
Shares.

15.5 A
certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer of the Company that a Share
has been forfeited on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in
it as against all Persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject
to the execution of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the
Person to whom the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the
application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by
any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or
disposal of the Share.

15.6 The
provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any
sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on
account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue
of a call duly made and notified.

16. TRANSMISSION
OF SHARES

16.1 If
a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal
representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only Persons recognised by the
Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby
released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any
Person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence
being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by
him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some Person nominated
by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another Person registered
as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that
Person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before
his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer,
as the case may be.

16.3 A
Person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the
same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if
he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect
of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in
relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice
requiring any such Person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some Person
nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either
case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the
case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or
liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the
notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received
(as determined pursuant to the Articles) the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of
all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share
until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

13

17. CLASS
B SHARE CONVERSION

17.1 The
rights attaching to the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects,
and the Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters
(subject to Article 10 (Variation of Share Rights), Article 30 (Appointment and Removal of
Directors) and Article 50 (Transfer by Way of Continuation)) with the exception that the
holder of a Class B Share shall have the conversion rights referred to in this Article 17.
Class B Shares shall automatically convert into Class A Shares on a one-for-one basis (the
Initial Conversion Ratio): (a) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder
thereof; and (b) automatically at the time of the closing of the Business Combination.

17.2 Notwithstanding
the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional Class A Shares or any other Equity-linked
Securities, are issued, or deemed issued, by the Company in excess of the amounts offered
in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business Combination, all Class B Shares in issue
shall automatically convert into Class A Shares at the time of the closing of a Business
Combination at a ratio for which the Class B Shares shall convert into Class A Shares will
be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the Class B Shares in issue agree to waive
such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that
the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, on
an as-converted basis, in the aggregate, 25 per cent of the sum of all Class A Shares and
Class B Shares in issue upon completion of the IPO plus all Class A Shares and Equity-linked
Securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, excluding any
Shares or Equity-linked Securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
and any private placement units issued to the Sponsor or its Affiliates upon conversion of
working capital loans made to the Company.

17.3 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion
Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance or deemed issuance of additional Class
A Shares or Equity-linked Securities by the written consent or agreement of holders of a
majority of the Class B Shares then in issue consenting or agreeing separately as a separate
class in the manner provided in Article 10 (Variation of Share Rights) hereof.

17.4 The
foregoing conversion ratio shall also be adjusted to account for any share capitalisations,
subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange, rights issue, reclassification, recapitalisation
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse share split, share consolidation, exchange, reclassification,
recapitalisation or otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class
A Shares in issue into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of the Articles without a proportionate and corresponding share capitalisation, subdivision,
combination or similar reclassification or recapitalisation of the Class B Shares in issue.

17.5 Each
Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares pursuant to this Article.
The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: each
Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product
of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the total number of Class
A Shares into which all of the Class B Shares in issue shall be converted pursuant to this
Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Class B Shares in issue
at the time of conversion.

14

17.6 References
in this Article to converted, conversion or exchange
shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and,
on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption proceeds in paying for
such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at
a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated
on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued as part of the conversion or exchange will
be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered
in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct.

17.7 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, in no event may any Class B Share convert into
Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one.

18. AMENDMENTS
OF MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION AND ALTERATION OF CAPITAL

18.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase
its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto;

(b) consolidate
and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert
all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid- up Shares
of any denomination;

(d) by
subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share
capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without
par value; and

(e) cancel
any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken
or agreed to be taken by any Person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount
of the Shares so cancelled.

18.2 All
new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject
to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

18.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to
be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution and Article 30.4, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change
its name;

(b) alter
or add to the Articles;

(c) alter
or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce
its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

19. OFFICES
AND PLACE OF BUSINESS

Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company
may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

20. GENERAL
MEETINGS

20.1 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general
meetings.

15

20.2 The
Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute or, for so long as any Shares
are traded on a Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold a general meeting
as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling
it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall
appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

20.3 The
Directors or the chairman of the board of Directors may, whenever they think fit, call general
meetings.

20.4 Members
seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for
appointment as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal
executive offices of the Company not less than one hundred and twenty calendar days before
the date of the Companys proxy statement released to Members in connection with the
previous years annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general
meeting the previous year, or if the date of the current years annual general meeting
has been changed by more than thirty days from the date of the previous years annual
general meeting, then the deadline shall be set by the Directors with such deadline being
a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials.

21. NOTICE
OF GENERAL MEETINGS

21.1 At
least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall
specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business
to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned
or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company by Ordinary Resolution
to such Persons as are, under the Articles, entitled to receive such notices from the Company
, provided that a general meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified
in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding
general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so
agreed:

(a) in
the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote
thereat; and

(b) in
the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having
a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per
cent in par value of the Shares giving that right.

21.2 The
accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice
of a general meeting by, any Person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate
the proceedings of that general meeting.

22. PROCEEDINGS
AT GENERAL MEETINGS

22.1 No
business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. Save as otherwise
provided by the Articles, one or more Members holding at least a majority of the paid up
voting share capital of the Company present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at
that meeting, or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorized representative
or proxy shall form a quorum.

22.2 A
Person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone, video, a virtual platform
or other communications equipment by means of which all the Persons participating in the
meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a Person in a general meeting in
this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 A
resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and
to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons,
signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the
resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

16

22.4 If
a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence,
the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or
place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the
adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 The
Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint
any Person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do
not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside
as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be
present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is
unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of
the meeting.

22.6 If
no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes
after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one
of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.7 The
chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so
directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but
no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished
at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 When
a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of an adjourned meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general
meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general
meeting which has already been postponed.

22.9 A
resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.10 If,
prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the
Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for
any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the
notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another
place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged
general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any
postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.11 A
poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall
be deemed to be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.12 In
the case of an equality of votes the chairman of the general meeting shall be entitled to
a second or casting vote.

22.13 A
poll on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairman
of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been
demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

23. VOTES
OF MEMBERS

23.1 Subject
to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares (including as set out at Article 30.4),
every Member who being an individual is present in person or by proxy or, if a corporation
or other non-natural person is present by its duly authorised representative or by proxy,
shall have one vote for every Share of which he is the holder.

17

23.2 In
the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person
or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised
representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A
Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having
jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee,
receiver, curator bonis, or other Person on such Members behalf appointed by that
court, and any such committee, receiver, curator bonis or other Person may vote by proxy.

23.4 No
Person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member
on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by
him in respect of Shares have been paid.

23.5 No
objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting
or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every
vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance
with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes
may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-
natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more
than one proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting.
Where a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number
of Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A
Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the
same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either
for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares
and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or
more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is
appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or
all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

24. PROXIES

24.1 The
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of
the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation
or other non-natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy
need not be a Member.

24.2 The
Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a
proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed
for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which
the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction
from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting
or adjourned meeting to commence at which the Person named in the instrument proposes to
vote.

24.3 The
chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be
deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner
permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall
be invalid.

18

24.4 The
instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the
Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment
thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include
the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

24.5 Votes
given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding
the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority
under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the
proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was
received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting,
or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25. CORPORATE
MEMBERS

Any
corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional documents, or in the absence of such
provision by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such Person as it thinks fit to act as its representative
at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members, and the Person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers
on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member.

26. CLEARING
HOUSES

If
a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member it may authorise such Person or Persons as it thinks fit to act
as its representative or representatives at any general meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that,
if more than one Person is so authorised, the authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such
Person is so authorised. A Person so authorised pursuant to this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further
evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) which he represents
as if such Person was the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

27. SHARES
THAT MAY NOT BE VOTED

Shares
in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be
counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

28. DIRECTORS

28.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution from time to time fix the maximum and minimum number of
Directors to be appointed but unless such numbers are fixed as aforesaid the minimum number
of Directors shall be one (exclusive of alternate Directors) and the maximum number of Directors
shall be unlimited.

28.2 The
Directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number
of Directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Upon the adoption of the
Articles, the existing Directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class
II or Class III Directors. The Class I Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring
at the Companys first annual general meeting, the Class II Directors shall stand appointed
for a term expiring at the Companys second annual general meeting and the Class III
Directors shall stand appointed for a term expiring at the Companys third annual general
meeting. Commencing at the Companys first annual general meeting, and at each annual
general meeting thereafter, Directors appointed to succeed those Directors whose terms expire
shall be appointed for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general
meeting after their appointment. Except as the Statute or other Applicable Law may otherwise
require, in the interim between annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings
called for the appointment of Directors and/or the removal of one or more Directors and the
filling of any vacancy in that connection, additional Directors and any vacancies in the
board of Directors, including unfilled vacancies resulting from the removal of Directors
for cause, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors then in office,
although less than a quorum (as defined in the Articles), or by the sole remaining Director.
All Directors shall hold office until the expiration of their respective terms of office
and until their successors shall have been appointed and qualified. A Director appointed
to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a Director shall serve
for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation or removal shall
have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been appointed and qualified.

19

29. POWERS
OF DIRECTORS

29.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who
may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and
no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of the Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable
by the Directors.

29.2 All
cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable
instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted,
endorsed or otherwise executed, as the case may be, in such manner as the Directors shall
determine by resolution.

29.3 The
Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement
to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company
or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for
the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

29.4 The
Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge
its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part
thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities
whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

29.5 The
Directors shall have the authority to present a winding up petition on behalf of the Company
without the sanction of a resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.

30. APPOINTMENT
AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

30.1 Subject
to Article 30.2, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any Person to be a Director
or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director. The Directors may appoint any Person to
be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director, provided that the appointment
does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with
the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

30.2 Prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, only holders of Class B Shares will have the
right to vote on the election and the removal of Directors pursuant to Article 30.1. For
the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, holders of Class
A Shares shall have no right to vote on the appointment or removal of any Director.

30.3 At
the time of or following the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company may by Ordinary
Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary Resolution remove any Director.

20

30.4 Prior
to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 30.2 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by holders of a majority of at least ninety per cent of the Shares which, being entitled
to do so, are voted in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting
of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a Special Resolution
has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

31. VACATION
OF OFFICE OF DIRECTOR

The
office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the
Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director; or

(b) the
Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy
or an alternate Director appointed by him) from three consecutive meetings of the board of
Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution
that he has by reason of such absence vacated office; or

(c) the
Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors
generally; or

(d) the
Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all
of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed
as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of
the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in
writing signed by all of the other Directors; or

(f) the
Director is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of the Articles.

32. PROCEEDINGS
OF DIRECTORS

32.1 The
quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors,
and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

32.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting of the Directors shall be decided by a majority of
votes. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.
A Director who is also an alternate Director shall be entitled in the absence of his appointor
to a separate vote on behalf of his appointor in addition to his or her own vote.

32.3 A
Person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference
telephone, video, a virtual platform or other communications equipment by means of which
all the Persons participating in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same
time. Participation by a Person in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person
at that meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Directors the meeting shall be deemed
to be held at the place where the chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

32.4 A
resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the
members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating
to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors
other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution (an alternate Director being
entitled to sign such a resolution on behalf of his appointor and if such alternate Director
is also a Director, being entitled to sign such resolution both on behalf of his appointer
and in his capacity as a Director) shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed
at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the case may be, duly convened
and held.

21

32.5 A
Director may, or other Officer of the Company on the direction of a Director, call a meeting
of the Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director and alternate
Director which notice shall set forth the general nature of the business to be considered
unless notice is waived by all the Directors (or their alternates) either at, before or after
the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions
of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply
mutatis mutandis.

32.6 The
continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding
any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number
fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing
Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be
equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no
other purpose.

32.7 The
Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he or she
is to hold office, but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman
is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence,
the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.8 Subject
to any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, including where the Directors have designated
a chairman of the committee, a committee appointed by the Directors may elect a chairman
of its meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no such chairman
is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the
time appointed for the meeting to commence, the committee members present may choose one
of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.9 A
committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Subject to
any regulations imposed on it by the Directors, questions arising at any committee meeting
shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee members present and in case of
an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

32.10 All
acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors (including any
Person acting as an alternate Director) shall, notwithstanding that it is afterwards discovered
that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director or alternate Director, and/or
that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or were not
entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such Person had been duly appointed and/or not
disqualified to be a Director or alternate Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or
had been entitled to vote, as the case may be.

32.11 A
Director but not an alternate Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of
Directors by a proxy appointed in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum
and the vote of the proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

33. PRESUMPTION
OF ASSENT

A
Director or alternate Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall
be presumed to have assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall
file his written dissent from such action with the Person acting as the chairman of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall
forward such dissent by registered post to such Person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall
not apply to a Director or alternate Director who voted in favour of such action.

34. DIRECTORS
INTERESTS

34.1 A
Director or alternate Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company
(other than the office of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period
and on such terms as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

22

34.2 A
Director or alternate Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm,
in a professional capacity for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration
for professional services as if he were not a Director or alternate Director.

34.3 A
Director or alternate Director may be or become a director or other Officer of or otherwise
interested in any company promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested
as a shareholder, a contracting party or otherwise, and no such Director or alternate Director
shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration or other benefits received by him
as a director or Officer of, or from his interest in, such other company.

34.4 No
Person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or alternate Director or prevented
by such office from contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise,
nor shall any such contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of
the Company in which any Director or alternate Director shall be in any way interested be
or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director or alternate Director so contracting or
being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by or arising
in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason of such Director or alternate
Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
(or his alternate Director in his absence) shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any
contract or transaction in which he is interested provided that the nature of the interest
of any Director or alternate Director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed
by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

34.5 A
general notice that a Director or alternate Director is a shareholder, director, Officer
or employee of any specified firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction
with such firm or company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a
resolution in respect of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after
such general notice it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular
transaction.

35. MINUTES

35.1 The
Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments
of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders
of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including
the names of the Directors or alternate Directors present at each meeting.

36. DELEGATION
OF DIRECTORS POWERS

36.1 The
Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power
to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without
limitation, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee); any committee so formed
shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any conditions that may be imposed
on it by the Directors. The Directors may also delegate to any managing director or any Director
holding any other executive office such of their powers, authorities and discretions as they
consider desirable to be exercised by him provided that an alternate Director may not act
as managing director and the appointment of a managing director shall be revoked forthwith
if he ceases to be a Director. Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions
the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers
and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions
that may be imposed by the Directors, the proceedings of a committee of Directors shall be
governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable
of applying.

23

36.2 The
Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any Person to
be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any Person
to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies and such Person need not be a
Director or Officer of the Company. Any such appointment may be made subject to any conditions
the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers
and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such
conditions that may be imposed by the Directors, the proceedings of any such committee, local
board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors,
so far as they are capable of applying.

36.3 The
Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees and, if so adopted, shall review
and assess the adequacy of such formal written charters on an annual basis. Each of these
committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the rights of such committee
set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors may delegate pursuant
to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange,
the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.
Each of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, if established, shall consist
of such number of Directors as the Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum
number as may be required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law). For so long as any class of Shares is listed on the Designated Stock Exchange,
the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee shall be made up of such number of Independent
Directors as is required from time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law.

36.4 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any Person to be the agent of the
Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is
not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

36.5 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, Person or body
of Persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney
or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities
and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the
Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any
such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection
and convenience of Persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the
Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory
to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

36.6 The
Directors may from time to time appoint any Person, whether or not a Director, to hold such
office in the Company as the Directors may think necessary for the administration of the
Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, a chairman, chief
executive officer, president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, vice-presidents,
secretary, assistant secretaries, treasurer or any other officers as may be determined by
the Directors), for such term and at such remuneration (whether by way of salary or commission
or participation in profits or partly in one way and partly in another), and with such powers
and duties as the Directors may think fit. Any Person so appointed by the Directors may be
removed by resolution of the Directors or by the Company by Ordinary Resolution. An Officer
of the Company may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company
that he resigns his office.

37. ALTERNATE
DIRECTORS

37.1 Any
Director (but not an alternate Director) may by writing appoint any other Director, or any
other Person willing to act, to be an alternate Director and by writing may remove from office
an alternate Director so appointed by him.

37.2 An
alternate Director shall be entitled to receive notice of all meetings of Directors and of
all meetings of committees of Directors of which his appointor is a member, to attend and
vote at every such meeting at which the Director appointing him is not personally present,
to sign any written resolution of the Directors (except where such written resolution of
the Directors have been signed by the appointing Director), and generally to perform all
the functions of his appointor as a Director in his absence.

24

37.3 An
alternate Director shall cease to be an alternate Director if his appointor ceases to be
a Director.

37.4 Any
appointment or removal of an alternate Director shall be by notice to the Company signed
by the Director making or revoking the appointment or in any other manner approved by the
Directors.

37.5 Subject
to the provisions of the Articles, an alternate Director shall be deemed for all purposes
to be a Director and shall alone be responsible for his own acts and defaults and shall not
be deemed to be the agent of the Director appointing him.

38. NO
MINIMUM SHAREHOLDING

The
Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding
qualification is fixed, a Director is not required to hold Shares.

39. REMUNERATION
OF DIRECTORS

39.1 The
remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors
shall determine. The Directors shall also be entitled to be paid all travelling, hotel and
other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings
of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or separate
meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or otherwise
in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties as a Director,
or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by the Directors,
or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

39.2 The
Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services
which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director.
Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or
otherwise serves it in a professional capacity, shall be in addition to his remuneration
as a Director.

40. SEAL

40.1 The
Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the
authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors.
Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one Person
who shall be either a Director or Officer of the Company or other Person appointed by the
Directors for the purpose.

40.2 The
Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal
or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the
Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it
is to be used.

40.3 A
Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority
of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required
to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the
Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

25

41. DIVIDENDS,
DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESERVE

41.1 Subject
to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to
any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares
in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of
the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution
shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the
Share Premium Account or as otherwise permitted by law.

41.2 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share
is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that
Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

41.3 The
Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums
of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

41.4 The
Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by
the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution
of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways
and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle
the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix
the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine
that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order
to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in
such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

41.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions
may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any
currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

41.6 The
Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such
sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the
Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may,
at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

41.7 Any
Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares
may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post
directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the
registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such
Person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such
cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the Person to whom it is sent. Any
one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

41.8 No
Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

41.9 Any
Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed
after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable
may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys
name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that
account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from
the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited
and shall revert to the Company.

26

42. CAPITALISATION

The
Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including
the Share Premium Account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise
available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such
Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying
up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid.
In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the
Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby
the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any Person
to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters
incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the
Company.

43. SHARE
PREMIUM ACCOUNT

43.1 The
Directors shall in accordance with the Statute establish a Share Premium Account and shall
carry to the credit of such account from time to time a sum equal to the amount or value
of the premium paid on the issue of any Share.

43.2 There
shall be debited to any Share Premium Account on the redemption or purchase of a Share the
difference between the nominal value of such Share and the redemption or purchase price provided
always that at the determination of the Directors such sum may be paid out of the profits
of the Company or, if permitted by the Statute, out of capital.

44. BOOKS
OF ACCOUNT

44.1 The
Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money
received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure
takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if
there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of
the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

44.2 The
Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under
what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall
be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director)
shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except
as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

44.3 The
Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit
and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law.

45. AUDIT

45.1 The
Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
Directors determine.

45.2 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming
incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services
are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy.

27

45.3 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers
of the Company such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of
the duties of the Auditor.

45.4 Auditors
shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in
the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the
case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company,
and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general
meeting of the Company.

45.5 Without
prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if any of the
Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a Designated Stock Exchange,
and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or
any other compentent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Directors
shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the board of Directors
and shall adopt a formal written audit committee charter and review and assess the adequacy
of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and responsibilities of
the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated
Stock Exchange and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. The Audit Committee (if one exists) shall meet at least once every financial quarter,
or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

45.6 If
any of the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a Designated
Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of
potential conflicts of interest.

45.7 The
remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists) or otherwise
by the Directors.

45.8 Any
payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and
approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such
review and approval.

46. NOTICES

46.1 Notices
shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by
sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown
in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail
address provided by such Member). For so long as any of the Shares are traded on a Designated
Stock Exchange, notice must also be served in accordance with the requirements of the Designated
Stock Exchange. Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in accordance with
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the SEC and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or by placing it on the Companys Website.

46.2 Where
a notice is sent by:

(a) courier,
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier
company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays
or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the
courier;

(b) post,
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and
posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the
fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following
the day on which the notice was posted;

28

(c) cable,
telex or fax, service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing
and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was transmitted;

(d) e-mail
service shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided
by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that
it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged
by the recipient; and

(e) placing
it on the Companys Website, service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

46.3 A
notice may be given by the Company to the Person or Persons which the Company has been advised
are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in
the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall
be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee
of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
Persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice
in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not
occurred.

46.4 Notice
of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every
holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such
meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given
to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every Person upon whom the
ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a
trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would
be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other Person shall be entitled to receive
notices of general meetings.

47. WINDING
UP

47.1 If
the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject
to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay
the whole of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so
that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the
par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to
repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding
up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of
the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from
those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company
for unpaid calls or otherwise.

47.2 If
the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any
Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval
required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the
assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or
not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried
out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the
like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for
the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but
so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

29

48. INDEMNITY
AND INSURANCE

48.1 Every
Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the
Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified
Person) shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability,
action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in
carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason
of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether
direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through
the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person
shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this
Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that
effect.

48.2 The
Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought.
In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute
an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final
judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

48.3 The
Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit
of any Director or Officer of the Company against any liability which, by virtue of any rule
of law, would otherwise attach to such Person in respect of any negligence, default, breach
of duty or breach of trust of which such Person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

49. FINANCIAL
YEAR

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year
of incorporation, shall begin on 1st January in each year.

50. TRANSFER
BY WAY OF CONTINUATION

50.1 Subject
to Article 50.2, if the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject
to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the
power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

50.2 Prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, only holders of Class B Shares will have the
right to vote on the Company registering by way of continuation as a body corporate under
the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands pursuant to Article 50.1. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the consummation of
a Business Combination, holders of Class A Shares shall have no right to vote on the Company
registering by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

30

50.3 At
the time of or following the consummation of a Business Combination, if the Company is exempted
as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the
approval of a Special Resolution, have the power to register by way of continuation as a
body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered
in the Cayman Islands.

50.4 Prior
to the closing of a Business Combination, Article 50.2 may only be amended by a Special Resolution
passed by holders of a majority of at least ninety per cent of the Shares which, being entitled
to do so, are voted in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting
of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a Special Resolution
has been given, or by way of unanimous written resolution.

51. MERGERS
AND CONSOLIDATIONS

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such
terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

52. DISCLOSURE

The
Directors, Officers of the Company or any authorised service providers (including the registered office agent of the Company), shall
be entitled to disclose to any regulatory or judicial authority, or to any Designated Stock Exchange on which the Shares may from time
to time be listed, any information regarding the affairs of the Company including, without limitation, information contained in the Register
of Members and books of the Company.

53. BUSINESS
COMBINATION

53.1 Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this
Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

53.2 Prior
to the consummation of any Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit
such Business Combination to the Members for approval; or

(b) provide
Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer
for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such
Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or
payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares. Such obligation to
repurchase Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which
it relates.

53.3 If
the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the US Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing such Business Combination which contain
substantially the same financial and other information about such Business Combination and
the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the US Exchange Act. If, alternatively,
the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination, the Company
will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation
14A of the US Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials
with the SEC.

31

53.4 Any
Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may,
in connection with any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares
redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided for in the related
proxy materials (the IPO Redemption), provided that no such Member acting
together with any Affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert
or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes of acquiring,
holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than
15 per cent of the Public Shares in the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company
and provided further that any beneficial holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption
right is being exercised must identify itself to the Company in connection with any redemption
election in order to validly redeem such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall
pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed
Business Combination, a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the
consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account
(such interest shall be net of taxes payable) and not previously released to the Company
to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price
being referred to herein as the Redemption Price), but only in the event
that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and consummated.

53.5 A
Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors
determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request
(which they may do in whole or in part).

53.6 In
the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 24 months from the
consummation of the IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with
the Articles, the Company shall:

(a) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(b) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in
issue, which redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(c) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Companys remaining Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject
in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of Applicable Law.

53.7 In
the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with a Business Combination or redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company does
not consummate a Business Combination within 24 months after the date of the closing of the
IPO, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the Articles, or

(b) with
respect to any other provision relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination
activity, of the Articles relating to the rights of holders of Class A Shares,

each
holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares.

32

53.8 A
holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account
only in the event of an IPO Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means of a tender offer
pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article.
In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares have any right or interest of any
kind in the Trust Account.

53.9 After
the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the
Company shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the
holders thereof to:

(a) receive
funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote
as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

53.10 As
long as the securities of the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the Company
must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of
at least 80 per cent of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts previously disbursed
to the Companys management for taxes or working capital and excluding the amount of
deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account) at the time of the Companys
signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination. A Business Combination
must not be effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal
operations.

53.11 A
Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict
of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must
disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

53.12 The
Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with
the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate
a Business Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director
or an Officer, the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly
renders fairness opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire
that is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an independent
accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial
point of view.

54. BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES

54.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an
officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or
in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other.
Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity
to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary
duty as a Member, Director and/or officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues
or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate
opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate
opportunity to the Company.

33

54.2 Except
as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about
which a Director and/or officer who is also a member of Management acquires knowledge.

54.3 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the
Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims
and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

55. EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION AND FORUM

55.1 Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the
Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of
or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each
Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any
action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or
former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum
or the Articles; or

(d) any
action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine (as such concept is recognized
under the laws of the United States of America).

55.2 Each
Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes.

55.3 Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the
courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be
entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

55.4 This
Article 55 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or any
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter
of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such
a claim.

34
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex4-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

Execution Version

SHARE
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This
Share Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of January 16, 2025 between Hennessy Capital Investment
Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, a Minnesota
corporation (the Share Rights Agent).

WHEREAS,
the Company has entered into an agreement with Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (Representative),
as representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters), for the Companys initial public
offering (Public Offering) pursuant to which the underwriters will purchase up to an aggregate of 20,125,000
units (including up to 2,625,000 additional units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), each unit (Unit)
comprised of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, $0.0001 par value (the Ordinary Shares), and one
right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Ordinary Share (a Public Share Right) upon the happening of the
triggering event described herein, and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 20,125,000 Public Share
Rights upon consummation of such Public Offering, 2,625,000 of which are attributable to the over-allotment option;

WHEREAS,
the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283087) (as amended,
the Registration Statement) for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act) of, among other securities, the Units, Public Share Rights, and the Ordinary Shares issuable to the holders of the
Units and Public Share Rights;

WHEREAS,
the Company has entered into agreements with HC Sponsor VII LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Nevada,
and the Underwriters to purchase up to an aggregate of 675,000 private Units (or up to 701,250 private units if the underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised) in a private placement transaction to occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering,
with each private Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Ordinary Share (the Private
Share Rights);

WHEREAS,
up to $2,500,000 of working capital loans, as described in the Registration Statement, may be converted into up to 250,000 private placement-equivalent
units, with each Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Ordinary Share (the Working
Capital Share Rights, together with the Private Share Rights and the Public Share Rights, the Share Rights);

WHEREAS,
the Company desires the Share Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Share Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection
with the issuance, registration, transfer and exchange of the Share Rights;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Share Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective
rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Share Rights Agent, and the holders of the Share Rights; and

WHEREAS,
all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Share Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company
and countersigned by or on behalf of the Share Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company,
and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Share Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Share Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Share Rights,
and the Share Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

2. Share
Rights.

2.1. Form
of Share Right. Each Share Right shall be issued in registered or book-entry form as requested by the Company or the holder of
a Share Right. Any Share Rights issued in registered form shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions
of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary. In the event the person
whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Share Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed
the Share Right before such Share Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such
at the date of issuance.

2.2. Effect
of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Share Rights as described in Section 2.1 above, unless and until countersigned
by the Share Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a registered Share Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged
for Ordinary Shares.

2.3. Registration.

2.3.1. Share
Right Register. The Share Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration
of original issuance and the registration of transfer of the Share Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Share Rights, the Share
Rights Agent shall issue and register the Share Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise
in accordance with instructions delivered to the Share Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2. Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Share Right, the Company and the Share Rights Agent may
deem and treat the person or entity in whose name such Share Right shall be registered upon the Share Right Register (Registered
Holder) as the absolute owner of such Share Right and of each Share Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any
notation of ownership or other writing on the Share Right Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Share Rights Agent),
for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be
affected by any notice to the contrary.

2

2.4. Detachability
of Share Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Share Rights, will not be separately transferable until the
fifty second (52nd) day after the date of the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (or, if such date is not a business
day, the following business day) unless the Representative informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier separate trading,
but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files a Current Report on
Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering
including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised
on the date hereof, and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing when such separate
trading shall begin.

3. Terms
and Exchange of Share Rights.

3.1. Share
Rights. Each Share Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share upon the occurrence
of an Exchange Event (as defined below). Subject to Section 3.3.1 below with respect to the Registered Holders of Share Rights, in
the event that the Company is not the surviving entity immediately following the Exchange Event, holders of Share Rights shall be
entitled to automatically receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of each
one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share is entitled to receive in the Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall be paid by
a holder of Share Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary Share upon the Exchange Event as the purchase price for such
number of Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Share Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares.

3.2. Exchange
Event. The exchange event (the Exchange Event) shall be the Companys consummation of an initial
Business Combination (as defined in the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association (as may amended, restated or amended
and restated (the Articles))).

3.3. Exchange
of Share Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance
of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of the Exchange Event, the Company shall direct Registered Holders
of the Share Rights to return their Share Rights Certificates (physically or electronically) to the Share Rights Agent, subject to
dissenter rights to the extent provided by applicable law, if any, in the event that the Company is not the surviving entity in a
Business Combination. Upon receipt of a valid Share Rights Certificate, the Company shall issue to the holder of such Share Right(s)
the number of whole Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him,
her or it and issue to such holder a book-entry position for such Ordinary Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or any provision
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Share Rights. The Company
shall not issue fractional Ordinary Shares upon exchange of Share Rights. At the time of the Exchange Event, the Company will instruct
the Share Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Cayman Islands law and the Articles.

3

3.3.2. Valid
Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3. Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position for Ordinary Shares is issued and the register of members of the
Company updated shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date of the Exchange Event,
irrespective of the date of delivery of such book-entry position.

3.3.4. Company
Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not being the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of Share Rights to receive the same kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving
entity as the holders of the Ordinary Shares will receive with the Exchange Event, for the number of Ordinary Shares such holder
is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.4. Duration
of Share Rights. If the Exchange Event does not occur within the time period as described in Articles 53.6 and 53.7 of the Articles,
and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within the applicable time period, the Share Rights shall expire and shall
be worthless.

4. Transfer
and Exchange of Share Rights.

4.1. Registration
of Transfer. The Share Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Share Right upon the Share
Right Register, in the case of certificate Share Rights, upon surrender of such Share Right for transfer, properly endorsed with
signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer of a certificated
Share Right, a new Share Right representing an equal aggregate number of Share Rights shall be issued and the old Share Right shall
be cancelled by the Share Rights Agent. The certificated Share Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Share Rights Agent to
the Company from time to time upon request.

4

4.2. Procedure
for Surrender of Share Rights. Certificated Share Rights may be surrendered to the Share Rights Agent, together with a written
request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon the Share Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new certificated
Share Rights as requested by the Registered Holder of the Share Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of
Share Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Share Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Share
Rights Agent shall not cancel such Share Right and issue new Share Rights in exchange therefor until the Share Rights Agent has received
an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Share Rights must also
bear a restrictive legend.

4.3. Fractional
Share Rights. The Share Rights Agent will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange or transfer of Share Rights.
Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands
law and the Articles. As a result, you must hold Share Rights in multiples of 12 in order to receive shares for all of your Share
Rights upon the Exchange Event.

4.4. Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Share Rights.

4.5. Adjustments
to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Share Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the
occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share subdivision, share dividend,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Ordinary
Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

4.6. Share
Right Execution and Countersignature. The Share Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, the Share Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and
the Company, whenever required by the Share Rights Agent, will supply the Share Rights Agent with Share Rights duly executed on behalf
of the Company for such purpose.

5. Other
Provisions Relating to Share Rights of Holders of Share Rights.

5.1. No
Share Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Share Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Share Right does not
entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right
to receive dividends, or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders
in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5

5.2. Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Share Rights. If any Share Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the
Share Rights Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case
of a mutilated Share Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Share Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the
Share Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new Share Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation
of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Share Right shall be at any time enforceable by
anyone.

5.3. Reservation
of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary
Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Share Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

6. Concerning
the Share Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Share
Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Share Rights, but the Company shall not
be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Share Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Share Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment
of Successor Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and
be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company.
If the office of the Share Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint
in writing a successor Share Rights Agent in place of the Share Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment
within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Share Rights Agent or by
the holder of the Share Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its Share Right for inspection by the Company), then
the holder of any Share Right may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States for the appointment of a successor
Share Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Share Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court,
shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal
office in the United States of America, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision
or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Share Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority,
powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Share Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named
as Share Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the
predecessor Share Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor
Share Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and Share Rights of such predecessor Share Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request
of any successor Share Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing
for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Share Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights,
immunities, duties, and obligations.

6

6.2.2. Notice
of Successor Share Rights Agent. In the event a successor Share Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice
thereof to the predecessor Share Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of
any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger
or Consolidation of Share Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Share Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may
be consolidated or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Share Rights Agent shall be a party shall
be the successor Share Rights Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3. Fees
and Expenses of Share Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Share Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Share Rights Agent hereunder and
will reimburse the Share Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Share Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution
of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged,
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Share Rights Agent
for the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability
of Share Rights Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Share Rights Agent shall deem it necessary
or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such
fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved
and established by a statement signed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer,
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, or Secretary and delivered to the Share Rights Agent. The Share Rights Agent may
rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

7

6.4.2. Indemnity.
The Share Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section
6.6, the Company agrees to indemnify and holds the Share Rights Agent in its role as Share Rights Agent, its agents and each of its
shareholders, directors, officers and employees harmless from and against all claims, losses, expenses, liabilities, including judgments,
costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for
any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity.

6.4.3. Exclusions.
The Share Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity
or execution of any Share Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company
of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Share Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make
any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement
or any Share Right or as to whether any Ordinary Shares will, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. Acceptance
of Agency. The Share Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon
the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver.
The Share Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the
date hereof, by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, a Minnesota corporation, as trustee thereunder (the
Investment Management Trust Agreement). In the event the Share Rights Agent has any Claim against the
Company, the Share Rights Agent shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not
against the Property (as defined in the Investment Management Trust Agreement) or any monies in the Trust Account (as defined in
the Investment Management Trust Agreement).

7. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

7.1. Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Share Rights Agent shall bind and
inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

8

7.2. Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Share Rights Agent or by the holder of any
Share Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified
mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address
is filed in writing by the Company with the Share Rights Agent), as follows:

Any
notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Share Right or by the Company to or
on the Share Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail
or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed
in writing by the Share Rights Agent with the Company), as follows:

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
Minnesota 55125

Attn:
Compliance Department

And

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

Attn:
Daniel J. Hennessy

with
copies to:

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B.

Financial
Group, LLC 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New
York, NY 10019

Telephone:
646-792-5600

Sidley
Austin LLP

787
Seventh Avenue

New
York, New York 10019

Attn:
Michael P. Heinz, Esq.; Jeffrey N. Smith, Esq.

And

Appleby
(Cayman) Ltd.

9th
Floor, 60 Nexus Way Camana Bay

Grand
Cayman, KY1-1104

Attn:
Simon Raftopoulos, Esq.; Alexandra Low, Esq.

9

7.3. Applicable
Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Share Rights shall be governed
in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the
application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against
it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement, including under the Securities Act, shall be brought and enforced in
the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. The Company hereby
waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons
to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service
and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in the Share Rights shall be deemed to have notice of and to
have consented to the forum provisions in this Section 7.3. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope
the forum provisions above, is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action) in the name of any Share Rights holder,
such Share Rights holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action
brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action), and (y) having service
of process made upon such Share Rights holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Share Rights holders counsel
in the foreign action as agent for such Share Rights holder.

7.4. Persons
Having Share Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the
provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties
hereto and the Registered Holders of the Share Rights and, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of
any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements
contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns and
of the Registered Holders of the Share Rights.

7.5. Examination
of this Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Share Rights Agent
in the City of Woodbury, State of Minnesota, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Share Right. The Share Rights Agent may
require any such holder to submit his, her or its Share Right for inspection by it.

10

7.6. Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Copies of executed counterparts of this Agreement transmitted by electronic transmission (including by email or in .pdf format) or
facsimile as well as electronically or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the same legal effect as original
signatures and shall be considered irrevocable originally executed counterparts of this Agreement.

7.7. Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the
interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with
respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments
shall require the written consent or vote of the Registered Holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding Public Share Rights,
to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the Registered Holders of Public Share Rights in any material respect
and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Share Rights or Working Capital Share Rights or any provision
of this Agreement with respect to the Private Share Rights, or Working Capital Share Rights (including, for the avoidance of doubt,
the forfeiture or cancellation of any Private Share Rights or Working Capital Share Rights), 50% of the number of then outstanding
Private Share Rights and Working Capital Share Rights.

7.9. Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as
similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature
Page Follows]

11

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title: Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

ODYSSEY
TRANSFER AND TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/
Rebecca Paulson 

Name: Rebecca
Paulson 

Title: President 

[Signature
Page to Share Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Share Right

NUMBER RIGHTS

________R 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

INCORPORATED
UNDER THE LAWS OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

SEE
REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

CUSIP
[ ]

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT, for value received

_____________
is the registered holder of a right or rights (the Share Right or Share Rights,
respectively) to automatically receive one-twelfth of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary
Shares), of Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company) for each Share Right evidenced
by this Share Right Certificate on the Companys completion of an initial business combination (as defined in the prospectus relating
to the Companys initial public offering (Prospectus)) upon surrender of this Share Right Certificate
pursuant to the Share Rights Agreement (the Share Rights Agreement) between the Company and Odyssey Transfer
and Trust Company (the Share Rights Agent). In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any
Share Right.

Upon
liquidation of the Company in the event an initial business combination is not consummated during the required period as identified in
the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Share
Right(s) shall expire and be worthless. The holder of a Share Right or Share Rights shall have no right or interest of any kind in the
Companys trust account (as defined in the Prospectus).

Upon
due presentment for registration of transfer of the Share Right Certificate at the office or agency of the Share Rights Agent a new Share
Right Certificate or Share Right Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Share Rights shall be issued
to the transferee in exchange for this Share Right Certificate, without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge.
The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Share Rights. The Company reserves the right to deal with any fractional
entitlement at the relevant time in any manner (as provided in the Share Rights Agreement).

The
Company and the Share Rights Agent may deem and treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Share Right Certificate (notwithstanding
any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any conversion hereof, of any distribution to the
registered holder, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Share Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to
the contrary.

Holders
of a Share Right or Share Rights are not entitled to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company.

Dated:

Chairman
of the Board Chief
Financial officer

The
following abbreviations, when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written
out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN
COM as
tenants in common UNIF
GIFT _________
Custodian _________

MIN ACT- 

(Cust)
(Minor)

TEN
ENT as
tenants by the entireties 

under
Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

JT
TEN as
joint tenants with right of survivorship 

and
not as tenants in common Act (State)

Additional
Abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

The
Company will furnish without charge to each shareholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of shares or series thereof of the Company and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
of such preferences and/or rights. This certificate and the rights represented thereby are issued and shall be held subject to all the
provisions of the Share Rights Agreement, and all amendments thereto, to all of which the holder of this certificate by acceptance hereof
assents.

For
value received,___________________________ hereby sell, assign and transfer unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

(PLEASE
PRINT OR TYPEWRITE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE)

Rights
represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint _________________ Attorney to transfer the
said Rights on the books of the within named Company will full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated
___________

Notice:
The
signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate in every particular, without
alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s)
Guaranteed:

THE
SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT
UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

January
16, 2025

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

(775)
339-1671

Re: Initial
Public Offering 

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting
Agreement) to be entered into by and among Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company)
and Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, as representative (the Representative)
of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), relating to an underwritten initial public offering
(the Public Offering), of 20,125,000 of the Companys units (including up to 2,625,000 units that may be purchased
to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units), each comprised of one share of the Companys Class A ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of
a Class A Ordinary Share (Share Rights). The Units will be sold in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration
statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) and the Company has applied to have the Units listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 11 hereof.

In
order to induce the Company and the Representative to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, HC VII Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor)
and each of the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board of directors and/or management team (each,
an Insider and collectively, the Insiders), hereby severally (and not jointly and severally)
agrees with the Company as follows:

1. The
Sponsor and each Insider agrees that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection
with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed
Business Combination (including any proposals recommended by the Companys board of directors in connection with such Business
Combination) and (ii) not redeem any Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval. If
the Company seeks to consummate a proposed Business Combination by engaging in a tender offer, the Sponsor and each Insider agrees that
it, he or she will not sell or tender any Ordinary Shares (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in connection therewith.

2. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering, or such later period approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as it may be amended from to time to time, the Charter),
the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, redeem 100% of the Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares),
at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (net of
amounts withdrawn to fund the Companys working capital requirements, subject to an annual limit of 5% of the interest generated
on the amount held in the Trust Account, and to pay the Companys franchise and income taxes (Permitted Withdrawals)
and less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of the Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of
applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider agree to not propose any amendment to the Charter that would modify the substance or timing
of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the required time period set forth in the Charter or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest (net of Permitted Withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

The
Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares held by it, him or her. The Sponsor
and each Insider hereby further waive, with respect to any Class A Ordinary Shares held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights
it, he or she may have in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, including, without limitation, any such rights
available in the context of a shareholder vote to approve such Business Combination or in the context of a tender offer made by the Company
to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares (although the Sponsor, the Insiders and their respective affiliates shall be entitled to redemption
and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination
within the time period set forth in the Charter or in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Charter to modify
the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial business combination activity).

3.
Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and 7(b) below, during the period commencing on the effective date of the
Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent
of the Representative, (i) offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract
to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish
or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder, with respect to any Units, Ordinary Shares, Share Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable
for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole
or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Ordinary Shares, Share Rights or any securities convertible into,
or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Class A Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her, whether any such transaction is to be settled by
delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause
(i) or (ii); provided, however, that the foregoing does not apply to the forfeiture of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms or
any transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director of the Company (as long as such current or future independent
director transferee is subject to this Letter Agreement or executes an agreement substantially identical to the terms of this Letter
Agreement, as applicable to directors and officers at the time of such transfer; and as long as, to the extent any Section 16 reporting
obligation is triggered as a result of such transfer, any related Section 16 filing includes a practical explanation as to the
nature of the transfer).

4.
In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other
shareholders, members or managers of the Sponsor or any other Insider) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any
and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to
which the Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company
or (ii) any prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement for a Business Combination (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the
Company by the Sponsor (x) shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party or a Target do not reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per Offering Share or (ii) the actual amount per Offering
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Offering Share is then
held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets less Permitted Withdrawals, (y) shall not apply to any claims
by a third party (including a Target) that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or
not such waiver is enforceable) and (z) shall not apply to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the Representatives against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against
any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice
of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense. For the avoidance of doubt,
none of the Companys officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties, including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

2

5.
To the extent that the Representatives do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 Units within
45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees to forfeit, at no cost, a number
of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to the product of 875,000 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 2,625,000
minus the number of Units purchased by the Representatives upon the exercise of its over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of
which is 2,625,000. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Representatives
so that the Initial Shareholders will own an aggregate of 25.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the
Public Offering. To the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or decreased, the Company will effect a capitalization
or share repurchase, redemption or share split or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of
the Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of the Ordinary Shares of the Initial Shareholders holders prior to the
Public Offering at 25.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares upon the consummation of the Public Offering.
In connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, (A) references to 2,625,000 in the numerator and denominator
of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be changed to a number equal to 15% of the number of shares included in
the Units issued in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 875,000 in the formula set forth in the immediately preceding sentence
shall be adjusted to such number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to return to the Company in order to hold (with all of
the Initial Shareholder) an aggregate of 25.0% of the Companys issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares after the Public Offering.

6.
The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Representative and the Company would be irreparably injured
in the event of a breach by such Sponsor or an Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7(a), 7(b), and
9, as applicable, of this Letter Agreement (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach and (iii) the non-breaching
party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the
event of such breach.

7.

(a)
The Sponsor and each Insider agree that it, he or she shall not Transfer (as defined below) any Founder Shares (or Class A Ordinary Shares
issuable upon conversion thereof) until 180 days after completion of the Business Combination (the Founder Shares Lock-up Period).
In addition, all of the Founder Shares will be released on the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their
Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.

(b)
The Sponsor and each Insider agree that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement
Shares, the Private Placement Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement
Share Rights) until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination (the Private Placement Unit Lock-up Period,
together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(c)
Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in paragraphs 3 and 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units,
Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Share Rights and Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Placement Share Rights or
the Founder Shares and that are held by the Sponsor, any Insider or any of their permitted transferees (that have complied with this
paragraph 7(c)), are permitted (a) to the Companys officers, directors, service providers or the underwriters, any affiliates
or immediate family members (including trusts for their benefit) of any of the Companys officers, directors, service providers
or the underwriters, any members of the Sponsor, any affiliates of a member of the Sponsor, the underwriters, or any service providers
of a member of the Sponsor, a members affiliates or the underwriters; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of
the individuals immediate family members, to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate
family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent
and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e)
by private sales or transfers, in each case, made in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater
than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion
of an initial Business Combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company
agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor; (h) in the event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys public shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination;
(i) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through
(h) above; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) and (i), these permitted transferees must enter into a written
agreement with the Company agreeing to be bound by the transfer restrictions herein and the other restrictions contained in this Agreement
(including provisions relating to voting, the Trust Account and liquidating distributions).

3

8. The Sponsor and each Insider represent and warrant that it, he or she has never been suspended
or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration
denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company (including any such information
included in the Prospectus) is true and accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to the Insiders
background. The Sponsor and each Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company is true and accurate in all respects. The Sponsor
and each Insider represents and warrants that: it, he or she is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction,
cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in
any jurisdiction; it, he or she has never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any
financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it, he or she
is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

9.
Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the Sponsor or any Insider, nor any director
or officer of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of
any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation
of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is), other than the following, none
of which will be made from the proceeds held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination: repayment
of a loan and advances of up to $250,000 made to the Company by the Sponsor to cover expenses related to the organization of the Company
and the Public Offering; payment to an affiliate of the Sponsor for certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support as may be reasonably required by the Company for a total of $15,000 per month; reimbursement for any reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses related to identifying, investigating and consummating an initial Business Combination, and repayment of loans, if any, and
on such terms as to be determined by the Company from time to time, made by the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and
directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, provided, that, if the Company does
not consummate an initial Business Combination, a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account may be used by the Company
to repay such loaned amounts so long as no proceeds from the Trust Account are used for such repayment. Up to $2,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into Private Placement Units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit
at the option of the lender. Such Private Placement Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units issued to our sponsor.

10.
The Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation,
any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as
applicable, to serve as an officer and/or a director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the
Prospectus as an officer and/or a director of the Company.

11.
As used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities; (ii) Ordinary
Shares shall mean, collectively, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Founder Shares; (iii) Founder Shares
shall mean the 6,708,333 Class B Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, (or 5,833,333 Class B Ordinary Shares if the over-allotment
option is not exercised by the Representatives) initially held by the Sponsor, officers, independent directors and/or director nominees
of the Company; (iv) Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor and any other holder of Founder Shares immediately
prior to the Public Offering; (v) Private Placement Units shall mean 675,000 private placement units (or up to 701,250
private placement units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the Company, each unit consisting of
one Ordinary Share (the Private Placement Share) and one share right (the Private Placement Share Right)
to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination,
that the Sponsor and the Underwriters have, severally and not jointly, agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $6,750,000
(or up to $7,012,500 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), at $10.00 per Private Placement Unit, in
private placements that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, the proportion of which are to be acquire
by the Sponsor and the Underwriters as disclosed in the Prospectus, (vi) Public Shareholders shall mean the holders
of securities issued in the Public Offering; (vii) Trust Account shall mean the trust fund into which a portion
of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited; and (viii) Transfer
shall mean the (a) sale or assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase
or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position
or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction
is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction
specified in clause (a) or (b).

4

12. This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto
in respect of the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties
hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision,
except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

13. Except as otherwise provided herein, no party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement
or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment
in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the
purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor and each Insider and their respective successors, heirs and
assigns and permitted transferees.

14. Nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person
or entity other than the parties hereto any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition,
stipulation, promise or agreement hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and agreements contained in this Letter Agreement
shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and
permitted transferees.

15. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and
each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but
one and the same instrument. Copies of executed counterparts of this Letter Agreement transmitted by electronic transmission (including
by email or in .pdf format) or facsimile as well as electronically or digitally executed counterparts (such as DocuSign) shall have the
same legal effect as original signatures and shall be considered irrevocable originally executed counterparts of this Letter Agreement.

16. This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of
any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision
hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added
as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and
be valid and enforceable.

17. This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. The parties hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating
in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction and venue, which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and venue or that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

18. Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions
of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail
(return receipt requested), by hand delivery or facsimile transmission.

19. This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods
or (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event
that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed by January 22, 2025; provided further that paragraph 4 of this Letter Agreement
shall survive such liquidation for a period of six years.

[Signature
Page Follows]

5

Sincerely,

HC
VII Sponsor LLC

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy

Title: Managing Member

/s/
Daniel J. Hennessy

Daniel
J. Hennessy

/s/
Thomas D. Hennessy

Thomas
D. Hennessy

/s/
Nicholas Geeza

Nicholas
Geeza

/s/
Grant Allen 

Grant
Allen

/s/
Brian Bonner

Brian
Bonner

/s/
Anna Brunelle

Anna
Brunelle

/s/
Javier Saade

Javier
Saade

/s/
Poonam Sharma

Poonam
Sharma

Acknowledged
and Agreed:

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII 

By: /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Execution
Version

INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This
Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 16, 2025, by and between
Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company), a Cayman Islands exempted company, and Odyssey Transfer and
Trust Company, a Minnesota corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS,
the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-283087) (the Registration Statement), and prospectus
(the Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units),
each of which consists of one of the Companys Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share (each, an Ordinary
Share), and one right to receive one-twelfth of one Ordinary Share (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as
the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;
and

WHEREAS,
the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Cohen & Company Capital
Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, as representative (the Representative) of the several underwriters
named therein (the Underwriters) named therein; and

WHEREAS,
as described in the Prospectus, $175,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined
in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $201,250,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered
to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust
Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as
hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein
as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the
Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);
and

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $7,000,000, or $8,050,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment
option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that may be payable by the Company to
the Underwriters upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement (such discounts and commissions, the Deferred Discount); and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall
hold the Property.

NOW
THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1.
Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a)
Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the
Trustee located in the United States at Wintrust Financial (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of
$50 billion or more that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably
satisfactory to the Company;

(b)
Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c)
Promptly upon receipt of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States
government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of
185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
(ii) hold the Property as uninvested cash or (iii) hold the Property in an interest-bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts
at a bank, in each case as determined by the Company; the Trustee may not invest in any other securities or assets, it being understood
that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and
while invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration;

(d)
Collect and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property,
as such term is used herein;

(e)
Promptly notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring
action by the Company;

(f)
Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys
preparation of tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation or completion of the audit
of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g)
Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed
by the Company to do so;

(h)
Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and
disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i)
Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter
from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit
A or Exhibit B, jointly signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer or other authorized
officer of the Company and, in the case of Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by the Representative, and complete the liquidation
of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account (net
of amounts withdrawn in accordance with this Agreement and net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released
to the Company to pay dissolution expenses, it being understood that the Trustee has no obligation to monitor or question the Companys
position that an allocation has been made for taxes payable), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred
to therein; provided, that, in the case a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A is received, or (y) upon the date which
is the later of (A) twenty-four (24) months after the closing of the Offering, and (B) such later date as may be approved by the Companys
shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as it may be amended
or amended and restated from time to time (the Articles), if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee
prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination
Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account (net
of amounts withdrawn in accordance with this Agreement and net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released
to the Company to pay dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j)
Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as
Exhibit C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company
the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any franchise or income tax obligation owed by the Company
as a result of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to
the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant
taxing authority; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax
obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make
such distribution so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided,
further, however, that if the tax to be paid is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution
shall be accompanied by a copy of the franchise tax bill for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial officer
of the Company setting forth the actual amount payable (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income
earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k)
Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as
Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination) or to
redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months
from the closing of the Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled
to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

(l)
Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially
similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit E (a Working Capital Withdrawal
Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property
requested by the Company to fund working capital requirements (a Working Capital Withdrawal), which amount
shall be delivered directly to the Company; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust
Account to fund such Working Capital Withdrawal, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated
by the Company in writing to make such distribution, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount initially deposited
in the Trust account. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive
evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; provided,
further, that Working Capital Withdrawal shall not exceed five percent (5%) of the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account per annum;

(m)
Not make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j), (k) or (l) above.

2.
Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a)
Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.
In addition, except with respect to its duties under Section 1(i), 1(j), 1(k) and 1(l) hereof, the Trustee
shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on any such written instructions, any verbal or telephonic advice or
instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give
written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b)
Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all reasonable and documented
expenses, including reasonable outside counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action
taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or
in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder,
or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees or its representatives
willful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall
notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall
have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee may obtain the consent of
the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further
that the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps
to mount such a defense. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company,
which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c)
Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time.
It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant
to Section 1(i) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee upon receipt of an invoice from the Trustee. The Company shall not be
responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c) and as may be provided in Section
2(b) hereof;

(d)
In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee an affidavit
or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business
Combination;

(e)
Provide the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with
respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f)
Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Representative, ensure that any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered
in connection with a Termination Letter in the Form of Exhibit A expressly provides that the Deferred Discount (as provided in the Underwriting
Agreement) be paid directly to the account or accounts directed by the Representative; and

(g)
Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee
to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement.

(h)
Within four (4) business days after the Underwriters exercise the over-allotment option (or any unexercised portion thereof) or such
over-allotment option expires, provide the Trustee with a notice in writing setting forth the total amount of the Deferred Discount (as
provided in the Underwriting Agreement).

3.
Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a)
Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement
and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b)
Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to
any party except for liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives willful misconduct, gross negligence
or fraud;

(c)
Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding
of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided
herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any reasonably incurred expenses incident
thereto;

(d)
Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e)
Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided
otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f)
The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted,
in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees or its representatives willful misconduct,
gross negligence or fraud. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate,
opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee with written notification to the Company, which counsel may be
the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity
and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee
believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee
shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms
hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or
rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g)
Verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h)
Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated
by the Registration Statement;

(i)
File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written
statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j)
Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities
relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited
to, franchise and income tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k)
Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i),
1(j), 1(k) and 1(l) hereof.

4.
Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it
may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets
outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

5.
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a)
If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable
efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time
that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this
Agreement (whether following the Trustee giving notice that it desires to resign under this Agreement or the Company otherwise electing
to replace the Trustee under this Agreement), the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee,
including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement
shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety
(90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited
with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such
deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever;

(b)
At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions
of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall
terminate except with respect to Section 2(b); or

(c)
If the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, or such later date agreed by the Company
and the Trustee, then any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or HC VII Sponsor LLC, a Nevada limited liability company (Sponsor),
or the Underwriters for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6.
Miscellaneous.

(a)
The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds
transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such
security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized
persons may have obtained access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers,
the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying
information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees
or its representatives willful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability
or out-of-pocket expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b)
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflict of laws principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may
be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign or other similar services and delivered by portable
document format (pdf) transmission) in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall
constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

(c)
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except
for Sections 1(i), 1(j), 1(k), 1(l) and 1(m) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted
without the affirmative vote of sixty five percent (65%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value
$0.0001 per share, of the Company voting together as a single class; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder
who has otherwise indicated his, her or its election to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote
sought to amend this Agreement), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct
a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d)
The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New
York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT,
EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e)
Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery, by
electronic mail or by facsimile transmission:

if
to the Trustee, to:

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Email:
clientsus@odysseytrust.com

if
to the Company, to:

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

Attn:
Chief Financial Officer

Email:
ngeeza@hennessycapitalgroup.com

in
each case, with copies to:

Sidley
Austin LLP

787
7th Avenue

New
York, New York 10019

Attn:
Michael P. Heinz

Email:
mheinz@sidley.com

and

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets,

a
division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

3
Columbus Circle, 24th Floor

New
York, NY 10019

Attn:
Brandon Sun

Email:
bsun@cohencm.com

and

Ellenoff
Grossman & Schole LLP

1345
6th Avenue

New
York, New York 10105

Attn:
Stuart Neuhauser

Email:
sneuhauser@egsllp.com

(f)
Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into
this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall
not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the
Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g)
This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation,
negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h)
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or electronic
transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

(i)
Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(j)
Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person
or entity without the prior written consent of the other party.

[Signature
page follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: /s/
Rebecca Paulson 

Name:
Rebecca
Paulson 

Title:
President 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name:
Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title:
Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature
Page to Investment Management Trust Agreement]

SCHEDULE
A

Fee
Schedule

Trust
Agreement one-time acceptance fee 

Annual
administrative fee 

Disbursement/withdrawal
processing fee (per payment) 

Shareholder
redemption processing fee (per redemption) 

Liquidation
of the trust 

Asset
management fee 

Out
of pocket expenses 

EXHIBIT
A

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

[Insert
date]

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Re:
Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear
[]:

Pursuant
to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company)
and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with the Target Business
(the Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72)
hours in advance of the actual date (or such shorter time period as you may agree) of the consummation of the Business Combination (Consummation
Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account
and to transfer the proceeds into the trust operating account to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in
the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division
of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (the Representative) (with respect to the Deferred Discount, as provided in the Underwriting
Agreement) and the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in
the trust operating account awaiting distribution, neither the Company nor the Representative will earn any interest.

On
the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated,
or will be consummated substantially, concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification)
and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) an affidavit or a certificate by the Companys Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held
and (b) joint written instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the
Trust Account, including payment of the Deferred Discount (as provided in the Underwriting Agreement) from the Trust Account (the Instruction
Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt
of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits
held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the
same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation
Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related
to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In
the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified
you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions
from the Company, the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business
day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in the notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very
truly yours, 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: 

Name:

Title: 

Agreed
and acknowledged by: 

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets,

a
division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

EXHIBIT
B

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

[Insert
date]

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Re:
Trust Account - Termination Letter

Dear
[]:

Pursuant
to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company)
and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with a Target Business (the Business Combination) within the time frame specified
in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as described in the Companys Prospectus relating
to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to
transfer the total proceeds into the trust operating account to await distribution to the Public Shareholders. The Company has selected
[] as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of
the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute
said funds directly to the Companys Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, your obligations under the Trust
Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement.

Very
truly yours, 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT
C

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

[Insert
date]

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Re:
Trust Account - Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Dear
[]:

Pursuant
to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company)
and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The
Company needs such funds to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with
the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your
receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE
INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very
truly yours, 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT
D

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

[Insert
date]

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Re:
Trust Account - Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear
[]:

Pursuant
to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company)
and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders on behalf of the Company $[] of the principal
and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The
Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company
in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys
initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if it does not complete its initial Business Combination
within such time as is described in the Companys amended and restated certificate of memorandum and articles of association or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming
Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very
truly yours, 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT
E

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

[Insert
date]

Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company

2155
Woodlane Drive, Suite 100

Woodbury,
MN 55125

Attn:
Client Services

Re:
Trust Account - Permitted Withdrawal Instruction

Dear
[]:

Pursuant
to Section 1(l) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company)
and Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of January 16, 2025 (the Trust Agreement),
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The
Company needs such funds to fund its working capital requirements. For the current year ending [], $[] has been disbursed
to date (including the amounts requested hereunder) pursuant to Section 1(l) of the Trust Agreement. In accordance with the terms of
the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of
this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE
INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very
truly yours, 

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-3.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

Execution Version

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 16, 2025, is made and entered into by and among
Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), HC VII Sponsor LLC, a Nevada
limited liability company (the Sponsor), Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group,
LLC (Cohen), Loop Capital Markets LLC (Loop Capital) and Clear Street LLC (Clear
Street and, together with Cohen and Loop Capital, the IPO Underwriters) and the undersigned parties listed
under Holders on the signature page hereto (each such party, together with the Sponsor and any person or entity who hereafter becomes
a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 5.2 of this Agreement, a Holder and collectively the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Sponsor have entered into that certain Amended & Restated Founder Share Subscription Agreement, dated as of January
10, 2025, pursuant to which the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,708,333 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Class B Ordinary Shares), of the Company (up to 875,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised) (the Founder Shares);

WHEREAS,
the Sponsor subsequently transferred an aggregate of 1,130,000 Class B Ordinary Shares to the Companys independent directors and
certain executive officers;

WHEREAS,
the Founder Shares are convertible into the Companys Class A Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary
Shares), on the terms and conditions provided in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;

WHEREAS,
on January 16, 2025, the Sponsor and the IPO Underwriters each entered into a private placement unit purchase agreement, pursuant to
which the Sponsor and the IPO Underwriters agreed to purchase an aggregate of 675,000 private placement units (or up to 701,250 private
placement units if the over-allotment option in connection with the Companys initial public offering is exercised in full) (the
Private Placement Units), each unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (the Private Placement Share)
and one share right (the Private Placement Share Right) to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Ordinary Share upon
the consummation of the Companys initial business combination, in a private placement transaction occurring simultaneously with
the closing of the Companys initial public offering;

WHEREAS,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of
the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officer and directors may loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which
up to $2,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement units (Working Capital Units) at a price
of $10.00 per private placement unit; and

WHEREAS,
the Company and the Holders desire to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration
rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby
agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings
set forth below:

Adverse
Disclosure shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment
of the Chief Executive Officer or principal financial officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would
be required to be made in any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not
to contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
(in the case of any prospectus and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading,
(ii) would not be required to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii) the Company has a bona
fide business purpose for not making such information public.

Agreement
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

Business
Combination shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities, involving the Company.

Business
Day means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions
are generally authorized or required by law or regulation to close in the City of New York, New York.

Class
B Ordinary Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Commission
shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.2.

Demanding
Holder shall mean any Holder or group of Holders that (in the case of a group of Holders, together) elects to dispose of Registrable
Securities having an aggregate value of at least $25 million, at the time of the Underwritten Demand, under a Registration Statement
pursuant to an Underwritten Offering.

Exchange
Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

Form
S-1 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.2.

Form
S-3 shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.3.

Founder
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto and shall be deemed to include the Ordinary Shares issuable upon
conversion thereof.

Founder
Shares Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, until 180 days after completion of the initial Business
Combination; notwithstanding the foregoing, on the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares
for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares shall be released from lock-up.

Holders
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider
Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 16, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each
of the Companys officers, directors and director nominees.

IPO
Underwriters shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Maximum
Number of Securities shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.5.

Misstatement
shall mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus, or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Ordinary
Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Permitted
Transferees shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable
Securities prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-up Period or Private Placement Lock-up Period, as the case may be, and
pursuant to the Insider Letter and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company, in each case for so long as such
agreements remain in effect, and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggyback
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private
Placement Lock-up Period shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units that are held by the initial purchasers of such
Private Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the Private Placement Units and any of the securities underlying the Private
Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and
the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement Share Rights, that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement
Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending 30 days after the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination.

Private
Placement Share or Private Placement Shares shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Private
Placement Share Right or Private Placement Share Rights shall have the meaning given in the Recitals
hereto.

Private
Placement Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

Prospectus
shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended
by any and all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable
Securities shall mean (a) the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the conversion of any Founder Shares, (b) the Private
Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and
the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement Share Rights), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or any other equity security
(including, without limitation, the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security, units comprising
Ordinary Shares and share rights, and share rights) of the Company held by a Holder from time to time, (d) any equity securities (including
the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any
working capital loans in an amount up to $2,500,000 made to the Company by a Holder (including the Working Capital Units and any Private
Placement Shares, any Private Placement Share Rights included in the Working Capital Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private
Placement Share Rights) and (e) any other equity security of the Company issued or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Shares
by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or reorganization;
provided, however, that, as to any particular Registrable Security, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities
when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and
such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such
securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer
shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the
Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D) such securities have been sold without registration pursuant
to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated by the Commission); or (E) such securities have been
sold to, or through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration
shall mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration
Expenses shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A)
all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed;

(B)
fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters
in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C)
printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D)
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E)
reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection
with such Registration; and

(F)
reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand
Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration
Statement shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements
to such registration statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

Requesting
Holder shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Securities
Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf
Registration shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Sponsor
shall have the meaning given in the Preamble hereto.

Underwriter
shall mean a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such
dealers market-making activities.

Underwritten
Demand shall have the meaning given in Subsection 2.1.4.

Underwritten
Registration or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are
sold to an Underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Working
Capital Units shall have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

ARTICLE
II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1
Shelf Registration and Demand Registration.

2.1.1
Shelf Registration. The Company agrees that, within thirty (30) days after the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company
will file with the Commission (at the Companys sole cost and expense) a Registration Statement registering the resale or other
disposition of the Registrable Securities (a Shelf Registration). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause such Registration Statement to become effective by the Commission as soon as reasonably practicable after the initial filing
of the Registration Statement. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, the Company shall effect any Shelf Registration
on such appropriate registration form of the Commission (i) as shall be selected by the Company and (ii) as shall permit the resale or
other disposition of the Registrable Securities by the Holders. If at any time a Registration Statement filed with the Commission pursuant
to subsection 2.1.1 is effective and a Holder provides written notice to the Company that it intends to effect an offering of all or
part of the Registrable Securities included on such Registration Statement, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to amend
or supplement such Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to enable such offering to take place in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement.

2.1.2
Request for Registration. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.5 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time
on or after the date the Company consummates the Business Combination, to the extent that any Registrable Securities are not registered
pursuant to the Shelf Registration a Demanding Holder may make a written demand for Registration of all or part of their Registrable
Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration and the intended
method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration). The Company shall, within three (3)
Business Days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders of Registrable Securities
of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable
Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all or a portion of such Holders
Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Demanding Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within
five (5) Business Days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written
notification from one or more Demanding Holder(s) to the Company, such Demanding Holder(s) shall be entitled to have their Registrable
Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter as practicable,
but not more than forty five (45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, the Registration of
all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holders and Demanding Holders pursuant to such Demand Registration. Under no circumstances
shall the Company be obligated to effect more than three (3) Registrations in the aggregate pursuant to Demand Registrations under this
subsection 2.1.2, with respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for
such purposes unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1)
has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting
Holders (subject to subsection 2.1.5) in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this
Agreement.

2.1.3
Effective Registration. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2.1.2 above or any other part of this Agreement, a
Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed
with the Commission with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and
(ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further,
that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant
to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or
any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared
effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly
notify the Company in writing, but in no event later than five (5) days, of such election; provided, further, that the
Company shall not be obligated or required to file another Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously
filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

2.1.4
Underwritten Offering. Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.1.5 and Section 2.4 hereof, any Demanding Holder
may make a written demand for an Underwritten Offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed with the Commission in accordance with
subsection 2.1.1 or subsection 2.1.2 (an Underwritten Demand). The Company shall, within three (3)
Business Days of the Companys receipt of the Underwritten Demand, notify, in writing, all other Holders of such demand, and each
Holder who thereafter requests to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering
pursuant to such Underwritten Demand (each such Holder that requests to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities
in such Underwritten Offering, a Requesting Holder) shall so notify the Company, in writing, within two (2) days
(one (1) day if such offering is an overnight or bought Underwritten Offering) after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the
Company. Upon receipt by the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s), such Requesting Holder(s) shall be
entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in such Underwritten Offering pursuant to such Underwritten Demand. All such Holders
proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through such Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.4 shall enter
into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Demanding Holders
initiating such Underwritten Offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company is not obligated to effect more than an aggregate of
three (3) Underwritten Offerings pursuant to this subsection 2.1.4.

2.1.5
Reduction of Underwritten Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a
Demand Registration, in good faith, advises the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the
dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken
together with all other Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any,
as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other
shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten
Offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success
of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities),
then the Company shall include in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders
and the Requesting Holders (if any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder
and Requesting Holder (if any) holds prior to such Underwritten Registration) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to
separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i)
and (ii), Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Securities.

2.1.6
Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest
of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a Registration under subsection 2.1.2 shall have the right to withdraw from a
Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter
or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
filed with the Commission with respect to the Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with
a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.1.6.

2.2
Piggyback Registration.

2.2.1
Piggyback Rights. If, at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination, the Company proposes to
file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the
Company (or by the Company and by the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof),
other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange
offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible
into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed
filing to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than three (3) Business Days before the anticipated
filing date of such Registration Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such
offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such
offering, and (B) offer to all of the Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable
Securities as such Holders may request in writing within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration
a Piggyback Registration). The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in
such Piggyback Registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten
Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggyback
Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such
Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.
The Company may postpone or withdraw the filing or the effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole discretion.

2.2.2
Reduction of Piggyback Registration. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be
a Piggyback Registration, in good faith, advises the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggyback
Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i)
the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons
or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has
been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof, and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number
of Securities, then:

(a)
If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable
Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof and
Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of
other shareholders of the Company (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each shareholder holds
prior to such Underwritten Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b)
If the Registration is pursuant to a request by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company
shall include in any such Registration (A) first, Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities,
other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to
the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders
exercising their rights to register their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 and Ordinary Shares or other equity
securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to separate written contractual
arrangements with such persons or entities (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each shareholder
holds prior to such Underwritten Registration), which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third,
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), Ordinary Shares or
other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.2.3
Piggyback Registration Withdrawal. Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggyback Registration
for any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or
its intention to withdraw from such Piggyback Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission
with respect to such Piggyback Registration. The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for
withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission
in connection with a Piggyback Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggyback
Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4
Unlimited Piggyback Registration Rights. For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3
Registrations on Form S-3. The Holders of Registrable Securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that
the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission if so requested),
register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may
be available at such time (Form S-3). Within three (3) Business Days of the Companys receipt of a written
request from a Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities for a Registration on Form S-3, the Company shall promptly give written notice
of the proposed Registration on Form S-3 to all other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who
thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration on Form S-3 shall so
notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable
thereafter, but not more than twelve (12) days after the Companys initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on
Form S-3, the Company shall register all or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written
request, together with all or such portion of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified
in the written notification given by such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated
to effect any such Registration pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof if (i) a Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the
Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such
Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public
of less than $25,000,000.

Any
request for an underwritten offering pursuant to a Form S-3 shall follow the procedures of Section 2.1 (including Section 2.1.5)
but shall not count against the number of long form Demand Registrations that may be made pursuant to Section 2.1.2.

2.4
Restrictions on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys
good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of,
a Company initiated Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of
a Demand Registration pursuant to subsection 2.1.2 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts
to cause the applicable Registration Statement to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the
Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith
judgment of the Board such Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is
essential to defer the filing of such Registration Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders
a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would be seriously detrimental
to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential to defer the filing
of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period of not more than thirty
(30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any 12-month
period.

ARTICLE
III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1
General Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company is required
to effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the
sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall,
as expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1
prepare and file with the Commission as soon as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and
use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement have been sold;

3.1.2
prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements
to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or any Underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by the rules,
regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and regulations
thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement are sold
in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3
prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters,
if any, and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such
Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including
all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including
each preliminary Prospectus), and such other documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such
Registration or the legal counsel for any such Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Holders;

3.1.4
prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered
by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the
Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request
and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with
or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do
any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such
Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however,
that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required
to qualify or take any action to which it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it
is not then otherwise so subject;

3.1.5
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation
system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6
provide a transfer agent or share rights agent, as applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective
date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7
advise each seller of such Registrable Securities, promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance
of any stop order by the Commission suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any
proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal
if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8
at least five (5) days prior to the filing of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration
Statement or Prospectus or any document that is to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or Prospectus, furnish
a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel;

3.1.9
notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities
Act, of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes
a Misstatement, and then to correct such Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10
permit a representative of the Holders, the Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter
to participate, at each such persons own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys
officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or
accountant in connection with the Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into
a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any
such information;

3.1.11
obtain a cold comfort letter from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten
Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the
managing Underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12
on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel
representing the Company for the purposes of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any,
and the Underwriters, if any, covering such legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being
given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions
and negative assurance letters, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13
in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary
form, with the managing Underwriter of such offering;

3.1.14
make available to its security holders, as soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve
(12) months beginning with the first day of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration
Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule
promulgated thereafter by the Commission), and which requirement will be deemed to be satisfied if the Company timely files complete
and accurate information on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K under the Exchange Act and otherwise complies with Rule 158 under the Securities
Act;

3.1.15
if the Registration involves the Registration of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable
efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may
be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

3.1.16
otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in
connection with such Registration, including, without limitation, making available senior executives of the Company to participate in
any due diligence sessions that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any Underwritten Offering.

3.2
Registration Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the
Holders that the Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters
commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration
Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3
Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities
of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons
securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary
questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be
reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4
Suspension of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus
contains a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has
received copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants
to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised
in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion
in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control,
the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend
use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than thirty (30) days, determined in good faith
by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders
agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating to any Registration
in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration
of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5
Reporting Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting
company under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace
period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
and to promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take
such further action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell
Ordinary Shares held by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any
legal opinions. Upon the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized
officer as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

3.6
Limitations of Registration Rights. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the IPO Underwriters and/or their respective
designees may not exercise their rights under Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereunder after five (5) and seven (7) years
from the commencement of sales relating to the Companys initial public offering, respectively, and (ii) the IPO Underwriters
and/or their respective designees may not exercise their rights under Section 2.1 more than one time.

ARTICLE
IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1
Indemnification.

4.1.1
The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, directors and agents
and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) caused by any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material
fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or
any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly
for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and each person who controls such Underwriters
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to the indemnification of the
Holder.

4.1.2
In connection with any Registration Statement in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish
to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration
Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each
person who controls the Company (within the meaning of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket
expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact contained
in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission of
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to the extent that
such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder expressly for use
therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several, among such Holders
of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to and limited to the
net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of
Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters (within
the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3
Any person entitled to indemnification herein shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect
to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to
indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified
partys reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to
such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified
party without its consent (but such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects
not to, assume the defense of a claim shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified
by such indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest
may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party
shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be
settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement)
or which settlement does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party
of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4
The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or
on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer, director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer
of securities. The Company and each Holder of Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions
as are reasonably requested by any indemnified party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders
indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

4.1.5
If the indemnification provided under Section 4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying
party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result
of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault
of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question,
including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made
by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified
partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however,
that the liability of any Holder under this subsection 4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such
Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities
referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3
above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation
or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty
of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

ARTICLE
V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Notices. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail,
addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person
or by courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or
facsimile. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently
given, served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third Business Day following the date on which it is mailed
and, in the case of notices delivered by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail, telecopy, telegram or facsimile, at such time
as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused
by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: 195 US
Hwy 50, Suite 309, Zephr Cover, Nevada 89448, Attn: Daniel J. Hennessy, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address or contact
information as set forth in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time
to time by written notice to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery
of such notice as provided in this Section 5.1.

5.2
Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1
This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole
or in part.

5.2.2
A Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to a Permitted
Transferee who agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in this Agreement.

5.2.3
This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors
and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4
This Agreement shall not confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth
in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5
No assignment by any party hereto of such partys rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the
Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof
and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions
of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment
made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign or other
similar services and delivered by portable document format (pdf) transmission) in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4
Governing Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES
EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS
AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
OF SUCH JURISDICTION AND (II) THE VENUE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW
YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

EACH
PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

5.5
Amendments and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the
Registrable Securities at the time in question (which majority interest must include the IPO Underwriters if such amendment or modification
affects in any way the rights of the IPO Underwriters hereunder), compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set
forth in this Agreement may be waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided,
however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in
his, her or its capacity as a holder of the shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in
such capacity) shall require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other
party hereto or any failure or delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement
shall operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies
under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder
by such party.

5.6
Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities has
any right to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any
Registration filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the
Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms
and conditions and in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall prevail.

5.7
Term. This Agreement shall terminate upon the date as of which (A) all of the Registrable Securities have been sold pursuant to
a Registration Statement (but in no event prior to the applicable period referred to in Section 4(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Rule
174 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission)) or (B) the Holders of all Registrable Securities are
permitted to sell the Registrable Securities under Rule 144 (or any similar provision) under the Securities Act without limitation on
the amount of securities sold or the manner of sale. The provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[Signature
pages follow]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII,

a
Cayman Islands exempted company

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

HOLDERS:

HC
VII Sponsor LLC,

a
Nevada limited liability company

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy

Title: Managing
Member

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC

By: 

/s/
Jerry Serowick

Name:
Jerry
Serowick

Title: Senior
Managing Director

Loop
Capital Markets LLC

By: 

/s/
Sidney Dillard

Name: Sidney
Dillard

Title: Authorized
Signatory

Clear
Street LLC

By: 

/s/
Ryan Gerety

Name: Ryan
Gerety

Title: Authorized
Signatory

/s/
Daniel J. Hennesy

Daniel
J. Hennessy

/s/
Thomas D. Hennessy

Thomas
D. Hennessy

/s/
Nicholas Geeza

Nicholas
Geeza

/s/
Grant Allen

Grant
Allen

/s/
Brian Bonner

Brian
Bonner

/s/
Anna Brunelle

Anna
Brunelle

/s/
Javier Saade

Javier
Saade

/s/
Poonam Sharma

Poonam
Sharma

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-4.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

January
16, 2025

HC
VII Sponsor LLC

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

Re:
Administrative Support Agreement

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter agreement by and between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company) and HC VII Sponsor LLC (Hennessy
Capital), dated as of the date hereof, will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the date the securities of the Company
are first listed on The Nasdaq Global Market (the Listing Date), pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1
and prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) and continuing
until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or the Companys liquidation (in each case
as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date):

(i)
Hennessy Capital shall make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, at 195 US Hwy 50, Suite 309, Zephyr Cove, Nevada
89448 (or any successor location of Hennessy Capital), certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as
may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay Hennessy Capital the sum of $15,000 per month
on the Listing Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date; and

(ii)
Hennessy Capital hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of,
or arising out of, this letter agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any
amounts due to it out of, the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially
all of the proceeds of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result
of, or arising out of, this letter agreement, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce,
encumber or otherwise adversely affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to
seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever.

This
letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes
all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in
any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

This
letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the
parties hereto.

No
party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee.

This
letter agreement constitutes the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded
in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of
the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of law principles.

[Signature
Page Follows]

Very
truly yours,

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy

Name:
Daniel J. Hennessy

Title:
Chief Executive Officer

AGREED
TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

HC
VII Sponsor LLC 

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title: Managing
Member 

[Signature
Page to Administrative Support Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-5.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.5

Execution Version

PRIVATE
PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 16, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement),
is entered into between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
and HC VII Sponsor LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the state of Nevada (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS,
the Company intends to consummate an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of the Companys
units, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share),
and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination
(the Initial Business Combination), as set forth in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), File No. 333-283087, under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

WHEREAS,
the Purchaser has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 units (whether or not the underwriters option to purchase additional
units in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full or at all) (the Private Placement Units),
each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (each a Private Placement Share) and one right
(the Private Share Right) to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the
Initial Business Combination.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section
1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A. Authorization
of the Private Placement Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, including the
Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private
Share Rights, to the Purchaser.

B. Purchase
and Sale of the Private Placement Units. On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date
as may be mutually agreed by the Purchaser and the Company (the Closing Date), the Company shall issue and
sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Company an aggregate of 500,000 Private Placement Units at a price of
$10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall be paid by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Closing Date in accordance with the
Companys wiring instructions. On the Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchaser of the Purchase Price, the Company, at its
option, shall deliver a certificate evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchaser on such date duly registered in
the Purchasers name to the Purchaser, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C. Terms
of the Private Placement Units.

(i) Each
Private Placement Unit shall have the terms set forth in herein. Each Private Share Right shall have the terms set forth in a Share Rights
Agreement dated the date hereof (the Share Rights Agreement) by and between the Company and Odyssey Transfer
and Trust Company (the Share Rights Agent).

(ii) At
the time of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchaser shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the Purchaser relating to the
Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and
the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights.

Section
2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and purchase
the Private Placement Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser (which representations and warranties shall
survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Incorporation
and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company with limited liability duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably
be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets of the Company. The Company possesses
all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Share Rights
Agreement.

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) The
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private
Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights, have been duly authorized
by the Company as of the Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
law). Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement, the Private
Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary
Shares underlying such Private Share Rights, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with their respective terms as of the Closing Date.

2

(ii) The
execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, including the Private
Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share
Rights, and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of
the Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under, (c)
result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under, (d) result
in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration to, or
filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended at or prior to completion of the contemplated Public
Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree
to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

C. Title
to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Share Rights Agreement, as applicable,
and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares
and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights will be
duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, and
upon registration in the books maintained by or on behalf of the Company for the registration and
transfer of the Private Placement Units or the Companys register of members (in the case of the Ordinary Shares issuable
upon conversion of the Private Share Rights), the Purchaser will have good title to the Private Placement Units, including the Private
Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share
Rights, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder, under the letter
agreement entered into among the Company and its insiders, and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions
under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchaser.

D. Governmental
Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority is required
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company of any
other transactions contemplated hereby.

E. Regulation
D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or beneficial shareholders
of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation
D under the Securities Act.

Section
3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue
and sell the Private Placement Units to the Purchaser, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which representations
and warranties shall survive the Closing Date) that:

A. Organization
and Requisite Authority. The Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

3

B. Authorization;
No Breach.

(i) This
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors
rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii) The
execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by the Purchaser
does not and shall not as of the Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by the Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions
of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

C. Investment
Representations.

(i) The
Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private
Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights (collectively, the Securities),
for the Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any
public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii) The
Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Purchaser has not
experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii) The
Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and
the Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv) The
Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the meaning
of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v) The
Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating
to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by the Purchaser. The Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to
ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. The Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed
investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

4

(vi) The
Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made
any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by the Purchaser
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii) The
Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2) sold in reliance
on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company nor any
other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with
the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of
securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at
any time previously a shell company, the Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition if the following
conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (ii) the issuer
of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required
to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports
and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form
10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

(viii) The
Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with investments
in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment
in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated hereunder for an
indefinite period of time. The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies and will have
no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. The Purchaser can
afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

Section
4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchaser to purchase and pay for the Private Placement
Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct at and
as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

5

C. No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

D. Share
Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration
Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory to the Purchaser.

Section
5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchaser under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A. Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct at and
as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B. Performance.
The Purchaser shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement that are
required to be performed or complied with by the Purchaser on or before such Closing Date.

C. Corporate
Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D. No
Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

E. Share
Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration
Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section
6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time after March 31, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the
Purchaser upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section
7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing
Date.

Section
8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration
statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

6

Section
9. Miscellaneous.

A. Successors
and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement by or on behalf
of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so expressed
or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments
by the Purchaser to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

B. Severability.
Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign or other similar services and
delivered by portable document format (pdf) transmission) in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all
of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

D. Descriptive
Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive
part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation.

E. Governing
Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F. Amendments.
This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all
parties hereto.

[Signature
Page Follows]

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY: 

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII 

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

PURCHASER: 

HC
VII SPONSOR LLC, 

a
Nevada limited liability company 

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel
J. Hennessy 

Title: Managing
Member 

[Signature Page to Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex10-6.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.6

Execution
Version

PRIVATE
PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS
PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNITS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 16, 2025 (as it may from time to time be amended, this Agreement),
is entered into between Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company),
Cohen & Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (Cohen), Loop Capital Markets
LLC (Loop) and Clear Street LLC (Clear Street and, together with Cohen and Loop,
the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
the Company intends to consummate an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of the Companys
units, each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (an Ordinary Share),
and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination
(the Initial Business Combination), as set forth in the Companys Registration Statement on Form S-1,
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), File No. 333-283087, under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

WHEREAS,
the Purchasers have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 175,000 units (or up to 201,250 units if the underwriters option to purchase
additional units in connection with the Public Offering is exercised in full) (the Private Placement Units),
each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share (each a Private Placement Share) and one right
(the Private Share Right) to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the
Initial Business Combination.

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

Section
1. Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Private Placement Units.

A.
Authorization of the Private Placement Units. The Company has duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units,
including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying
such Private Share Rights, to the Purchasers.

B.
Purchase and Sale of the Private Placement Units.

(i)
On the date of the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchasers and
the Company (the Initial Closing Date), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers
shall purchase from the Company an aggregate of 175,000 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Units for
an aggregate purchase price of $1,750,000 (the Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Initial Closing Date in accordance with the Companys wiring
instructions. Of the 175,000 Private Placement Units sold to the Purchasers, Cohen shall purchase 122,500 Private Placement Units at
a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $1,225,000, Loop shall purchase 26,250 Private Placement
Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $260,250, and Clear Street shall purchase 26,250
Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $260,250. On the Initial Closing
Date, upon the payment by the Purchasers of the Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate evidencing the
Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchasers on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the Purchasers, or
effect such delivery in book-entry form.

(ii)
On the date of the consummation of the closing of the over-allotment option in connection with the Public Offering or on such earlier
time and date as may be mutually agreed by the Purchasers and the Company (the Over-Allotment Closing Date
and together with the Initial Closing Date, the Closing Dates and each, a Closing Date),
the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the Purchasers shall purchase from the Company up to 26,250 Private Placement
Units (or, to the extent the over-allotment option is not exercised in full, a lesser number of Private Placement Units in proportion
to the portion of the over-allotment option that is exercised) at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Units for an aggregate purchase
price of up to $260,250 (the Over-Allotment Purchase Price), which shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the Company at least one business day prior to the Over-Allotment Closing Date in accordance with the Companys
wiring instructions. Of the up to 26,250 Private Placement Units (or, to the extent the over-allotment option is not exercised in full,
a lesser number of Private Placement Units in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that is exercised) which will be
sold in connection with such Over-Allotment Closing Date, Cohen shall purchase up to 18,374 Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00
per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of up to $183,740, Loop shall purchase up to 3,938 Private Placement Units
at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of up to $39,380, and Clear Street shall purchase 3,938
Private Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Placement Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $39,380. On the Over-Allotment
Closing Date, upon the payment by the Purchasers of the Over-Allotment Purchase Price, the Company, at its option, shall deliver a certificate
evidencing the Private Placement Units purchased by the Purchasers on such date duly registered in the Purchasers name to the
Purchasers, or effect such delivery in book-entry form.

C.
Terms of the Private Placement Units.

(i)
Each Private Placement Unit shall have the terms set forth in herein. Each Private Share Right shall have the terms set forth in a Share
Rights Agreement dated the date hereof (the Share Rights Agreement) by and between the Company and Odyssey
Transfer and Trust Company (the Share Rights Agent).

(ii)
At the time of the closing of the Public Offering, the Company and the Purchasers shall enter into a registration rights agreement (the
Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights to the
Purchasers relating to the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private
Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights.

2

Section
2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. As a material inducement to the Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and purchase
the Private Placement Units, the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchasers (which representations and warranties shall
survive each Closing Date) that:

A.
Incorporation and Corporate Power. The Company is an exempted company with limited liability duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and is qualified to do business in every jurisdiction in which the failure
to so qualify would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, operating results or assets
of the Company. The Company possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement.

B.
Authorization; No Breach.

(i)
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and
Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights, have been
duly authorized by the Company as of each Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or law). Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms of this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement,
the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units
and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable
in accordance with their respective terms as of each Closing Date.

(ii)
The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units, including the Private
Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share
Rights, and the fulfillment of, and compliance with, the respective terms hereof and thereof by the Company, do not and will not as of
each Closing Date (a) conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b) constitute a default under,
(c) result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Companys equity or assets under, (d)
result in a violation of, or (e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or notice or declaration
to, or filing with, any court or administrative or governmental body or agency pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of the Company in effect on the date hereof or as may be amended at or prior to completion of the contemplated Public
Offering, or any material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree
to which the Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date hereof under federal or state securities laws.

3

C.
Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Share Rights Agreement,
as applicable, and upon registration in the Companys register of members, the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement
Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof,
and upon registration in the books maintained by or on behalf of the Company for the registration
and transfer of the Private Placement Units or the Companys register of members (in the case of the Ordinary Shares issuable
upon conversion of the Private Share Rights), the Purchasers will have good title to the Private Placement Units, including the Private
Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share
Rights, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder, under the letter
agreement entered into among the Company and its insiders, and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, (ii) transfer restrictions
under federal and state securities laws, and (iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the Purchasers.

D.
Governmental Consents. No permit, consent, approval or authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental authority
is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the Company
of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

E.
Regulation D Qualification. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its affiliates, members, officers, directors or
beneficial shareholders of 20% or more of its outstanding securities, has experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to
Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

Section
3. Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement and issue
and sell the Private Placement Units to each Purchaser, each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, hereby represents and warrants to
the Company (which representations and warranties shall survive each Closing Date) that:

A.
Organization and Requisite Authority. Such Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

B.
Authorization; No Breach.

(i)
This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors
rights and to general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

(ii)
The execution and delivery by such Purchaser of this Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof by such Purchaser
does not and shall not as of each Closing Date conflict with or result in a breach by such Purchaser of the terms, conditions or provisions
of any agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which such Purchaser is subject.

4

C.
Investment Representations.

(i)
Such Purchaser is acquiring the Private Placement Units, including the Private Placement Shares and Private Share Rights included in
the Private Placement Units and the Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Share Rights (collectively, the Securities),
for such Purchasers own account, for investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, any
public sale or distribution thereof.

(ii)
Such Purchaser is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and such Purchaser
has not experienced a disqualifying event as enumerated pursuant to Rule 506(d) of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

(iii)
Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration
requirements of the United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and
such Purchasers compliance with, the representations and warranties of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to acquire such Securities.

(iv)
Such Purchaser did not decide to enter into this Agreement as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within the
meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act.

(v)
Such Purchaser has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating
to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by such Purchaser. Such Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity
to ask questions of the executive officers and directors of the Company. Such Purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed
investment decision with respect to the acquisition of the Securities.

(vi)
Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on
or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by such
Purchaser nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(vii)
Such Purchaser understands that: (a) the Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder or (2)
sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the
Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws
or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. While such Purchaser understands that Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company, such Purchaser understands that Rule 144 includes an exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: (i) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
(ii) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act); (iii) the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and
material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to
file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and (iv) at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed
current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

5

(viii)
Such Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk associated with
investments in the securities of companies in the development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of an investment in the Securities and is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the amount contemplated
hereunder for an indefinite period of time. Such Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its current financial needs and contingencies
and will have no current or anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by the investment in the Securities. Such
Purchaser can afford a complete loss of its investment in the Securities.

(ix)
Such Purchaser acknowledges that the Private Placement Units and their component parts and the related registration rights will be deemed
compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and will therefore, pursuant to FINRA
Rule 5110(e), be subject to lock-up for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales in the Public Offering, subject to certain
limited exceptions to permitted transferees in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). The Private Placement Units and their component
parts and the related registration rights may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of such securities by any person for a
period of 180 days from the commencement of sales in the Public Offering.

Section
4. Conditions of the Purchasers Obligations. The obligation of the Purchasers to purchase and pay for the Private Placement
Units is subject to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A.
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true
and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B.
Performance. The Company shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement
that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before such Closing Date.

C.
No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted,
entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization
having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

6

D.
Share Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration
Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory to the Purchasers.

Section
5. Conditions of the Companys Obligations. The obligations of the Company to the Purchasers under this Agreement are subject
to the fulfillment, on or before each Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

A.
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained in Section 3 shall be true
and correct at and as of such Closing Date as though then made.

B.
Performance. The Purchasers shall have performed and complied with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this
Agreement that are required to be performed or complied with by the Purchasers on or before such Closing Date.

C.
Corporate Consents. The Company shall have obtained the consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the Share Rights Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Private Placement Units hereunder.

D.
No Injunction. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted,
entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization
having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

E.
Share Rights Agreement. The Company shall have entered into the Share Rights Agreement with the Share Rights Agent and the Registration
Rights Agreement, each on terms satisfactory to the Company.

Section
6. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time after March 31, 2025 upon the election by either the Company or the
Purchasers upon written notice to the other party if the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section
7. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall survive each Closing
Date.

Section
8. Definitions. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the registration
statement on Form S-1 the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the Securities Act.

Section
9. Miscellaneous.

A.
Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement
by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether
so expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other
than assignments by the Purchasers to affiliates thereof (including, without limitation one or more of its members).

7

B.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

C.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including executed manually or electronically via DocuSign or other
similar services and delivered by portable document format (pdf) transmission) in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

D.
Descriptive Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not
constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example
rather than by limitation.

E.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes
shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

F.
Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument
executed by all parties hereto.

[Signature
Page Follows]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above.

COMPANY:

HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

By: /s/
Daniel J. Hennessy 

Name: Daniel J. Hennessy 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

PURCHASERS:

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets,

a
division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC 

By: /s/
Jerry Serowick 

Name: Jerry Serowick 

Title: Managing Director 

CLEAR STREET
LLC

By: /s/
Ryan Gerety 

Name: Ryan Gerety 

Title: Managing Director 

Loop Capital
Markets LLC

By: /s/
Sidney Dillard 

Name: Sidney Dillard 

Title: Authorized Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-7.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.7

Execution
Version

INDEMNITY
AGREEMENT

THIS
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of January 16, 2025 by and between Hennessy Capital Investment
Corp. VII, a Cayman Islands exempted company, limited by shares (the Company), and [] (Indemnitee).

RECITALS

WHEREAS,
the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for
the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, persons who
serve the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Company Group) to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (as may be amended and
/ or restated from time to time, the Charter);

WHEREAS,
while the Charter provides for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company, Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification
pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law, and the Charter provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive,
and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other persons with
respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, and advancement;

WHEREAS,
this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Charter of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and
shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder;

WHEREAS,
Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and the
Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service
for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that Indemnitee be so indemnified; and

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement
dated as of January 16, 2025, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

TERMS
AND CONDITIONS

1.
SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. In consideration of the Companys covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or
continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or any other capacity of any member of the Company Group, as applicable,
for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders Indemnitees resignation or until
Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased
to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of any member of the Company Group, as provided in Section
17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service
to the Company Group beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2.
DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:

(a)
References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary
of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a
director, officer, employee, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary
of the Company.

(b)
The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

(c)
Cayman Court shall mean the courts of the Cayman Islands.

(d)
A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any
of the following events:

(i)
Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of HC VII Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor), any Person
(as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent
(15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely
from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute
a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition;

(ii)
Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose appointment
by the Board or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors
then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose appointment or nomination for election was previously so approved
(collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the members of the Board;

(iii)
Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each
case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial
Owners of securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination
beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the surviving
or resulting entity or the ultimate parent entity that controls such surviving or resulting entity (the Successor)
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Successor (including, without limitation, a company which as a result
of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more
Subsidiaries (as defined below)) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination,
of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Company, no Person (excluding
any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined
voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the successor except to the
extent that such Person was the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the Company
prior to such Business Combination; and (3) a majority of the board of directors (or comparable governing body) of the Successor were
Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for
such Business Combination;

(iv)
Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series
of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring
the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such shareholder approval is not required, the decision by the Board to
proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(v)
Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or any successor rule) (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the
Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

(e)
Companies Law shall mean the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time.

(f)
Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager,
managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was
serving at the request of the Company.

(g)
Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as
defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

(h)
Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, constituent company (including any constituent of a constituent)
absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of
the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

(i)
Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(j)
Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses
in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement
or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee
for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in
connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security
for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not
include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee incurred in any Proceeding by
or in the right of the Company.

(k)
References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan;
references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or
fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be
deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

(l)
Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of
corporation law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or
Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this
Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined
below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent
Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would
have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights
under this Agreement.

(m)
The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined
below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any
corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or
of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company
in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

(n)
The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate
dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact of Indemnitees Corporate Status, whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense
is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement but shall not include
any Enforcement Proceeding pursuant to Section 14.

(o)
The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned,
directly or indirectly, by that Person.

3.
INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, the Company shall indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened
to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section
3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses (including all interest, assessments and other
charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees
behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable
cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and misconduct.
Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or international misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or
until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect.

4.
INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter,
the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee
was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the
right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section
4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good
faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which
Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the
extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication
of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be
held harmless or to exoneration.

5.
INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
except for Section 26, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or
a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defending any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter
therein, in whole or in part, the defending Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith. If
Indemnitee is not wholly successful in defense of such Proceeding (or part thereof) but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in
defense of one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Charter, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by Indemnitee or on Indemnitees behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is
not wholly successful in defense of such Proceeding (or part thereof), the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Charter, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a
claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section and without
limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed
to be a successful result as to the defense of such claim, issue or matter.

6.
INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 26,
to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which
Indemnitee was not or is not a party or threatened to be made a party, Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Charter, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf in connection therewith.

7.
ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4,
or 5, except for Section 26, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding against all Expenses
and judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses,
judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding.
No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7 on account of Indemnitees conduct
which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholder or is an act or omission not in good
faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a known violation of the law.

8.
CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.

(a)
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for
in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying,
holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without
requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have
at any time against Indemnitee.

(b)
The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be
if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.

(c)
The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought
by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.

9.
EXCLUSIONS. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any
indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a)
for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other
indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b)
for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;
or

(c)
except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f)-(g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part
of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against
the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of
any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its
sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or Advances from the
Company only to the extent that such payments or Advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

10.
ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.

(a)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, except for Section 26, and to the fullest extent not prohibited
by applicable law and the Charter, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within
ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the
final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, be unsecured
and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, be made without regard to Indemnitees
ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated
under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing an Enforcement
Proceeding (assuming for this purpose all references to a Proceeding in the definition of Expenses were deemed related
to an Enforcement Proceeding), including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances
claimed. This Agreement shall constitute Indemnitees undertaking to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately
determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated by the Company under the provisions of this
Agreement, the Charter, applicable law or otherwise, but only if such an undertaking is required by applicable law or the Charter. This
Section 10(a) shall not apply to any Proceeding for which indemnity is not permitted under Section 9 of this Agreement,
but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in Section 9(b) prior to a final determination that Indemnitee is liable therefor.

(b)
The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

(c)
The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty
or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11.
PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)
Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment,
information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall
not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

(b)
Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this
Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his sole discretion.
Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined
according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement.

12.
PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.

(a)
A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the
specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board,
or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board,
a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion
to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnitee. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect
to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which
indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be
made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such
determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity
upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which
is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be
borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby
agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

(b)
In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a)
hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected
by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to
the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected
meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel
is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising Indemnitee of the identity of the Independent
Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel
as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10)
days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a
written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel
so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined
that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification
pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee
may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others
selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the
person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section
12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement,
Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards
of professional conduct then prevailing).

(c)
The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement
pursuant hereto.

13.
PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.

(a)
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption
in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure
of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement
of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(b)
If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor,
the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter,
be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with
the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited
under applicable law or the Charter; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed
an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification
in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

(c)
The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect
the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitees conduct was unlawful.

(d)
For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action
is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee
by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records
given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or
managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board,
any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d)
shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to
have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

(e)
The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under
this Agreement.

14.
REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.

(a)
In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, is not timely
made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv)
payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a)
of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not
made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Sections 3 or 4
of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance
with this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at Indemnitees option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted
by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein,
the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company
shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration. Such adjudication or arbitration proceeding
is referred to herein as Enforcement Proceeding.

(b)
In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any Enforcement Proceeding shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and
Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

(c)
In any Enforcement Proceeding, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive
advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into
evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences
an Enforcement Proceeding, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until
a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have
been exhausted or lapsed).

(d)
If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in Enforcement Proceeding, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact,
or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request
for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

(e)
The Company shall be precluded from asserting in Enforcement Proceeding that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not
valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the
provisions of this Agreement.

(f)
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter against all
Expenses (assuming for purposes of this sentence that all references to a Proceeding in the definition of Expenses were references to
an Enforcement Proceeding) and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written
request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with any Enforcement Proceeding brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach
of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the
Charter now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit
of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such Enforcement Proceeding
was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g)
Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under Cayman Islands law for amounts which the Company indemnifies,
holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing
with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement
of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by or on behalf of the Company.

15.
SECURITY. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except for Section 26, to the extent requested by Indemnitee
and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations
hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee,
may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

16.
NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION.

(a)
The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any
time be entitled under applicable law, the Charter, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.
No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim,
issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in Indemnitees Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeals, except as may otherwise be expressly set forth in such amendment, alteration or
repeals and mutually agreed by Indemnitee and the Company. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial
decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of expenses than would be afforded currently
under the Charter or this Agreement, it is the intent of the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the greater
benefits so afforded by such change. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and
every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter
existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

(b)
The Companies Law and the Charter permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements
including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond (Indemnification Arrangements)
on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against Indemnitee or incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee or in such capacity
as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of Indemnitees status as such, whether or not the Company
would have the power to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement or under the Companies Law,
as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way
limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein,
and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

(c)
To the extent that any member of the Company Group maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors,
officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company Group or of any other Enterprise
which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its
or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member,
fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding
as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability
insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth
in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take or cause to be taken all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers
to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

(d)
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, shall
be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and
take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring
suit to enforce such rights.

(e)
The Companys obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any
other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments
or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
26, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the
Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its
obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement,
hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

(f)
To the extent Indemnitee has rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by the Sponsor or its affiliates
as applicable, (i) the Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., that its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any
obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or
liabilities incurred by Indemnitee are secondary), (ii) the Company shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred
by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including amounts
paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and reasonable expenses
of investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim) to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this
Agreement, the Companys organizational documents or other agreement, without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against
the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, and (iii) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Sponsor and its
affiliates, as applicable, from any and all claims against them for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect
thereof. No advancement or payment by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim
for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing, and the Sponsor and its affiliates, as applicable,
shall have a right of contribution and be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of
Indemnitee against the Company.

17.
DURATION OF AGREEMENT. All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee
serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves
at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding or Enforcement
Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto) by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, whether or not Indemnitee is acting
in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under
this Agreement.

18.
SEVERABILITY. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason
whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent
necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent
possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this
Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19.
ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.

(a)
The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in
order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company Group, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee
is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company Group.

(b)
Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Charter as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(c)
The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including any direct
or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company, but subject to such successors compliance with Section 19(d)), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased
to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member,
fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and
Indemnitees spouse, permitted assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

(d)
The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all,
substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory
to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

(e)
The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable
and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree
that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other
things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and
that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other
relief to which Indemnitee may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Charter, be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other security in connection therewith.
The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or other security may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent
jurisdiction. The Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or other security to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Charter.

20.
MODIFICATION AND WAIVER. No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing
by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be enforceable unless in writing and signed by the
party against whom it is to be enforced. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver
of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21.
NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have
been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on
which it is so mailed:

(a)
If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide
in writing to the Company.

(b)
If to the Company, to:

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

195
US Hwy 50, Suite 309

Zephyr
Cove, Nevada 89448

Attn:
Daniel J. Hennessy

with
a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to

Sidley
Austin LLP

One
South Dearborn Street

Chicago,
Illinois 60603

Attention:
Michael P. Heinz

or
to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

22.
APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and
construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with
respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Charter, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding
arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court
in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman
Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying
of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such
action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in
part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of
process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other
manner as may be permitted by applicable law and the Charter, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

23.
IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party
against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24.
MISCELLANEOUS. Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings
of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or
to affect the construction thereof.

25.
ADDITIONAL ACTS. If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure
is required to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Charter, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution,
approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this
Agreement.

26.
WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT. Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
(each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial
public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have
in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account
for any reason whatsoever.

27.
MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire
period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable
insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to
ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such
policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer
under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide
the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

28.
INTERPRETATION In this Agreement:

(a)
any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic
Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Electronic Transactions Act));

(b)
any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied
in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Act); and

(c)
sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply.

[Signature
Page Follows]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written.

HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE

By: 

Name: 

[Signature
Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII Announces Pricing of $175,000,000 Initial Public Offering

New
York, NY, January 16, 2025 Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (the Company), a special purpose acquisition
company, announced today the pricing of its initial public offering of 17,500,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units will
be listed on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and trade under the ticker symbol HVIIU beginning tomorrow,
Friday, January 17, 2025. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of a Class A ordinary
share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination (Share Right). Once the securities comprising
the units begin separate trading, the Companys Class A ordinary shares and the Share Rights are expected to be listed on Nasdaq
under the symbols HVII and HVIIR, respectively. The offering is expected to close on January 21, 2025, subject
to customary closing conditions.

The
Company is a newly incorporated blank check company founded by Daniel J. Hennessy and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
Although the Company reserves the right to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, the Company intends to focus
its search for a target business in the industrial technology and energy transition sectors.

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, is the lead book running manager, and Clear Street LLC and
Loop Capital Markets LLC are acting as co-book running managers of the offering. The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 2,625,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.

The
public offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the prospectus relating to the offering may be
obtained from Cohen & Company Capital Markets, 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Prospectus Department,
or by email at: capitalmarkets@cohencm.com.

A
registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC)
and was declared effective on January 16, 2025. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer
to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would
be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the initial public
offering, the anticipated closing date and search for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed
above will be completed on the terms or timing described, or at all, or that the Company will ultimately complete a business combination
transaction. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including
those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for
the Companys initial public offering filed with the SEC. Copies of these documents are available on the SECs website, at
www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release,
except as required by law.

Contact:

Nicholas
Geeza

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

Email:
hvii@hennessycapitalgroup.com

Website:
www.hennessycapitalgroup.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII Announces Closing of $190,000,000 Initial Public Offering

New
York, NY, January 21, 2025 Hennessy Capital Investment Corp. VII (NASDAQ: HVIIU) (the Company), a special purpose
acquisition company, announced today the closing of its initial public offering (IPO) of 19,000,000 units, which included
1,500,000 units sold pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. The IPO was priced at $10.00
per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of $190,000,000. The units are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and commenced
trading under the ticker symbol HVIIU on January 17, 2025. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one right
to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination
(Share Right). There are no warrants issued publicly or privately in connection with the IPO. Once the securities comprising
the units begin separate trading, the Companys Class A ordinary shares and the Share Rights are expected to be listed on Nasdaq
under the symbols HVII and HVIIR, respectively.

Daniel
J. Hennessy, Chairman and CEO, commented We are pleased to announce the successful completion of our initial public offering and
the launch of our seventh flagship SPAC. This milestone positions us as the preferred partner for a category-winning company seeking
a NASDAQ listing. We are grateful for the trust of our investors and look forward to delivering long term value to our shareholders.

The
Company is a newly incorporated blank check company founded by Daniel J. Hennessy and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
Although the Company reserves the right to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry, the Company intends to focus
its search for a target business in the industrial technology and energy transition sectors.

Cohen
& Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC, served as the lead book running manager for the IPO, and Clear
Street LLC and Loop Capital Markets LLC served as co-book running managers.

Of
the proceeds received upon the consummation of the IPO and simultaneous private placements of units, $190,000,000 (or $10.00 per unit
sold in the IPO) was placed in the Companys trust account. An audited balance sheet of the Company as of January 21, 2025, reflecting
receipt of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the private placement, will be included as an exhibit to a Current Report on
Form 8-K to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

The
IPO was made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus relating to the IPO may be obtained from Cohen & Company Capital
Markets, 3 Columbus Circle, 24th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by email at: capitalmarkets@cohencm.com.

A
registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC and was declared effective on January 16, 2025. This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, including with respect to the IPO and search
for an initial business combination. No assurance can be given that the Company will ultimately complete a business combination transaction.
Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including those set
forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys final prospectus for the Companys IPO filed with the SEC.
Copies of these documents are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these
statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contact:

Nicholas
Geeza

Hennessy
Capital Investment Corp. VII

Email:
info@hennessycapitalgroup.com

Website:
https://www.hennessycapital7.com/
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex99-2_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>hviiu-20250116.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>hviiu-20250116_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>hviiu-20250116_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>hviiu-20250116_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 16, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 16, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Registrant Name HENNESSY
CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII

Entity Central Index Key 0001846416

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1813620

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 195
US Hwy 50

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 309

Entity Address, City or Town Zephyr
Cove

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89448

City Area Code (775)

Local Phone Number 339-1671

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units,
each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right

Trading Symbol HVIIU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class
A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol HVII

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol HVIIR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HVIIU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HVIIU_ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=HVIIU_RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetwelfth112OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
4 
24 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://hennessycapital7.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
hviiu-20250116.xsd 
hviiu-20250116_def.xml 
hviiu-20250116_lab.xml 
hviiu-20250116_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003039-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001846416 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001846416 

HVIIU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneClassOrdinaryShareAndOneRightMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001846416 

HVIIU:ClassOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

0001846416 

HVIIU:RightsEachRightEntitlingHolderToReceiveOnetwelfth112OfOneClassOrdinaryShareUponConsummationOfInitialBusinessCombinationMember 

2025-01-16 
2025-01-16 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001846416 
8-K 
2025-01-16 
HENNESSY CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORP. VII 
E9 
98-1813620 
195 US Hwy 50 
Suite 309 
Zephyr Cove 
NV 
89448 
(775) 
339-1671 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one right 
HVIIU 
NASDAQ 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
HVII 
NASDAQ 
Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-twelfth (1/12) of one Class A ordinary share 
HVIIR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>