<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-036846.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-036846.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226165148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-036846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HORTON D R INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				752386963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14122
		FILM NUMBER:		25670984

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(817) 390-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d924227d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

HORTON D R INC /DE/false000088218400008821842025-02-262025-02-260000882184us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-02-262025-02-260000882184us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember2025-02-262025-02-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

D.R. Horton, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-14122 75-2386963

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, Texas76011

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (817)390-8200

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share DHI New York Stock Exchange

5.000% Senior Notes due 2034 DHI 34 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 26, 2025, D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company) completed a public offering (the Offering) of $700 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2035 (the Notes). The Company received net proceeds from the Offering, after the underwriting discount, of $695.2 million. 

The Notes are governed by a Senior Debt Securities Indenture (the Indenture), dated as of October 10, 2019, between the Company and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Seventh Supplemental Indenture), among the Company, the guarantors party thereto (the Guarantors), and the Trustee. Interest on the Notes will accrue at a rate of 5.500% per annum on the principal amount from February 26, 2025, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on October 15, 2025. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2035, subject to earlier redemption or repurchase. The Notes are guaranteed by substantially all of the Companys current homebuilding subsidiaries. 

Optional Redemption 

The Company may, at its option, generally redeem all or a portion of the Notes at any time. If the Company redeems the Notes prior to July 15, 2035, the redemption price for the Notes to be redeemed will be equal to the greater of: (i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the notes matured on July 15, 2035) on a semi-annual basis at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Indenture) plus 15 basis points less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption; and (ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed to (but not including) the redemption date. If the Notes are redeemed on or after July 15, 2035, the redemption price for such Notes will equal 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed to (but not including) the redemption date. 

Change of Control 

Upon the occurrence of certain events resulting in both a change in control of the Company and a ratings downgrade with respect to the Notes, subject to certain exceptions, the Company will be required to make an offer to each holder of the Notes to purchase all or any part of such holders Notes at 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase. 

Events of Default 

The Indenture includes customary events of default, including payment defaults, failure to pay certain other indebtedness and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. 

Ranking 

The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank senior in right of payment to any future indebtedness of the Company that is, by its terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes and equal in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness of the Company that is not so subordinated. The guarantees will be general unsecured obligations of the Guarantors and will rank senior in right of payment to any future indebtedness of the Guarantors that is, by its terms, expressly subordinated in right of payment to the guarantees and will rank equal in right of payment with all existing and future unsecured indebtedness of the Guarantors that is not so subordinated. 

The above description of the Notes and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Seventh Supplemental Indenture (including the form of Note included therein), a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits

4.1 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2025, among D.R. Horton, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 5.500% Senior Notes due 2035 of D.R. Horton, Inc. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: February 26, 2025 

D.R. Horton, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Thomas B. Montao

Thomas B. Montao

Senior Vice President and

Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d924227dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

D.R. HORTON, INC. AND THE
GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO 

5.500% Senior Notes due 2035 

Seventh Supplemental Indenture 

Dated as of February 26, 2025 

TRUIST BANK,

as Trustee 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE ONE 

SCOPE OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

Section 1.01. General 1 

Section 1.02. Specified Modifications in Respect of the Notes 2 

ARTICLE TWO 

CERTAIN DEFINITION 

ARTICLE THREE 

COVENANTS 

Section 3.01. Limitations on Secured Debt 11 

Section 3.02. Restrictions on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 12 

Section 3.03. Offer to Purchase upon Change of Control Triggering Event 13 

ARTICLE FOUR 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 4.01. Governing Law 14 

Section 4.02. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 14 

Section 4.03. No Recourse Against Others 14 

Section 4.04. Successors and Assigns 14 

Section 4.05. Counterparts; Electronic Signature 14 

Section 4.06. Severability 15 

Exhibit A Form of Security 

Exhibit B Form of Notification Security of Guarantee 

-i- 

Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 26, 2025 (Supplemental
Indenture), by and among D.R. Horton, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), each of the subsidiaries of the Company that are signatories hereto as the initial guarantors (the Initial Guarantors)
and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as the trustee (including any successor replacing such person in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture, the Trustee), to the Indenture
dated as of October 10, 2019, by and between the Company and the Trustee (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, the Base Indenture). 

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of Notes (each as defined
herein): 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee have duly authorized the execution and delivery of the Base Indenture to provide for the
issuance from time to time of senior debt securities (the Securities) to be issued in one or more Series as in the Base Indenture provided; 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Initial Guarantors desire and have requested the Trustee to join them in the execution and delivery of this
Supplemental Indenture in order to establish and provide for the issuance by the Company of a Series of Securities designated as its 5.500% Senior Notes due 2035, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (including any
Additional Notes, as defined below, the Notes), initially guaranteed by the Initial Guarantors, on the terms set forth herein; 

WHEREAS, Section 2.01 of the Base Indenture provides that a supplemental indenture may be entered into by the Company, the Initial
Guarantors and the Trustee for such Notes, provided certain conditions are met; 

WHEREAS, the conditions set forth in the Base Indenture
for the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture have been complied with; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this
Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, the Initial Guarantors and the Trustee, in accordance with its terms, and a valid amendment of, and supplement to, the Base Indenture have been done; 

NOW, THEREFORE: 

In
consideration of the premises and the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof the Company and the Initial Guarantors mutually covenant and agree with the Trustee, for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders, that the Base
Indenture is supplemented and amended, to the extent expressed herein, as follows: 

ARTICLE ONE 

Scope of Supplemental Indenture 

Section 1.01. General. 

The changes, modifications and supplements to the Base Indenture effected by this Supplemental
Indenture shall be applicable only with respect to, and govern the terms of, the Notes and shall not apply to any other Securities that may have been or may hereafter be issued under the Base Indenture unless a supplemental indenture with respect to
such other Securities specifically incorporates such changes, modifications and supplements. 

Pursuant to this Supplemental Indenture, there is hereby created and designated the Notes as
a Series of Securities under the Base Indenture entitled 5.500% Senior Notes due 2035. The Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto and will mature and bear interest as provided in such form and have the other
terms and conditions set forth therein, in this Supplemental Indenture and in the Base Indenture (to the extent not superseded hereby). The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal at 5.500% per annum; it shall pay interest on overdue
installments of interest at 5.500% per annum. The Notes shall be guaranteed by the Guarantors as provided in the form of Exhibit B hereto. The Trustee will initially be the Registrar and Paying Agent for the Notes, and DTC will initially be
the Depositary for the Notes. The covenants provided in Article Three of this Supplemental Indenture are applicable (unless waived or amended as provided in the Base Indenture) so long as the Notes are outstanding or until defeasance or other
discharge pursuant to the Base Indenture. An aggregate principal amount of $700,000,000 of Notes will be issued on the Issue Date. Additional Notes (the Additional Notes) in an unlimited amount may be issued in one or more
issuances from time to time on the same terms and conditions, except for issue date, and if applicable, the issue price and the first interest payment, either of which may differ from the respective terms of the previously issued Notes of same
Series, and with the same CUSIP numbers as the Notes offered hereby (to the extent permissible under applicable law) without the consent of Holders of the Notes, except that if any Additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes issued on the Issue
Date for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. The Notes initially issued hereunder and any such Additional Notes shall vote on all matters, and otherwise be treated as, a single Series for all
purposes under the Indenture. 

Section 1.02. Specified Modifications in Respect of the Notes. 

(1) Article Six of the Base Indenture shall apply in respect of the Notes; provided that with respect to clause (3) under the
first paragraph and the second paragraph of Section 6.01 of the Base Indenture, Section 3.03 hereof shall be deemed such specified provision which breach thereof shall constitute, together with Article Five of the Base Indenture, an Event
of Default with notice but without passage of time; provided further that clauses (4) and (5) under the first paragraph of Section 6.01 of the Base Indenture shall be amended by replacing $50 million with $150
million. 

(2) Section 7.05 of the Base Indenture shall apply in respect of the Notes; provided that the Trustee shall not
have any discretion to withhold any notice of the Default with respect to any breach of Section 3.03 hereof, irrespective of any determination that withholding of such notice is in the interest of the Holders of the Notes. 

(3) Article Ten of the Base Indenture shall apply in respect of the Notes; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the Base Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, any amendment or waiver of Section 3.03 hereof (prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event) will require consent of Holders of a majority of the outstanding principal
amount of Notes. 

(4) The Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company pursuant to the terms set forth in
Section 4 of the Notes. Other than as specifically provided in this Supplemental Indenture or Section 4 of the Notes, any redemption of the Notes will be made pursuant to the provisions of Article Three of the Base Indenture. 

(5) Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture shall apply in respect of the Notes; provided that the final paragraph of Section 3.01 of
the Base Indenture shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: The Company shall give each notice provided for in Section 3.01 of the Base Indenture no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day prior to the
date of the giving of notice of such redemption to the Holders of the Notes pursuant to Section 4 of the Notes (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee). 

-2- 

ARTICLE TWO 

Certain Definitions 

The
following terms have the meanings set forth below in this Supplemental Indenture. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Base Indenture. To the extent terms defined herein differ from the Base
Indenture the terms defined herein will govern. 

Attributable Debt means, in respect of a Sale and Leaseback
Transaction, the present value (discounted at the weighted average effective interest cost per annum of the outstanding debt of the Company, compounded semiannually) of the obligation of the lessee for rental payments during the remaining term of
the lease included in such transaction, including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended or, if earlier, until the earliest date on which the lessee may terminate such lease upon payment of
a penalty (in which case the obligation of the lessee for rental payments shall include such penalty), after excluding all amounts required to be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water and utility rates and
similar charges. 

Change of Control means: 

(1) any sale, lease or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company (other than Forestar Group Inc. or any of its Subsidiaries)), provided, that a transaction where the holders of all classes of
Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, Voting Stock representing more than 50% of the voting power of all Voting Stock of such Person immediately after such transaction shall not be a Change of
Control; 

(2) a person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act)
publicly discloses, including, without limitation, by filing a Schedule 13D or Schedule TO, or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries publicly discloses, including without limitation, by filing any other schedule, form or report under the Exchange
Act (including, without limitation, a Current Report on Form 8-K), facts indicating that such person or group has become the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of Voting Stock of the Company representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company; or 

(3) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;
provided, however, that a liquidation or dissolution of the Company that is part of a transaction that does not constitute a Change of Control under the proviso contained in clause (1) above shall not constitute a Change of
Control. 

Any person or group whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control under clause (2) of the
foregoing definition in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with the requirements of the Indenture will thereafter, together with its Affiliates, be excluded from such clause (2). 

-3- 

Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of both a Change
of Control and a Ratings Downgrade Event. 

Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets of the Company as of any date means
the Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Company and the Guarantors at the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding such date less (a) the book value of any assets securing any Non-Recourse
Indebtedness, and (b) all short term liabilities of the Company and the Guarantors, except for liabilities payable by their terms more than one year from the date of determination (or renewable or extendible at the option of the obligor to a
maturity date more than one year after such date) and liabilities in respect of retiree benefits other than persons for which the Company or the Guarantors are required to accrue pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 715-60 (or any successor provision), in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Company as of any date means the book value of the total assets of the Company and the
Guarantors (less applicable reserves) on a consolidated basis at the end of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding such date, less: (1) Intangible Assets and (2) appropriate adjustments on account of minority interests of other Persons
holding equity investments in Guarantors, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Fitch means Fitch
Ratings. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the accounting standards codification of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such or any other entity as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession of the United States, as in effect on the Issue Date. 

Guarantors means (i) initially, each of: 

C. Richard Dobson Builders, Inc., a Virginia corporation; 

CH Investments of Texas, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

CHTEX of Texas, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Continental Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Continental Homes of Texas, L.P., a Texas limited partnership; 

Continental Residential, Inc., a California corporation; 

D.R. Horton - CHAustin, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Colorado, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Corpus Christi, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Crown, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Emerald, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership; 

D.R. Horton - Georgia, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Highland, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Houston, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Indiana, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Iowa, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Nebraska, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - NW Arkansas, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Pensacola, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Permian, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Regent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Springfield, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

-4- 

D.R. Horton - Terramor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership; 

D.R. Horton - Tulsa, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - WPA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - WPH, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton - Wyoming, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Birmingham, an Alabama corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. -Chicago, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Dietz-Crane, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Greensboro, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Gulf Coast, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Huntsville, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Jacksonville, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Louisville, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Midwest, a California corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Minnesota, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - New Jersey, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Portland, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton, Inc. - Torrey, a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton BAY, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton CA2, Inc., a California corporation; 

D.R. Horton CA3, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton CA4, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton CA5, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton Cruces Construction, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton Hawaii LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton LA North, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton Los Angeles Holding Company, Inc., a California corporation; 

D.R. Horton Management Company, Ltd., a Texas limited partnership; 

D.R. Horton Materials, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

D.R. Horton Serenity Construction, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

D.R. Horton VEN, Inc., a California corporation; 

DRH Cambridge Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Construction, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH HWY 114, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Phoenix East Construction, Inc., an Arizona corporation; 

DRH Regrem LII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LIII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LIV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LVI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LVII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LVIII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LIX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LX, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LXI, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LXII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LXIII, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem LXIV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

-5- 

DRH Regrem LXV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

DRH Regrem VII, LP, a Texas limited partnership; 

DRH Regrem XII, LP, a Texas limited partnership; 

DRH Regrem XV, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XVI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XVII, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XVIII, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XIX, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XX, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XXI, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XXII, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XXIII, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XXIV, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Regrem XXV, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

DRH Southwest Construction, Inc., a California corporation; 

DRH Tucson Construction, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

HPH Homebuilders 2000 L.P., a California limited partnership; 

KDB Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Lexington Homes - DRH, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Meadows I, Ltd., a Delaware corporation; 

Meadows II, Ltd., a Delaware corporation; 

Meadows VIII, Ltd., a Delaware corporation; 

Meadows IX, Inc., a New Jersey corporation; 

Meadows X, Inc., a New Jersey corporation; 

Melody Homes, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Pacific Ridge - DRH, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Pensacola Land Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Schuler Homes of Arizona LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Schuler Homes of California, Inc., a California corporation; 

Schuler Homes of Oregon, Inc., an Oregon corporation; 

Schuler Homes of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation; 

SGS Communities at Grande Quay L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company; 

SHA Construction LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

SHLR of California, Inc., a California corporation; 

SHLR of Nevada, Inc., a Nevada corporation; 

SHLR of Washington, Inc., a Washington corporation; 

SRHI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

SSHI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Vertical Construction Corporation, a Delaware corporation; 

Walker Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Antigua, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Broadway, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Canyon Park, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Carrillo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Communications Hill, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Copper Canyon, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Creekside, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Lomas Verdes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

-6- 

Western Pacific Housing-McGonigle Canyon, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing - Mountaingate, L.P., a California limited partnership; 

Western Pacific Housing-Norco Estates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Pacific Park II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue East, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue West, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Playa Vista, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-River Ridge, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Terra Bay Duets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Meadows, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Village Center, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing-Windemere, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Western Pacific Housing, Inc., a Delaware corporation; 

Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc., a California corporation; and 

WPH-Camino Ruiz, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

and (ii) each of the Companys Subsidiaries that becomes a guarantor of the Notes pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture, in each case until
subsequently released from its Guarantee pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture. 

Intangible Assets means with
respect to the Notes, all unamortized debt discount and expense, unamortized deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, write-ups of assets over their prior
carrying value (other than write-ups which occurred prior to the Issue Date and other than, in connection with the acquisition of an asset, the write-up of the value of
such asset (within one year of its acquisition) to its fair market value in accordance with GAAP) and all other items which would be treated as intangibles on the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Guarantors prepared in accordance
with GAAP. 

Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor
rating categories of Moodys); a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch); a rating of BBB- or better by
S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company. 

Issue Date means February 26, 2025, the date on which the Notes are originally issued under this Supplemental
Indenture. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Non-Guarantor Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor. 

Par Call Date means July 15, 2035. 

-7- 

Permitted Liens means any Lien: 

(1) incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of tenders, bids, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, development obligations, progress payments, government contracts, utility services, developers or other obligations to make on-site or off-site improvements
and other obligations of like nature (exclusive of obligations for the payment of borrowed money but including the items referred to in the parenthetical in clause (i)(a) of the definition of Indebtedness), in each case incurred in the
ordinary course of business of the Company and the Guarantors, 

(2) constituting attachment or judgment liens, 

(3) securing Non-Recourse Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor; provided
that it applies only to the Property financed out of the net proceeds of such Non-Recourse Indebtedness (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof), 

(4) securing Purchase Money Indebtedness; provided that it applies only to the Property acquired, constructed or
improved with the proceeds of such Purchase Money Indebtedness (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof), 

(5)
constituting purchase money Liens (including Capitalized Lease Obligations); provided that it applies only to the Property acquired (and any accessions thereto and proceeds thereof) and the related Indebtedness is incurred within 180 days
after the acquisition of such Property, 

(6) constituting the right of a lender or lenders to which the Company or a
Guarantor may be indebted to offset against, or appropriate and apply to the payment of such, Indebtedness any and all balances, credits, deposits, accounts or money of the Company or a Guarantor with or held by such lender or lenders or its
affiliates, 

(7) constituting the pledge or deposit of cash or other Property in conjunction with obtaining surety,
performance, completion or payment bonds and letters of credit or other similar instruments or providing earnest money obligations, escrows or similar purpose undertakings or indemnifications in the ordinary course of business of the Company and the
Guarantors, 

(8) incurred in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, water, sewage or other public
improvement bonds or any similar bonds, 

(9) statutory Liens of landlords and carriers, warehousemens,
mechanics, suppliers, materialmens, repairmens or other Liens imposed by law and arising in the ordinary course of business, 

(10) leases or subleases granted to others not materially interfering with the ordinary course of business of the Company and
the Guarantors taken as a whole, 

(11) Liens securing community development district bonds or similar bonds issued by any
governmental authority to accomplish similar purposes, 

(12) Liens on assets and properties of joint ventures or limited
partnerships that are not wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company or any of the Guarantors, and 

-8- 

(13) Liens securing the Companys or the Guarantors obligations
to third parties, in connection with joint development agreements with such third parties, to perform and/or pay for or reimburse the costs of construction and/or development related to or benefiting Companys or the Guarantors Property
and Property belonging to such third parties. 

Purchase Money Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Company or any
Guarantor incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price, or the cost of construction or improvement, of any Property to be used in the ordinary course of business by the Company and the Guarantors; provided,
however, that (1) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness shall not exceed such purchase price or cost and (2) such Indebtedness shall be incurred no later than 180 days after the acquisition of such Property or
completion of such construction or improvement. 

Rating Agency means (1) each of Moodys, Fitch and S&P;
or (2) if any of Moodys, Fitch or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available (for reasons outside of the Companys control), a nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as defined under Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act selected by the Company (as certified by a resolution of the Companys Board of Directors) as a replacement Rating Agency for Moodys, Fitch or S&P, or all
three, as the case may be. 

Ratings Downgrade Event means the rating on the Notes is lowered independently by each of
the Rating Agencies and the Notes are rated below Investment Grade by all three Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by
any of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Ratings Downgrade Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be
deemed a Ratings Downgrade Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Triggering Event) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform
the Trustee in writing at the Companys request that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the
applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Ratings Downgrade Event). 

Revolving Credit
Facility means the revolving credit facility entered into by the Company pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 7, 2012, as amended prior to the Issue Date and as may be further amended or modified from time
to time, by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank LTD. (as successor in interest to The Royal Bank of Scotland plc), as administrative agent, and the lenders and other parties thereto. 

S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means a sale or transfer made by the Company or a Guarantor of any Property which is either
(a) a manufacturing facility, project club house, amenity center and common area, office building, warehouse or distribution facility whose book value equals or exceeds 1% of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets as of the date of determination
or (b) another Property which exceeds 5% of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets as of the date of determination, if such sale or transfer is made with the agreement, commitment or intention of leasing such Property to the Company or a
Guarantor, provided that Sale and Leaseback Transaction shall not include (1) a sale and leaseback transaction relating to a Property entered into within 180 days after the later of (i) the date of acquisition of such
Property by the Company or a Guarantor and (ii) the date of the completion of construction or commencement of full operations on such Property, whichever is later, (2) a sale and leaseback transaction which has a lease of no more than
three years in length or (3) a sale or transfer made to the Company or another Guarantor. 

-9- 

Secured Debt means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor which
is secured by (a) a Lien in any Property of the Company or a Guarantor (other than property excluded in clause (b)) or (b) a Lien on Capital Stock owned directly or indirectly by the Company or a Guarantor in a corporation or other
entity (other than a Non-Guarantor Subsidiary) or in the rights of the Company or a Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness of a corporation or other entity (other than a
Non-Guarantor Subsidiary) in which the Company or a Guarantor owns Capital Stock. The securing in the foregoing manner of any such Indebtedness which immediately prior thereto was not Secured Debt shall be
deemed to be the creation of Secured Debt at the time security is given. For the avoidance of doubt, cash collateralized letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility shall not constitute Secured Debt. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the
following two paragraphs: 

(1) The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such
time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after
such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publication)
(H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as
applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15
exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the
Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall
be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

(2) If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate
based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity
that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the Par Call
Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury
securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the 

-10- 

average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph,
the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States
Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

Voting Stock of any specified person (as that term
is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person. 

ARTICLE THREE 

Covenants 

Section 3.01. Limitations on Secured Debt. 

The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Guarantor to, create, incur, assume or guarantee any Secured Debt unless the Notes are
secured equally and ratably with (or prior to) such Secured Debt, provided that the foregoing does not prohibit the creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee of: 

(1) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens on model homes, homes held for sale, homes that are under construction or under contract for sale,
contracts for the sale of homes, land (improved or unimproved), contracts for the sale of land, project club houses, amenity centers and common areas, manufacturing plants, warehouses, distribution facilities or office buildings, and fixtures and
equipment located at or on any of the foregoing or leasehold or other interests in any of the foregoing; 

(2) Secured Debt which is
secured by a Lien on Property at the time of its acquisition by the Company or a Guarantor, which Lien secures obligations assumed by the Company or a Guarantor, or on the Property of a corporation or other entity at the time it is merged into or
consolidated with the Company or a Guarantor or becomes a Guarantor as a result of the acquisition of its Capital Stock by the Company or a Guarantor (other than Secured Debt created in contemplation of the acquisition of such Property or the
consummation of such a merger or consolidation or acquisition where the Lien attaches to or affects the Property of the Company or a Guarantor prior to such transaction); 

(3) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens arising from conditional sales agreements or title retention agreements with respect to Property
acquired by the Company or a Guarantor; 

(4) Secured Debt which is secured by Liens securing Indebtedness of a Guarantor owing to the
Company or to another Guarantor; 

(5) Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien; and 

(6) any amendment, restatement, supplement, renewal, replacement, extension, refinancing or refunding, in whole or in part
(Refinanced Debt), of Secured Debt that was permitted to be created, incurred, assumed or guaranteed pursuant to clauses (1) through (5) above at the time of the original creation, incurrence, assumption or guarantee thereof,
or by this clause (6), provided in each case that the principal amount of the Refinanced Debt does not exceed the principal amount of the Secured Debt being refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced (plus accrued interest thereon and expenses
of refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement) and such Refinanced Debt is not secured by any additional Properties of the Company or any Guarantor (other than accessions and proceeds). 

-11- 

In addition, the Company and the Guarantors may create, incur, assume or guarantee Secured
Debt, without equally or ratably (or on a senior basis) securing the Notes, if immediately thereafter the sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount (or the accreted value thereof, in the case of any Secured Debt issued with original issue
discount) of all Secured Debt outstanding (excluding Secured Debt permitted under clauses (1) through (6) above and any Secured Debt in relation to which the Notes have been secured equally and ratably (or on a senior basis)) and (2) all
Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (excluding Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions satisfying the conditions set forth in clauses (1) and (2) and if the 365 day period referenced therein
shall have expired, also clause (3) under Section 3.02) as of the date of determination would not exceed 20% of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets. 

Section 3.02. Restrictions on Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 

The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Guarantor to, enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, unless: 

(1) notice is promptly given to the Trustee of the Sale and Leaseback Transaction; 

(2) fair value is received by the Company or a Guarantor for the Property sold (as determined in good faith pursuant to a resolution of the
Board of Directors delivered to the Trustee); and 

(3) the Company or a Guarantor, within 365 days after the completion of the Sale and
Leaseback Transaction, applies an amount equal to the net proceeds therefrom either: 

(A) to the redemption, repayment or
retirement of (a) the Notes or the Securities of any other Series under the Base Indenture (other than a Series that, pursuant to the applicable supplemental indenture or Authorizing Resolution, does not have the benefit of this Section or its
equivalent), including the cancellation by the Trustee of any Securities of any such Series delivered by the Company to the Trustee, or (b) any other Indebtedness of the Company or any Guarantor (other than Indebtedness which by its terms or
the terms of the instrument by which it was issued is subordinate in right of payment to the Notes or any such other Series), or 

(B) to the purchase by the Company or a Guarantor of Property substantially similar to the Property sold or transferred. 

Without regard to the foregoing, the Company and the Guarantors may enter into a Sale and Leaseback Transaction if immediately thereafter the
sum of (1) the aggregate principal amount of all Secured Debt outstanding (excluding Secured Debt permitted under clauses (1) through (6) of the first paragraph of Section 3.01 above or Secured Debt in relation to which the Notes have
been secured equally and ratably (or on a senior basis)) and (2) all Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions (excluding Attributable Debt in respect of Sale and Leaseback Transactions satisfying the conditions set forth
in clauses (1) and (2) and if the 365 day period referenced therein shall have expired, also clause (3) above) as of the date of determination would not exceed 20% of Consolidated Adjusted Tangible Assets. 

-12- 

Section 3.03. Offer to Purchase upon Change of Control Triggering
Event. 

(1) In the event that there shall occur a Change of Control Triggering Event, except as otherwise provided in
Section 3.03(6) hereof, the Company shall make an offer to each Holder of the Notes (the Change of Control Offer) to purchase all or any part of such Holders Notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued
and unpaid interest to the date of purchase (the Change of Control Purchase Price) in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 3.03. 

(2) On or before the thirtieth day after any Change of Control Triggering Event, or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of
Control, but after the public announcement of the Change of Control, the Company shall be obligated to make the Change of Control Offer by mailing, or causing to be mailed, to all Holders of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, a notice regarding the
Change of Control Triggering Event and the Change of Control Offer. The notice shall state the payment date for the repurchase of the Notes, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed.
The notice may, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, also state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on a Change of Control or Change of Control Triggering Event occurring on or prior to the payment date
specified in the notice. 

(3) On the payment date of the Change of Control Purchase Price as specified in the notice, the Company shall,
to the extent lawful: 

(A) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant
to the Change of Control Offer; 

(B) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Purchase Price
in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; and 

(C) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate
stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by the Company. 

(4) The Paying Agent shall promptly
mail to each Holder of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer, the Change of Control Purchase Price for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail, or cause to be transferred by book entry, to each such
Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any; provided that the new Note shall be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Company
shall publicly announce the results of the Change of Control Offer on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the payment date of the Change of Control Purchase Price. 

(5) The Company will comply with applicable law, including Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and Rule
14e-1 thereunder, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the purchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of
Control or Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with this Section 3.03, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be
deemed to have breached its obligations under this Section 3.03 by virtue of such conflict. 

-13- 

(6) The Company will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer after a Change of
Control Triggering Event if (1) a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not
withdrawn under its offer, (2) the Company has given notice to redeem all Notes in accordance with paragraph 4 of the Notes and Article Three of the Base Indenture, unless and until there is a default in payment of the applicable redemption
price or (3) in connection with or in contemplation of any Change of Control for which a definitive agreement is in place, the Company or a third party has made an offer to purchase (an Alternate Offer) any and all Notes
properly tendered at a cash price equal to or higher than the Change of Control Purchase Price and has purchased all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn in accordance with the terms of such Alternate Offer. 

(7) None of the provisions relating to a repurchase upon a Change of Control Triggering Event shall be waivable by the Board of Directors of
the Company. 

ARTICLE FOUR 

Miscellaneous 

Section 4.01. Governing Law. 

THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND
THE GUARANTEES. 

Section 4.02. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. 

This Supplemental Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Company or a Subsidiary. Any such
indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 4.03. No
Recourse Against Others. 

All liability (i) described in Paragraph 11 of the Notes, of any director, officer, employee or
stockholder, as such, of the Company and (ii) described in the second paragraph of the guarantees of each Guarantor, of any stockholder, officer, director, employee, incorporator, partner, member or manager, as such, of any Guarantor, is waived
and released. 

Section 4.04. Successors and Assigns. 

All covenants and agreements of the Company and the Guarantors in this Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall bind its successors and
assigns. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns. 

Section 4.05. Counterparts; Electronic Signature. 

This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Base Indenture, any signature to this Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees may be executed and delivered by facsimile,
electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. Federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have
been duly and validly executed and delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Each of the parties 

-14- 

hereto represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the capacity and authority to execute this Supplemental Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees through electronic means. The
exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the
original Supplemental Indenture and signature pages for all purposes. 

Section 4.06. Severability. 

In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Supplemental Indenture or in the Notes shall for any reason be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Supplemental Indenture or of the Notes. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

-15- 

SIGNATURES 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written. 

D.R. HORTON, INC.

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

GUARANTORS: 

C. RICHARD DOBSON BUILDERS, INC. CH INVESTMENTSOF TEXAS, INC.

CHTEX OF TEXAS, INC. CONTINENTAL HOMES, INC.

CONTINENTAL RESIDENTIAL, INC. D.R. HORTON, INC. - BIRMINGHAM

D.R. HORTON, INC. -CHICAGO D.R. HORTON, INC. - DIETZ-CRANE

D.R. HORTON, INC. - GREENSBORO D.R. HORTON, INC. - GULF COAST

D.R. HORTON, INC. - HUNTSVILLE 

D.R. HORTON, INC. - JACKSONVILLE

D.R. HORTON, INC. - MIDWEST

D.R. HORTON, INC. - NEW JERSEY

D.R. HORTON, INC. - TORREY

D.R. HORTON CA2, INC. 

D.R. HORTON CA5, INC. 

D.R. HORTON LA NORTH, INC.

D.R. HORTON MATERIALS, INC. 

DRH CONSTRUCTION, INC. 

DRH REGREM XV, INC.

DRH
REGREM XVII, INC. 

DRH REGREM XIX, INC. 

DRH REGREM XXI, INC. 

DRH
REGREM XXIII, INC. 

DRH REGREM XXV, INC. 

DRH TUCSON CONSTRUCTION, INC. 

MEADOWS I, LTD.

MEADOWS VIII, LTD. 

MEADOWS X, INC. 

SCHULER HOMESOF CALIFORNIA, INC. 

SCHULER HOMESOF WASHINGTON, INC.

SHLR OF NEVADA, INC. 

VERTICAL CONSTRUCTION CORPORATION

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING MANAGEMENT, INC. 

D.R. HORTON, INC. - LOUISVILLE 

D.R. HORTON, INC. - MINNESOTA 

D.R. HORTON, INC. - PORTLAND 

D.R. HORTON BAY, INC. 

D.R. HORTON CA3, INC. 

D.R. HORTON CRUCES CONSTRUCTION, INC. 

D.R. HORTON LOS ANGELES HOLDING COMPANY, INC. 

D.R. HORTON VEN, INC. 

DRH PHOENIX EAST CONSTRUCTION, INC. 

DRH REGREM XVI, INC. 

DRH REGREM XVIII, INC. 

DRH REGREM XX, INC. 

DRH REGREM XXII, INC. 

DRH REGREM XXIV, INC. 

DRH SOUTHWEST CONSTRUCTION, INC. 

KDB HOMES, INC. 

MEADOWS II, LTD. 

MEADOWS IX, INC. 

MELODY HOMES, INC. 

SCHULER HOMESOF OREGON, INC. 

SHLR OF CALIFORNIA, INC. 

SHLR OF WASHINGTON, INC. 

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

CONTINENTAL HOMESOF TEXAS, L.P.

By: CHTEX of Texas, Inc.,

as General Partner

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON - CROWN, LLC

D.R. HORTON - GEORGIA, LLC

D.R. HORTON - HIGHLAND, LLC

D.R. HORTON - IOWA, LLC

D.R. HORTON - NEBRASKA, LLC

D.R. HORTON - NW ARKANSAS, LLC

D.R. HORTON - PENSACOLA, LLC

D.R. HORTON - REGENT, LLC

D.R. HORTON - SPRINGFIELD, LLC

D.R. HORTON - TERRAMOR, LLC

D.R. HORTON - WPH, LLC

D.R.
HORTON SERENITY CONSTRUCTION, LLC 

DRH REGREM LII, LLC

DRH REGREM LIII, LLC

DRH
REGREM LIV, LLC

DRH REGREM LV, LLC

DRH REGREM LVI, LLC

DRH
REGREM LVII, LLC

DRH REGREM LVIII, LLC

DRH REGREM LIX, LLC

DRH
REGREM LX, LLC

DRH REGREM LXI, LLC

DRH REGREM LXII, LLC

DRH
REGREM LXIII, LLC

DRH REGREM LXIV, LLC

DRH REGREM LXV, LLC

By: D.R. Horton, Inc.,

as Sole Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

DRH CAMBRIDGE HOMES, LLC

By: D.R. Horton, Inc. -Chicago,

as Sole Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON - EMERALD, LTD.

D.R. HORTON - TEXAS, LTD.

D.R. HORTON MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LTD.

DRH REGREM VII, LP 

DRH
REGREM XII, LP

By: Meadows I, Ltd.,

as General Partner

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON HAWAII LLC 

By: Vertical Construction Corporation,

as Manager

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief

Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

D.R. HORTON CA4, LLC

By: Western Pacific Housing, Inc.,

as Sole Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

SGS COMMUNITIESAT GRANDE QUAY L.L.C.

By: Meadows IX, Inc.,

as Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

and 

By: Meadows X, Inc.,

as Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

LEXINGTON HOMES - DRH, LLC

PACIFIC RIDGE - DRH, LLC

By: SHLR of Washington, Inc.,

as Sole Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

PENSACOLA LAND COMPANY, LLC

SHULER HOMESOF ARIZONA LLC

SHA CONSTRUCTION LLC

SRHI LLC

SSHI LLC

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

HPH HOMEBUILDERS 2000
L.P.

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-ANTIGUA, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-BROADWAY, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-CANYON PARK, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-CARRILLO, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-COMMUNICATIONS HILL, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-COPPER CANYON, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-CREEKSIDE, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-LOMAS VERDES, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-MCGONIGLE CANYON, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING - MOUNTAINGATE, L.P.

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-NORCO ESTATES, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-PACIFIC PARK II, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-PARK AVENUE EAST, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-PARK AVENUE WEST, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-PLAYA VISTA, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-RIVER RIDGE, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-TERRA BAY DUETS, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-TORREY MEADOWS, LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC HOUSING-TORREY VILLAGE CENTER,

LLC

WESTERN PACIFIC
HOUSING-WINDEMERE, LLC

WPH-CAMINO RUIZ,
LLC

By: Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc.,

as Manager, Managing Member and General

Partner, as applicable

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

D.R. HORTON - CHAUSTIN, LLC

By: Continental Homes of Texas, L.P.,

as Sole Member

By: CHTEX of Texas, Inc.

as General Partner

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON - INDIANA, LLC

By: D.R. Horton, Inc. Midwest,

its Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON - COLORADO, LLC

D.R. HORTON - WYOMING, LLC 

By: Melody Homes, Inc.,

its Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

DRH - HWY 114, LLC

D.R. HORTON - CORPUS CHRISTI, LLC

D.R. HORTON - HOUSTON, LLC

D.R. HORTON - PERMIAN, LLC

D.R. HORTON - TULSA, LLC

By: D.R. Horton Texas, Ltd.,

its Member

By: Meadows I, Ltd.,

its General Partner

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

WALKER DRIVE, LLC 

By: D.R. Horton BAY, Inc.,

its Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

D.R. HORTON - WPA, LLC

By: D.R. Horton Inc. - New Jersey,

its Member

By: 

/s/ Bill W. Wheat

Name: Bill W. Wheat

Title: Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

TRUIST BANK,

as
Trustee

By: 

/s/ Patrick Giordano

Name: Patrick Giordano

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to
Seventh Supplemental Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY] 

[Global Security Legend] 

THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS SECURITY) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE HOLDERS OF BENEFICIAL INTERESTS HEREIN, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE ANY SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL
SECURITY MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06 OF THE BASE INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY BE
TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY. 

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART
FOR SECURITIES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR TO ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE
DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITARY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO SUCH ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE DEPOSITARY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

A-1 

No. CUSIP No.: 23331A BU2 

ISIN No.: US23331ABU25 

5.500%
SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

D.R. HORTON, INC. 

a Delaware corporation 

promises to pay to
[ ] or registered assigns 

the principal sum of $[ ] ( ) Dollars on
October 15, 2035. 

Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15, commencing October 15, 2025 

Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 

D.R. HORTON, INC.

By: 

Title:

Authenticated:

Truist Bank,

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Securities referred to in the within mentioned Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Dated: 

A-2 

[FORM OF REVERSE SIDE OF SECURITY] 

D.R. HORTON, INC. 

5.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2035 

D.R. HORTON, INC., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the Company), issued this Security
under an Indenture dated as of October 10, 2019 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, the Base Indenture) by and between the Company and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking
and Trust Company), as the trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 26, 2025 (the Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture,
the Indenture), by and among the Company, the Guarantors party thereto and the Trustee, to which reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the
Trustee and the Holders and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authorized and delivered. All terms used in this Security that are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them therein. 

1. 

Interest. 

The Company promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Security at the rate per annum shown above. The Company will pay interest
semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing October 15, 2025, until the principal is paid or made available for payment. Interest on the Securities will accrue
from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for or, if no interest has been paid, from February 26, 2025, provided that, if there is no existing default in the payment of interest, and if this Security is
authenticated between a record date referred to on the face hereof and the next succeeding interest payment date, interest shall accrue from such interest payment date. Interest will be computed on the basis of a
360-day year of twelve 30-day months. 

2. 

Method of Payment. 

The Company will pay interest on the Securities (except defaulted interest, if any, which will be paid on such special payment date to Holders
of record on such special record date as may be fixed by the Company) to the persons who are registered Holders of Securities at the close of business on April 1 or October 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding the applicable
interest payment date. Holders must surrender Securities to a Paying Agent to collect principal payments. The Company will pay principal and interest in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and
private debts. 

3. 

Paying Agent and Registrar. 

Initially, the Trustee will act as Paying Agent and Registrar. The Company may change or appoint any Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Registrar without notice. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates may act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-Registrar.

A-3 

4. 

Optional Redemption. 

Prior to July 15, 2035 (the Par Call Date), the Company may redeem the Securities at its option, in whole or in part,
at any time or from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: (1)(a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Securities matured on the Par Call Date), on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (0.150%) less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed, plus, in either
case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Securities,
in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Securities being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 

The Companys actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent
manifest error. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the
Depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed. 

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Securities for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the
Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and fair. No Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If any Security is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption that relates to the Security will
state the portion of the principal amount of the Security to be redeemed. A new Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Security will be issued in the name of the Holder of the Security upon surrender for cancellation
of the original Security. For so long as the Securities are held by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of the Securities shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the
Securities or portions thereof called for redemption. 

5. 

Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. 

The Securities are in registered form only without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. A
Holder may transfer or exchange Securities by presentation of such Securities to the Registrar or a co-Registrar with a request to register the transfer or to exchange them for an equal principal amount of
Securities of other denominations. The Registrar may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Registrar need not
transfer or exchange any Security selected for redemption or purchase, except the unredeemed or unpurchased part thereof if the Security is redeemed or purchased in part, or transfer or exchange any Securities for a period of 15 days before a
selection of Securities to be redeemed or purchased. 

6. 

Persons Deemed Owners. 

The registered Holder of this Security shall be treated as the owner of it for all purposes. 

A-4 

7. 

Unclaimed Money. 

Subject to any applicable abandoned property law, the Trustee and the Paying Agent shall pay to the Company upon written request any money held
by them for the payment of principal or interest that remains unclaimed for two years, and thereafter, Holders entitled to the money must look to the Company for payment as general creditors. 

8. 

Amendment, Supplement, Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Indenture or the Securities may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of each Series affected by the amendment and any past default or compliance with any provision relating to any Series of the Securities may be waived in a particular instance with the
consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such Series. Without the consent of any Securityholder, the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture or the Securities in certain respects
as specified in the Indenture. 

9. 

Successor. 

When a successor assumes all the obligations of its predecessor under a Series of the Securities and the Indenture, the predecessor will be
released from those obligations. 

10. 

Trustee Dealings With Company. 

Subject to certain limitations imposed by the TIA, the Trustee under the Indenture, in its individual or any other capacity, may make loans to,
accept deposits from, and perform services for the Company or its affiliates, and may otherwise deal with the Company or its affiliates, as if it were not the Trustee, including owning or pledging the Securities. 

11. 

No Recourse Against Others. 

A director, officer, employee or stockholder, as such, of the Company shall not have any liability for any obligations of the Company under the
Securities or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the
consideration for the issue of the Securities. The waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws. 

12. 

Discharge of Indenture. 

The Indenture contains certain provisions pertaining to defeasance and discharge, which provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect
as if set forth herein. 

13. 

Authentication. 

This Security shall not be valid until an authorized signatory of the Trustee signs the certificate of authentication on this Security. 

14. 

Abbreviations. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the
entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gift to Minors Act). 

A-5 

15. 

GOVERNING LAW. 

THIS SECURITY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

16. 

CUSIP and ISIN Numbers. 

Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Company has caused CUSIP and ISIN
numbers to be printed on the Securities and has directed the Trustee to use CUSIP and ISIN numbers in notices of repurchase as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made by the Company or the Trustee as to the accuracy of such numbers
either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of repurchase and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

17. 

Copies. 

The Company will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture and the applicable Authorizing
Resolution or supplemental indenture. Requests may be made to: D.R. Horton, Inc., 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, Texas 76011, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. 

18. 

Change of Control Triggering Event. 

In the event that there shall occur a Change of Control Triggering Event, except as otherwise provided in the Indenture, the Company shall make
an offer to each Holder of the Securities to purchase all or any part of such Holders Securities at 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase in accordance with the procedures set forth in
the Indenture. 

19. 

Defaults and Remedies. 

The Events of Default relating to the Securities are defined in Article Six of the Base Indenture as modified by the Supplemental Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Holders shall be as set forth in the Indenture. 

A-6 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

If you the Holder want to assign this Security, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign and transfer this Security to

(Insert assignees social security or tax ID number)

(Print or type assignees name, address, and zip code)

and irrevocably appoint 

agent
to transfer this Security on the books of the Company. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date:

Your signature:

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this
Security) 

Signature Guarantee:

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Security Registrar, which
requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Security Registrar in addition to, or in
substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-7 

EXHIBIT B 

[FORM OF NOTATION ON SECURITY OF GUARANTEE] 

GUARANTEE 

The
undersigned (the Guarantors) have unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally (such guarantee by each Guarantor being referred to herein as the Guarantee) (i) the due and punctual payment of the principal
of and interest on this Security, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, the due and punctual payment of interest on the overdue principal and interest, if any, on this Security, to the extent lawful, and the due and punctual performance
of all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee all in accordance with the terms set forth in Article Nine of the Base Indenture and (ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of this Security or
any of such other obligations, that the same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. 

No past, present or future stockholder, officer, director, employee, incorporator, partner, member or manager, as such, of any of the
Guarantors shall have any liability under the Guarantee by reason of such persons status as stockholder, officer, director, employee, incorporator, partner, member or manager. Each Holder of a Security by accepting a Security waives and
releases all such liability. This waiver and release are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Guarantees. 

Each Holder of
this Security by accepting this Security agrees that any Guarantor named below shall have no further liability with respect to its Guarantee if such Guarantor otherwise ceases to be liable in respect of its Guarantee in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture. 

THE GUARANTEE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

The Guarantee shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication on the Securities upon which the
Guarantee is noted shall have been executed by the Trustee under the Indenture by the signature of one of its authorized officers. 

[Signature of Guarantor(s)]

By: 

Name:

Title

By: 

Name:

Title

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dhi-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dhi-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dhi-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Senior Notes [Member] 
Senior Notes [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dhi-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 26, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name HORTON D R INC /DE/

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000882184

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-14122

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-2386963

Entity Address, Address Line One 1341 Horton Circle

Entity Address, City or Town Arlington

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76011

City Area Code (817)

Local Phone Number 390-8200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

Trading Symbol DHI

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Senior Notes [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title 5.000% Senior Notes due 2034

Trading Symbol DHI 34

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dhi_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dhi_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.drhorton.com//20250226/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d924227d8k.htm 
dhi-20250226.xsd 
dhi-20250226_def.xml 
dhi-20250226_lab.xml 
dhi-20250226_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-036846-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d924227d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000882184 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000882184 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000882184 

us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

HORTON D R INC /DE/ 
false 
0000882184 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
DE 
1-14122 
75-2386963 
1341 Horton Circle 
Arlington 
TX 
76011 
(817) 
390-8200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 per share 
DHI 
NYSE 
5.000% Senior Notes due 2034 
DHI 34 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>