<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-041368.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-041368.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228110433
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-041368
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Infinera Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138639
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				770560433
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33486
		FILM NUMBER:		25684611

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6373 SAN IGNACIO AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-572-5200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6373 SAN IGNACIO AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFINERA Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFINERA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030528

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZEPTON NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010418
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d847449d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

Infinera Corpfalse0001138639--12-2800011386392025-02-282025-02-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 28, 2025

INFINERA CORPORATION

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-33486 77-0560433

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

6373 San Ignacio Avenue

San Jose, California95119

(Address of principal executive offices)

(408)572-5200

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock INFN The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Introductory Note 

As previously disclosed, on June 27, 2024, Infinera Corporation (Infinera) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Nokia Corporation (Nokia) and Neptune of America Corporation (Merger Sub). 

On February 28, 2025 (the Closing Date), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Infinera (the Merger), with Infinera surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of Nokia. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), which time occurred on the Closing Date, each issued and outstanding share of Infineras common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Company Common Stock) (other than as specified in the Merger Agreement), was automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into, at the election of the holder, the right to receive one of the following: 

cash in an amount equal to $6.65, without interest (the Cash Consideration); 

1.7896 American Depositary Shares (each such share, a Nokia ADS) (each whole Nokia ADS representing a beneficial interest in one ordinary share, with no nominal value of Nokia (Nokia Shares)) (such consideration, the Share Consideration, and such Company Common Stock to Nokia ADSs ratio, the Share Consideration Exchange Ratio); or 

cash in an amount equal to $4.66, without interest, and 0.5355 Nokia ADSs (such consideration, the Mixed Consideration and, together with the Cash Consideration and the Share Consideration, the Merger Consideration). 

The Merger Agreement includes a proration mechanism to provide that no more than 30 percent of the aggregate consideration in the Merger is paid in the form of Nokia ADSs. As of the Closing Date, Infinera stockholders had collectively made elections that would result in approximately 72 percent of the aggregate Merger Consideration being paid in the form of Nokia ADSs. Accordingly, and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, approximately 58 percent of the shares of Company Common Stock for which an election to receive the Share Consideration or the Mixed Consideration was made, was instead converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Cash Consideration, with such proration applicable to all holders of Company Common Stock who elected to receive the Share Consideration or the Mixed Consideration. 

If you have any questions regarding the Merger Consideration or the proration, please call Sodali & Co, the information agent for the Merger, at (800) 662-5200 (for registered holders of Infinera Common Stock) or (203) 658-9400 (for banks and brokers) or by email at INFN@investor.sodali.com. 

The information set forth in this Introductory Note is incorporated by reference into each item of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On the Closing Date and in connection with the consummation of the Merger, Infinera and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the Trustee), entered into: 

a first supplemental indenture, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture), to the indenture, dated as of March 9, 2020, by and between Infinera and the Trustee (the 2027 Convertible Notes Base Indenture and, together with the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture, the 2027 Convertible Notes Indenture), relating to Infineras 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Convertible Notes); 

a first supplemental indenture, dated as of February 28, 2025 (the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture), to the indenture, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and between Infinera and the Trustee (the 2028 Convertible Notes Base Indenture and, together with the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture, the 2028 Convertible Notes Indenture), relating to Infineras 3.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Convertible Notes and together with the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Convertible Notes); 

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture and the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture, as applicable, from and after the effective time of the Merger, the Convertible Notes are no longer convertible into shares of Company Common Stock. Rather, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Convertible Notes or the 2028 Convertible Notes, as applicable, into shares of Company Common Stock, has been changed to the right to convert such principal amount solely into a number of units of Reference Property (as defined in the 2027 Convertible Notes Indenture or 2028 Convertible Notes Indenture, as applicable (together, the Convertible Notes Indentures)) equal to the conversion rate of the 2027 Convertible Notes or 2028 Convertible Notes, as applicable, in effect on the applicable conversion date (subject to any adjustments pursuant to the applicable Convertible Notes Indenture), with each unit of Reference Property consisting of $4.66 in cash and 0.5355 Nokia ADSs. The foregoing descriptions of the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture and the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture and the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture, as applicable. Copies of the 2027 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture and the 2028 Convertible Notes First Supplemental Indenture are filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference. 

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On the Closing Date and in connection with the consummation of the Merger, all outstanding obligations under the Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement), dated as of June 24, 2022, among Infinera, the other obligors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, were repaid and the Loan Agreement was terminated. The Loan Agreement previously provided for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to $200 million, which Infinera could draw upon from time to time. Infinera could increase the total commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to an additional $100 million, subject to certain conditions. In addition, the Loan Agreement provided for a $50 million letter of credit subfacility and a $20 million swingline loan facility. 

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

On the Closing Date, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Merger was consummated. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than as specified in the Merger Agreement), was automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive the applicable Merger Consideration. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, Infineras outstanding restricted stock units (each, a Company RSU) were treated in the following manner: 

Each outstanding RSU (other than any RSU held by a non-employee director of Infinera (a Company Director RSU) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time was converted automatically into a number of time-based restricted stock unit awards of Nokia (each, a Nokia RSU) equal to (1) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (2) the Share Consideration Exchange Ratio. Each such Nokia RSU is subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (including vesting terms). 

Each outstanding Company Director RSU fully vested and converted automatically into the right to receive (without interest) the Cash Consideration in respect of each share of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Director RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time. 

Each Company RSU subject to performance-based vesting conditions (a Company PSU) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time vested to the extent provided in (1) the award agreement governing such Company PSU and (2) any other vesting terms that were applicable. Then, as applicable: 

If such Company PSU became vested with respect to both performance-based and service-based vesting conditions, such Company PSU became entitled to receive $6.65 per Company PSU in cash; 

If such Company PSU was subject to performance-based vesting conditions that (a) were measured at the Effective Time and deemed earned or (b) were otherwise deemed no longer applicable, but, in each case, remained subject to service-based vesting conditions, then such Company PSU was converted into a Nokia RSU in the same manner provided in the first bullet of this section; and 

If such Company PSU was subject to performance-based vesting conditions that were measured and deemed not to be earned (unless the performance-based vesting conditions were otherwise deemed no longer applicable) at the Effective Time, then such Company PSU was canceled for no consideration. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Merger and the Merger Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which was filed by Infinera as Exhibit 2.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2024, and is incorporated by reference. 

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting. 

On the Closing Date, Infinera notified the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and requested that Nasdaq (1) suspend trading of the Company Common Stock, (2) withdraw the Company Common Stock from listing on Nasdaq, and (3) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 25 a notification of delisting and deregistration under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), to delist the Company Common Stock from Nasdaq. As a result, trading of the Company Common Stock on Nasdaq was suspended prior to the opening of Nasdaq on the Closing Date. 

Following the effectiveness of the Form 25, Infinera intends to file with the SEC a Form 15 requesting the termination of registration of the Company Common Stock under the Exchange Act and the suspension of reporting obligations under Section 13 and Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than as specified in the Merger Agreement), was automatically cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive the applicable Merger Consideration. Accordingly, at the Effective Time, the holders of shares of Company Common Stock ceased to have any rights as stockholders of Infinera, other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration. 

Item 5.01 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change in control of Infinera occurred. Following the consummation of the Merger, Infinera became a wholly owned subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of Nokia. 

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers. 

As a result of the Merger and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, George A. Riedel, Christine B. Bucklin, Gregory P. Dougherty, David W. Heard, Sharon E. Holt, Roop K. Lakkaraju, Paul J. Milbury, Amy H. Rice and David F. Welch, each of whom was a director of Infinera as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, ceased to be a director of Infinera and a member of any committee of Infineras Board of Directors. 

Item 5.03 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. 

At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Infinera were amended and restated in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws of Infinera are filed as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, respectively, and are incorporated by reference. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On the Closing Date, Infinera commenced offers to purchase for cash any and all of its outstanding 2027 Convertible Notes and 2028 Convertible Notes, in each case, at an offer price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of purchase (collectively, the Change of Control Offer). The Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to the applicable Convertible Notes Indenture governing the Convertible Notes, which require Infinera to offer to purchase the Convertible Notes following the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (as defined in each Convertible Notes Indenture), such as the closing of the Merger. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security. No offer, solicitation, or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Exhibit

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 27, 2024, among Nokia Corporation, Neptune of America Corporation and Infinera Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024* 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Infinera Corporation (effective February 28, 2025). 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Infinera Corporation (effective February 28, 2025). 

4.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2025, to the Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2020, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association). 

4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2025, to the Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* 

Schedules and exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Infinera will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Infinera may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or exhibits so furnished. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

INFINERA CORPORATION

Date: February 28, 2025 By: 

/s/ Nancy Erba

Nancy Erba

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d847449dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

FORM OF 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

INFINERA CORPORATION 

FIRST: The name of the Corporation is Infinera Corporation (the Corporation). 

SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, County of New
Castle, 19808. The name of its registered agent at that address is Corporation Services Company. 

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is
to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the Delaware Code (as amended from time to time, the DGCL). 

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 100 shares of Common Stock, each having a
par value of $ 0.01. 

FIFTH: The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of
the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders: 

1. 

The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of
Directors. 

2. 

The directors shall have concurrent power with the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the
Corporation (the Bylaws). 

3. 

The number of directors constituting the Corporations Board of Directors shall be as from time to time
fixed by, or in the manner provided in, the Bylaws. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 

4. 

No director or Officer shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or Officer, except for liability of: (i) a director or Officer for any breach of the directors or Officers duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders; (ii) a
director or Officer for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) a director under Section 174 of the DGCL; (iv) a director or Officer for any transaction from
which the director or Officer derived an improper personal benefit; or (v) an Officer in any action by or in the right of the Corporation. Any amendment, repeal or elimination of this Article FIFTH shall not affect its application with respect
to an act or omission by a director or Officer occurring before such amendment, repeal or elimination. All references in this Article FIFTH to an Officer shall mean only a person who, at the time of an act or omission as to which
liability is asserted, falls within the meaning of the term officer, as defined in Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. 

5. 

In addition to the powers and authority hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, the directors
are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation, and the Bylaws; provided,
however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the directors that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been so adopted, amended or repealed. 

SIXTH: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. The books and records of the
Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws. 

SEVENTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in
the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 

The
foregoing amendment and restatement was approved by the holders of the requisite number of shares of this corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. 

This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which restates and integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporations Certificate
of Incorporation, has been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 and 245 of the DGCL.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d847449dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

FORM OF 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS 

OF 

Infinera Corporation 

A Delaware
Corporation 

Effective February 28th, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1. 

Registered Office 5 

Section 2. 

Other Offices 5 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1. 

Place of Meetings 5 

Section 2. 

Annual Meetings 5 

Section 3. 

Special Meetings 5 

Section 4. 

Notice 6 

Section 5. 

Adjournments and Postponements 6 

Section 6. 

Quorum 6 

Section 7. 

Voting 6 

Section 8. 

Proxies 7 

Section 9. 

Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting 7 

Section 10. 

List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 8 

Section 11. 

Record Date 8 

Section 12. 

Stock Ledger 9 

Section 13. 

Conduct of Meetings 9 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

Section 1. 

Number and Election of Directors 10 

Section 2. 

Vacancies 10 

Section 3. 

Duties and Powers 10 

Section 4. 

Meetings 10 

Section 5. 

Organization 11 

Section 6. 

Resignations and Removals of Directors 11 

Section 7. 

Quorum 11 

Section 8. 

Actions of the Board by Written Consent 12 

Section 9. 

Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone 12 

Section 10. 

Committees 12 

Section 11. 

Subcommittees 13 

Section 12. 

Compensation 13 

Section 13. 

Interested Directors 13 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 1. 

General 13 

Section 2. 

Election 14 

Section 3. 

Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation 14 

Section 4. 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 14 

Section 5. 

President 14 

Section 6. 

Vice Presidents 15 

Section 7. 

Secretary 15 

Section 8. 

Treasurer 15 

Section 9. 

Assistant Secretaries 15 

Section 10. 

Assistant Treasurers 16 

Section 11. 

Other Officers 16 

ARTICLE V 

STOCK 

Section 1. 

Form of Certificates 16 

Section 2. 

Signatures 16 

Section 3. 

Lost Certificates 16 

Section 4. 

Transfers 17 

Section 5. 

Dividend Record Date 17 

Section 6. 

Record Owners 17 

Section 7. 

Transfer and Registry Agents 17 

ARTICLE VI 

NOTICES 

Section 1. 

Notices 17 

Section 2. 

Waivers of Notice 18 

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 1. 

Dividends 18 

Section 2. 

Disbursements 19 

Section 3. 

Fiscal Year 19 

Section 4. 

Corporate Seal 19 

ARTICLE VIII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 1. 

Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the
Corporation 19 

Section 2. 

Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation 19 

Section 3. 

Authorization of Indemnification 20 

Section 4. 

Good Faith Defined 20 

Section 5. 

Indemnification by a Court 20 

Section 6. 

Expenses Payable in Advance 21 

Section 7. 

Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 21 

Section 8. 

Insurance 21 

Section 9. 

Certain Definitions 22 

Section 10. 

Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses 22 

Section 11. 

Limitation on Indemnification 22 

Section 12. 

Indemnification of Employees and Agents 22 

ARTICLE IX 

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES 

Section 1. 

Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes 23 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 1. 

Amendments 23 

Section 2. 

Entire Board of Directors 23 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS 

OF 

Infinera Corporation 

(hereinafter called the Corporation) 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, County of New
Castle, State of Delaware, 19808. 

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both
within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at
such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of the stockholders shall not be
held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication in the manner authorized by Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL). 

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at
such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Section 3. Special Meetings. Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as
amended and restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), Special Meetings of Stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or
(ii) the President, or (iii) any Vice President, if there be one, or (iv) the Secretary or (v) any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, and shall be called by any such officer at the request in writing of (i) the Board of
Directors, (ii) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings or (iii) stockholders owning a majority of the capital
stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on the matter for which such Special Meeting of Stockholders is called. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. At a Special Meeting of
Stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto). 

5 

Section 4. Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any
action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting, in the form of writing or electronic transmission, shall be given in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL, and shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote
communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, if such date is different from the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting and, in the case of a Special Meeting of Stockholders, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by law, notice of any meeting shall
be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such meeting. 

Section 5. Adjournments and Postponements. Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned or postponed from time to time by the
chairman of such meeting or by the Board of Directors, without the need for approval thereof by stockholders to reconvene or convene, respectively at the same or some other place. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned or postponed meeting
if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned or postponed meeting are announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is taken or with respect to a postponed meeting, are publicly announced. At the adjourned or postponed meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the
adjournment or postponement is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting. If, after the adjournment or postponement, a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned or postponed meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned or postponed
meeting in accordance with Section 11 of this Article II hereof, and shall give notice of the adjourned or postponed meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned or postponed meeting as of the record date fixed for notice
of such adjourned or postponed meeting. 

Section 6. Quorum. Unless otherwise required by the DGCL or other applicable law or
the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the Corporations capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the
stockholders for the transaction of business. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the
stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 of this Article II hereof, until a quorum shall
be present or represented. 

Section 7. Voting. Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, or permitted by the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than the
election of directors, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of the Corporations capital stock present at the meeting in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question,
voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to Section 11 of this Article II (a), each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote
for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 8 of this Article II. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the
Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officers discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot. 

6 

Section 8. Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of the
stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted upon after three years from its date,
unless such proxy provides for a longer period. 

Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for
such stockholder as proxy, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: 

(i) A stockholder, or such stockholders authorized director, officer, employee or agent, may execute a document
authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. 

(ii) A stockholder may authorize another
person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service
organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission; provided that any such transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be
determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such transmissions are valid, the inspectors or, if there are no inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information on
which they relied. 

Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the document (including any electronic transmission)
authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder may be substituted or used in lieu of the original document for any and all purposes for which the original document could be used; provided, however, that such copy,
facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original document. 

Section 9.
Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a
meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with Section 228(d) of the DGCL. A consent must be set forth in writing or in an
electronic transmission. No consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner required by this
Section 9 within sixty (60) days of the first date on which a consent is so delivered to the Corporation. Any person executing a consent may provide, whether through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that such a consent will be
effective at a future time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event), no later 

7 

than sixty (60) days after such instruction is given or such provision is made, if evidence of such instruction or provision is provided to the Corporation. If the person is not a
stockholder of record when the consent is executed, the consent shall not be valid unless the person is a stockholder of record as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to the action. Unless otherwise provided, any such
consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing
could be used; provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous consent
shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that consents signed by
a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided above in this Section 9. 

Section 10. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Corporation shall prepare, at least ten (10) days before every meeting
of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting; provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the
list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date. Such list shall be arranged in alphabetical order, and show the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of
each stockholder; provided that the Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose
germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days before the meeting date (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network; provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice
of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable
steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole
time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. 

Section 11. Record Date. 

(a) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of the stockholders or any
adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty
(60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of
Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for
determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall 

8 

be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is
held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for
determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix, as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting, the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination
of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 11. 

(b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without
a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its
registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the
Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 

Section 12. Stock Ledger. The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled
to examine the list of stockholders required by Section 10 of this Article II or the books and records of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. As used herein, the stock ledger of the Corporation
shall refer to one (1) or more records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in which the names of all of the Corporations stockholders of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each such stockholder,
and all issuances and transfer of stock of the Corporation are recorded in accordance with Section 224 of the DGCL. 

Section 13.
Conduct of Meetings. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over
by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there shall be one, or in his or her absence, or there shall not be a Chairman of the Board of Directors or in his or her absence, the President. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to
appoint a temporary chairman to serve at any meeting of the stockholders if the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President is unable to do so for any reason. Except to the extent inconsistent with any rules and regulations adopted by the
Board of 

9 

Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of
such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following:
(i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining
order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the
chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by stockholders. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS

Section 1. Number and Election of Directors. The Board of Directors shall consist of not less than one nor more than
twelve members, each of whom shall be a natural person, the exact number of which shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the
votes cast at each Annual Meeting of Stockholders and each director so elected shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until such directors successor is duly elected and qualified, or until such directors
earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors need not be stockholders. 

Section 2. Vacancies. Unless otherwise required by
law or the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies or newly created directorships on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a director, or from an increase in the number of directors
constituting the Board of Directors or such committee or otherwise, may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. The directors so chosen shall, in the case of the Board
of Directors, hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal and, in the case of any committee of the Board of Directors, shall hold office
until their successors are duly appointed by the Board of Directors or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Section 3.
Duties and Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation except as may be otherwise provided in the DGCL, the
Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

Section 4. Meetings. The
Board of Directors and any committee thereof may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be held without notice at such time and
at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors or such committee, respectively. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the President, or by
any director. Special meetings of any committee of the Board of Directors may be called by the chairman of such committee, if there be one, the President, or any director serving on such committee. Notice of any special meeting stating the place,
date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director (or, in the case of a committee, to each member of such committee) not less than twenty-four hours before the date of the meeting, by telephone, or in the form of a writing or electronic
transmission, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances. 

10 

Section 5. Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors or any
committee thereof, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the chairman of such committee, as the case may be, or, in his or her absence or if there be none, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman of such
meeting. Except as provided below, the Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors and of each committee thereof. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors or
of any committee thereof, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person
to act as secretary of the meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the members of each committee of the Board of Directors may appoint any person to act as secretary of any meeting of such committee and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of
the Corporation may, but need not if such committee so elects, serve in such capacity. 

Section 6. Resignations and Removals of
Directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign from the Board of Directors or any committee thereof at any time, by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, the
President or the Secretary of the Corporation and, in the case of a committee, to the chairman of such committee, if there be one. Such resignation shall take effect when delivered or, if such resignation specifies a later effective time or an
effective time, determined upon the happening of an event or events, in which case, such resignation takes effect upon such effective time. Unless otherwise specified in such resignation, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if
any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting
power of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors. Any director serving on a committee of the Board of Directors may be removed from such committee at any time by the Board of
Directors. 

Section 7. Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law, or the Certificate of Incorporation or the rules and
regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, at all meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, a majority of the entire Board of Directors
or a majority of the directors constituting such committee, as the case may be, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the vote of a majority of the directors or committee members, as applicable, present at any meeting at
which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors or such committee, as applicable. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, the directors present thereat may adjourn the
meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

11 

Section 8. Actions of the Board by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in
the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or such
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. Any person, whether or not then a director, may provide, through instruction to an agent or otherwise, that a consent to action will be effective at a future
time (including a time determined upon the happening of an event) no later than sixty (60) days after such instruction is given or such provision is made and such consent shall be deemed to have been given at such effective time so long as such
person is then a director and did not revoke the consent prior to such time. Any such consent shall be revocable prior to its becoming effective. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of
the proceedings of the Board of Directors, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. 

Section 9. Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which
all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 10. Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of
the directors of the Corporation. Each member of a committee must meet the requirements for membership, if any, imposed by applicable law and the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the
Corporation are listed or quoted for trading. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. Subject to the
rules and regulations of any securities exchange or quotation system on which the securities of the Corporation are listed or quoted for trading, in the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by
the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another qualified member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such
committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may
require it; provided, however, that no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve, adopt, or recommend to the stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by
the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend, or repeal any of these Bylaws. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Article III, the resolution of the Board of Directors establishing any committee of the Board of Directors and/or the charter of any such committee may establish requirements or procedures relating to the governance and/or
operation of such committee that are different from, or in addition to, those set forth in these Bylaws and, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between these Bylaws and any such resolution or charter, the terms of such resolution or
charter shall be controlling. 

12 

Section 11. Subcommittees. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of
Incorporation, these Bylaws, or the resolution of the Board of Directors designating a committee, such committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a
subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. Except for references to committees and members of committees in Section 10 of this Article III, every reference in these Bylaws to a committee of the Board of Directors or a
member of a committee shall be deemed to include a reference to a subcommittee or member of a subcommittee. 

Section 12.
Compensation. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as
director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation
for service as committee members. 

Section 13. Interested Directors. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and
one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest,
shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because
any such directors or officers vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the
Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less
than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the directors or officers relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or
transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee
thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes such contract or transaction. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

Section 1. General. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a President, a
Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and other officers. Any
number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation. 

13 

Section 2. Election. The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after
each Annual Meeting of Stockholders (or action by written consent of stockholders in lieu of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders),19 shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their
offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officers successor is elected
and qualified, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be
filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3. Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and
other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such
officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation or other entity in which the Corporation
may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The
Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

Section 4. Chairman
of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be the Chief Executive Officer of
the Corporation, unless the Board of Directors designates the President as the Chief Executive Officer, and, except where by law the signature of the President is required, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall possess the same power as the
President to sign all contracts, certificates and other instruments of the Corporation which may be authorized by the Board of Directors. During the absence or disability of the President, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall exercise all
the powers and discharge all the duties of the President. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these Bylaws or by the Board of
Directors. 

Section 5. President. The President shall, subject to the oversight and control of the Board of Directors and, if
there be one, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The President shall execute all bonds,
mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation
may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these Bylaws, the Board of Directors or the President. In the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be none, the President shall preside at all meetings of
the stockholders and, if the President is also a director, the Board of Directors. If there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if the Board of Directors shall otherwise designate, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation. The President shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors. 

14 

Section 6. Vice Presidents. At the request of the President or in the
Presidents absence or in the event of the Presidents inability or refusal to act (and if there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors), the Vice President, or the Vice Presidents if there are more than one (in the order designated by
the Board of Directors), shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Each Vice President shall perform such other duties and have such other
powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe. If there be no Chairman of the Board of Directors and no Vice President, the Board of Directors shall designate the officer of the Corporation who, in the absence of the President or
in the event of the inability or refusal of the President to act, shall perform the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. 

Section 7. Secretary. The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and
record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all
meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President, under whose supervision the
Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of
Directors or the President may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the
same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the
seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officers signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept
or filed, as the case may be. 

Section 8. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody of the Corporations funds and
securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as
may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors or the President taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and
the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall
give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of the Treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case
of the Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Treasurers possession or under the Treasurers control belonging to the
Corporation. 

Section 9. Assistant Secretaries. Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have
such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretarys inability or
refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary. 

15 

Section 10. Assistant Treasurers. Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall
perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the
Treasurers inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer. If required by the Board of Directors, an Assistant
Treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of Assistant Treasurer and for the restoration to
the Corporation, in case of the Assistant Treasurers death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in the Assistant Treasurers possession or under the
Assistant Treasurers control belonging to the Corporation. 

Section 11. Other Officers. Such other officers as the Board
of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other
officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers. 

ARTICLE V 

STOCK 

Section 1.
Form of Certificates. Every holder of stock in the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any two authorized officers of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by
such stockholder in the Corporation. The Corporation shall not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form. 

Section 2.
Signatures. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such
officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 

Section 3. Lost Certificates. The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate
theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new
certificate, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to advertise the same in
such manner as the Board of Directors shall require and/or to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 

16 

Section 4. Transfers. Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the
manner prescribed by applicable law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation only by the person named in the certificate or by such persons attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon the
surrender of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes; provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement or payment of taxes shall not be required in any case in which the
officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. Every certificate exchanged, returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be marked Canceled, with the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or Assistant
Secretary of the Corporation or the transfer agent thereof. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom
transferred. 

Section 5. Dividend Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board
of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date
is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

Section 6. Record Owners. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books
as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law. 

Section 7. Transfer and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies
and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VI 

NOTICES 

Section 1.
Notices. Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, such notice may be given in writing directed to such directors,
committee members or stockholders mailing address (or by electronic transmission directed to such directors, committee members or stockholder electronic mail address, as applicable) as it appears on the records of the
Corporation and shall be given: (a) if mailed, when the notice is deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, (b) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such directors,
committee members or stockholders address or (c) if given by electronic mail, when directed to such directors, committee members or stockholders electronic mail address unless such director, committee member or
stockholder has notified the corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited by the under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
Without limiting the manner by 

17 

which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, but subject to Section 232(e) of the DGCL, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under applicable law, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice or
electronic transmission to the Corporation. The Corporation may give notice by electronic mail in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 1 without obtaining the consent required by the second sentence of this Section 1. Notice
given by electronic transmission, as described above, shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by a posting on an electronic
network, together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; and (iii) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when
directed to the stockholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice may not be given by an electronic transmission from and after the time that (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by such electronic transmission two consecutive notices
given by the Corporation and (ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the
inadvertent failure to discover such inability shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 

Section 2. Waivers of
Notice. Whenever any notice is required, by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons
entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting, present in person or
represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any Annual or Special Meeting of Stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in
any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 

ARTICLE VII 

GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the
DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with
Section 8 of Article III hereof), and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporations capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends
such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds,
debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may
modify or abolish any such reserve. 

18 

Section 2. Disbursements. All checks or demands for money and notes of the
Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 4. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its
organization and the words Corporate Seal, Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

ARTICLE VIII 

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation.
Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a
plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful. 

Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 3 of
this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person
acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall
have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. 

19 

Section 3. Authorization of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this
Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such
person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer of the Corporation at
the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such
directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with
respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on
the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case. 

Section 4. Good
Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this Article VIII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or
another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or
records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions of this
Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the
case may be. 

Section 5. Indemnification by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under
Section 3 of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of
Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or
officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under
Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct.
Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall
also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application. 

20 

Section 6. Expenses Payable in Advance. Expenses (including attorneys
fees) incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII.
Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the Corporation or by persons serving at the request of the Corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. 

Section 7. Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided
by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the
persons specified in Section 1 and Section 2 of this Article VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal or elimination of a provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or
impairment after such act or omission has occurred. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the
Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify, under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise. 

Section 8. Insurance.
The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status
as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII. For purposes of this Section 8, insurance shall include any insurance
provided directly or indirectly (including pursuant to any fronting or reinsurance arrangement) by or through a captive insurance company in accordance with the requirements of Section 145(g) of the DGCL. 

21 

Section 9. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to
the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would
have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of
such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the
resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to officers shall mean only a person who at
the time of such or omission is deemed to have consented to service by the delivery of process to the registered agent of the Corporation pursuant to Section 3114(b) of Title 10 of the Delaware Code (treating residents of the State of Delaware
as if they were nonresidents to apply Section 3114(b) of Title 10 of the Delaware Code to this sentence). The term another enterprise as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to fines shall include any excise
taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties
on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VIII. 

Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by,
or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of
such a person. 

Section 11. Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the
contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 of this Article VIII), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or
personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Section 12. Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the
Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to officers, employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation. 

22 

ARTICLE IX 

FORUM FOR ADJUDICATION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES 

Section 1. Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any
action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any
action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws
(each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the
State of Delaware; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding
shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by
the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation gives an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the
United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Failure to enforce the
foregoing provisions would cause the Corporation irreparable harm and the Corporation shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. Any person or entity purchasing,
otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 1. The existence of any prior Alternative Forum Consent shall not act as
a waiver of the Corporations ongoing consent right as set forth above in this Section 1 with respect to any current or future actions or claims. 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 1. Amendments. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new Bylaws may be adopted by the
stockholders or by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws be contained in the notice of a meeting of the stockholders or Board of Directors, as the case may be,
called for the purpose of acting upon any proposed alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new Bylaws. All such alterations, amendments, repeals or adoptions of new Bylaws must be approved by either the holders of a majority of the outstanding
capital stock entitled to vote thereon or by a majority of the entire Board of Directors then in office. Any amendment to these Bylaws adopted by stockholders which specifies the votes that shall be necessary for the election of directors shall not
be further amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. Entire Board of Directors. As used in this Article X and
in these Bylaws generally, the term entire Board of Directors means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 

* * * 

Adopted as of:
February 28, 2025 

23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d847449dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

This First Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 28, 2025, is entered into by and
among Infinera Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Infinera) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), a national banking association, as trustee hereunder
(the Trustee). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Indenture referred to below. 

WHEREAS, Infinera and the Trustee are parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2020 (the Indenture),
relating to the issuance of the 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, Infinera, Nokia
Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland (Nokia), and Neptune of America Corporation, a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Nokia (Merger
Sub), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 27, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Infinera, with Infinera being the surviving entity and
becoming a wholly owned subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of Nokia (the Merger). Each share of Infineras common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive (i) cash in an amount equal to $6.65, without interest, (ii) 1.7896 American Depositary Shares of Nokia (each representing a
beneficial interest in one ordinary share of Nokia, with no nominal value (Nokia Shares)) or (iii) cash in an amount equal to $4.66, without interest, and 0.5355 Nokia Shares, in each case as set forth in the Merger
Agreement; 

WHEREAS, Section 13.07 of the Indenture provides, among other things, that in the event of a consolidation, merger or
combination involving Infinera, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger
Event), then Infinera or the successor or purchasing company, as the case may be, will execute with the Trustee and without the consent of the Holders, a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Merger
Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or
any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each
unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event; provided, however, that at and after the
effective time of the Merger Event (A) Infinera shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 of the Indenture
and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 of the Indenture shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to
deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 of the Indenture shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such
Merger Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property; 

WHEREAS,
Section 13.07 of the Indenture further provides that if the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of
stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference
Property for purposes of Section 13.07 of the Indenture shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, holders of Common Stock received a weighted average of (i) $4.66 and (ii) 0.5355 Nokia Shares for
each share of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger; 

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Merger Event, Fundamental
Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change; 

WHEREAS, in accordance with Sections 10.01(f) and 10.01(i) of the Indenture, Infinera
and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes as provided in this Supplemental Indenture without notice to, or consent of, any Holder, in connection with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into
Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 13.02 of the Indenture, and make related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 13.07 of the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, each of Infinera, Nokia and the Trustee have duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Infinera has furnished the Trustee with an Opinion of Counsel and an Officers Certificate in accordance with the Indenture,
stating that the Supplemental Indenture complies with Section 10.01 and Section 13.07 of the Indenture, that the execution of this Supplemental Indenture is authorized or permitted by the Indenture, that all conditions precedent to the
actions contemplated by the Supplemental Indenture have been complied with and that this Supplemental Indenture is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Infinera; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of Infinera, Nokia and the Trustee and a valid amendment
of, and supplement to, the Indenture and the Notes have been done, and the entry into this Supplemental Indenture by the parties hereto is in all respects authorized by the provisions of the Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. (a) The following definitions in Section 1.01 of the Indenture are hereby
amended and restated as follows: 

Common Stock means the ordinary shares of Nokia, with no nominal value
(including such shares represented by American Depository Receipts), subject to Section 13.07. 

Daily
Conversion Valuemeans, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, 2.5% of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the sum of (1) the product of the Daily
VWAP on such Trading Day and the Equity Component and (2) the Cash Component. 

Daily Settlement
Amountfor each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, shall consist of: 

(a)
cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day; and 

(b) if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of Nokia Consideration
Units equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the sum of (x) the product of the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day and the Equity Component and (y) the
Cash Component. 

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant
Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page NOK AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of
the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such
Trading Day reasonably determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. 

2 

(b) The following definitions are hereby added to Section 1.01 of the
Indenture: 

Cash Componentmeans the cash portion of the Nokia Consideration Unit, which is $4.46
per Nokia Consideration Unit, without interest. 

Equity Component means, subject to adjustment as
provided in Article 13, 0.5355 shares of Common Stock per Nokia Consideration Unit. 

Equity Price
Component shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.03(c). 

Nokiameans Nokia
Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland, and, subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 

Nokia Consideration Unit means (i) the Equity Component plus (ii) the Cash Component. 

ARTICLE II 

EFFECTOFTHE MERGER

Section 2.01. All references to (i) share of
Common Stock, shares of Common Stock and Common Stock in Sections 13.01(a), 13.01 (b)(i) and the last sentence of 13.02(a)(iii) of the Indenture, the Face of Note (other than in the legend), the Reverse of Note, and the
first sentence of the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Indenture are hereby amended and replaced with Nokia Consideration Units, (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the in the
definition of Trading Price in Section 1.01 and in Section 13.01(b)(i) of the Indenture are hereby amended and replaced with (1) the sum of (x) the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the
Equity Component and (y) the Cash Component and (2) the, (iii) Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock in Section 13.01(b)(iv) of the Indenture is hereby amended and replaced with sum of (x) the
product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Equity Component and (y) the Cash Component and (iv) Conversion Rate in Sections 13.04 (other than as set forth in Sections 2.04, 2.05 and 2.06 below) and
13.10 of the Indenture is hereby amended and replaced with Equity Component (unless other treatment is expressly specified below). 

Section 2.02. Section 13.03(c) of the Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined
by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective or the date of the Notice of Optional Redemption, as the case may be (in each case, the Effective Date) and
the amount (the Stock Price) equal to the sum of (i) the price (the Equity Price Component) paid (or deemed to be paid) for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Equity Component in the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change or with respect to the Notice of Optional Redemption, as the case may be, and (ii) the Cash Component. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change
described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Equity Price Component shall be the cash amount paid for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Equity Component in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. Otherwise, the
Equity Price Component shall be the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of a share of Common Stock over the five Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading-Day
immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the date of the Notice of Optional Redemption, as the case may be, and (y) the Equity Component. The company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner
shall make appropriate adjustments to the Stock Price, in its good faith determination, to account for any adjustment to the Equity Component that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Equity Component where the Ex-Dividend Date of the event occurs, during such five consecutive Trading-Day period. 

3 

Section 2.03. Section 13.03(e) of the Indenture is hereby
amended by (a) deleting the phrase Additional Shares of Common Stock and replacing it with Additional Shares, (b) deleting the phrase 169.7792 shares of Common Stock and replacing it with 169.7792 Nokia
Consideration Units and (c) deleting the following text , subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 13.04. 

Section 2.04. The introductory paragraph of Section 13.04 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.05. Sections 13.04(c) and (d) of the Indenture are hereby amended by deleting the phrase a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.06. Section 13.04(d) of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrase a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.07. Section 13.05 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrase the Conversion
Rate each time it appears and replacing it with the Conversion Rate or the Equity Component. 

Section 2.08. In accordance with Section 13.07 of the Indenture, Section 13.07 of the Indenture is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Section 13.07. Effect of Recapitalizations,
Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock(d) . (a) In the case of: 

(i) any recapitalization,
reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), 

(ii) any
consolidation, merger or combination involving the Company, 

(iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of
the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety, or 

(iv) any
statutory share exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other
securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event), then the Company, or the successor or purchasing company, as the case may be, will execute with the Trustee and
without the consent of the Holders, a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal
amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of Nokia Consideration Units equal to the Conversion Rate immediately
prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one Nokia
Consideration Units is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event (A) the Company shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be
paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 shall continue to be payable in
cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of
that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property. 

4 

If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or
exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the portion of the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible allocable to
the Equity Component of a Nokia Consideration Units shall be deemed to be the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding
paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions that occur after the effective
date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased pursuant to
Section 13.03), multiplied by the sum of (I) the product of the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and Equity Component and (II) the Cash Component and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion
Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such
weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. 

Such supplemental indenture described in the
second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article XIII. If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference
Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Merger Event, then such supplemental
indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing,
including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article XIV. 

(b) In the event the Company shall
execute a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 13.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities
or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver notice thereof to
all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be mailed to each Holder, at its address appearing on the Note Register provided for in this Indenture, within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to
deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture. 

(c) The Company shall not
become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 13.07. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, Nokia Consideration Units or a combination
of cash and Nokia Consideration Units, as applicable, as set forth in Section 13.01 and Section 13.02 prior to the effective date of such Merger Event. 

(d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 

Section 2.09. Section 13.09 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrase the Conversion
Rate each time it appears and replacing it with the Conversion Rate or the Equity Component. 

5 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 3.01. Effectiveness of Amendments. Article II shall be effective immediately upon the effectiveness of the
Merger. Infinera and Nokia agree to notify the Trustee in writing of the occurrence of such effective time. 

Section 3.02. Concerning the Trustee. The Trustee assumes no duties, responsibilities, or liabilities by reason of
this Supplemental Indenture other than as set forth in the Indenture. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of (i) the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, (ii) the correctness
of any of the provisions contained herein, or (iii) the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by Infinera. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, the Trustee is not charged with knowledge of the Merger
Agreement or any terms thereof. 

Section 3.03. Supplemental Indenture Controls. In the event of a conflict or
inconsistency between the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall control. 

Section 3.04. Representations and Warranties. Infinera and Nokia each represent that (a) it has all necessary
power and authority to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and to perform its obligations under the Indenture, (b) it is a corporation or company, as applicable, organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
or the Republic of Finland, respectively, (c) both before and immediately after giving effect to both the Merger and this Supplemental Indenture, no Default or Event of Default has or will have occurred or be continuing, and (d) this
Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture and does not require the consent of Holders. 

Section 3.05. Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or
related to this Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

Section 3.06. Execution in Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based
record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law,
including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

Section 3.07. Confirmation of Indenture. Except as amended and supplemented hereby, the Indenture is hereby
ratified, confirmed and reaffirmed in all respects. The Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 3.08. Headings. The titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Supplemental Indenture have
been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 3.09. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This Supplemental Indenture may not be used to
interpret another indenture, loan, or debt agreement other than the Indenture for purposes of the Notes. Any such indenture, loan, or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 3.10. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements made by Infinera and Nokia in this Supplemental
Indenture shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns, whether expressed or not. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

INFINERA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Nancy Erba

Name: Nancy Erba

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

NOKIA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Tommi Kolehmainen

Name: Tommi Kolehmainen

Title: Authorized Signatory

NOKIA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Johanna Mandelin

Name: Johanna Mandelin

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d847449dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

This First Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as of February 28, 2025, is entered into by and
among Infinera Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Infinera) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association, as trustee hereunder (the Trustee). Capitalized terms used herein
and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Indenture referred to below. 

WHEREAS, Infinera and the Trustee are
parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of August 8, 2022 (the Indenture), relating to the issuance of the 3.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes); 

WHEREAS, Infinera, Nokia Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland (Nokia), and
Neptune of America Corporation, a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Nokia (Merger Sub), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 27, 2024 (the Merger
Agreement), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Infinera, with Infinera being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of Nokia (the Merger). Each share of
Infineras common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled, extinguished and converted into the right to receive
(i) cash in an amount equal to $6.65, without interest, (ii) 1.7896 American Depositary Shares of Nokia (each representing a beneficial interest in one ordinary share of Nokia, with no nominal value (Nokia Shares)) or
(iii) cash in an amount equal to $4.66, without interest, and 0.5355 Nokia Shares, in each case as set forth in the Merger Agreement; 

WHEREAS, Section 13.07 of the Indenture provides, among other things, that in the event of a consolidation, merger or combination
involving Infinera, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event),
then Infinera or the successor or purchasing company, as the case may be, will execute with the Trustee and without the consent of the Holders, a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right
to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination
thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of
Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the
Merger Event the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated and settled in accordance with Section 13.02 of the Indenture such that (A) the amount otherwise payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes as set forth under Section 13.02
of the Indenture shall continue to be payable in cash, (B) the Company shall continue to have the right to elect to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the
Conversion Obligation in excess of the principal amount of the Notes being converted as set forth under Section 13.02 of the Indenture, (C) the number of shares of Common Stock, if any, otherwise deliverable upon conversion of the Notes in
accordance with Section 13.02 of the Indenture shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event and (D) the Daily VWAP
shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property; 

WHEREAS, Section 13.07 of the Indenture further provides
that if the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference
Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of Section 13.07 of the
Indenture shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to
the Merger Agreement, holders of Common Stock received a weighted average of (i) $4.66 and (ii) 0.5355 Nokia Shares for each share of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger; 

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Merger Event, Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change; 

WHEREAS, in accordance with Sections 10.01(f) and 10.01(i) of the Indenture, Infinera
and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes as provided in this Supplemental Indenture without notice to, or consent of, any Holder, in connection with any Merger Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into
Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 13.02 of the Indenture, and make related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 13.07 of the Indenture; 

WHEREAS, each of Infinera, Nokia and the Trustee have duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture; 

WHEREAS, Infinera has furnished the Trustee with an Opinion of Counsel and an Officers Certificate in accordance with the Indenture,
stating that the Supplemental Indenture complies with Section 10.01 and Section 13.07 of the Indenture, that the execution of this Supplemental Indenture is authorized or permitted by the Indenture, that all conditions precedent to the
actions contemplated by the Supplemental Indenture have been complied with and that this Supplemental Indenture is the legal, valid and binding obligation of Infinera; and 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of Infinera, Nokia and the Trustee and a valid amendment
of, and supplement to, the Indenture and the Notes have been done, and the entry into this Supplemental Indenture by the parties hereto is in all respects authorized by the provisions of the Indenture. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Notes, as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. (a) The following definitions in Section 1.01 of the Indenture are hereby
amended and restated as follows: 

Common Stock means the ordinary shares of Nokia, with no nominal value
(including such shares represented by American Depository Receipts), subject to Section 13.07. 

Daily
Conversion Valuemeans, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, 2.5% of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the sum of (1) the product of the Daily
VWAP on such Trading Day and the Equity Component and (2) the Cash Component. 

Daily Net Settlement
Amountfor each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, shall consist of: 

(a) if the Company does not elect a Cash Percentage or the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) a Cash Percentage of
0% as set forth herein, a number of Nokia Consideration Units equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and $25, divided by (ii) the sum of (x) the product of the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day and the
Equity Component and (y) the Cash Component; 

(b) if the Company elects a Cash Percentage of 100% as set forth herein,
cash in an amount equal to the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and $25; or 

(c) if the Company elects a Cash
Percentage of less than 100% but greater than 0% as set forth herein, (i) cash equal to the product of (x) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and $25 and (y) the Cash Percentage, plus (ii) a number of Nokia
Consideration Units equal to the product of (x) (A) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and $25, divided by (B) the sum of (1) the product of the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day and the Equity Component and
(2) the Cash Component and (y) 100% minus the Cash Percentage. 

2 

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading
Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page NOK AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not
available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of
the Common Stock on such Trading Day reasonably determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be
determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. 

(b) The following definitions are hereby added to Section 1.01 of the Indenture: 

Cash Componentmeans the cash portion of the Nokia Consideration Unit, which is $4.66 per Nokia
Consideration Unit, without interest. 

Equity Component means, subject to adjustment as provided in
Article 13, 0.5355 shares of Common Stock per Nokia Consideration Unit. 

Equity Price Component shall
have the meaning specified in Section 13.03(c). 

Nokiameans Nokia Corporation, a company
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Finland, and, subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 

Nokia Consideration Unit means (i) the Equity Component plus (ii) the Cash Component. 

ARTICLE II 

EFFECTOFTHE MERGER

Section 2.01. All references to (i) share of
Common Stock, shares of Common Stock and Common Stock in Sections 13.01(a), 13.01(b)(i) and the last sentence of 13.02(a)(iii) of the Indenture, the Face of Note (other than in the legend), the Reverse of Note, and the
first sentence of the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Indenture are hereby amended and replaced with Nokia Consideration Units, (ii) the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the in the
definition of Trading Price in Section 1.01 and in Section 13.01(b)(i) of the Indenture are hereby amended and replaced with (1) the sum of (x) the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the
Equity Component and (y) the Cash Component and (2) the, (iii) Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock in Section 13.01(b)(iv) of the Indenture is hereby amended and replaced with sum of (x) the
product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Equity Component and (y) the Cash Component and (iv) Conversion Rate in Sections 13.04 (other than as set forth in Sections 2.04, 2.05 and 2.06 below) and
13.10 of the Indenture is hereby amended and replaced with Equity Component (unless other treatment is expressly specified below). 

Section 2.02. Section 13.03(c) of the Indenture is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows: 

(c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined
by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective or the date of the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be (in each case, the Effective Date) and the
amount (the Stock Price) equal to the sum of (i) the price (the Equity Price Component) paid (or deemed to be paid) for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Equity Component in the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change or with respect to the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, and (ii) the Cash Component. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change
described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Equity Price Component shall be the cash amount paid for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Equity Component in such Make-Whole Fundamental Change. Otherwise, the
Equity Price Component shall be the product of (x) the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of a share of Common Stock over the five Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading-Day
immediately preceding the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the date of the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, and (y) the Equity 

3 

Component. The company in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner shall make appropriate adjustments to the Stock Price, in its good faith determination, to account for any adjustment
to the Equity Component that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Equity Component where the Ex-Dividend Date of the event occurs, during such five consecutive Trading-Day period. 

Section 2.03. Section 13.03(e) of the Indenture is
hereby amended by (a) deleting the phrase Additional Shares of Common Stock and replacing it with Additional Shares, (b) deleting the phrase 194.9317 shares of Common Stock and replacing it with
194.9317 Nokia Consideration Units and (c) deleting the following text , subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 13.04. 

Section 2.04. The introductory paragraph of Section 13.04 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.05. Sections 13.04(c) and (d) of the Indenture are hereby amended by deleting the phrase a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.06. Section 13.04(d) of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrase a number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate and replacing it with a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of the Conversion Rate and the Equity Component. 

Section 2.07. Section 13.05 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the phrase the Conversion
Rate each time it appears and replacing it with the Conversion Rate or the Equity Component. 

Section 2.08. In accordance with Section 13.07 of the Indenture, Section 13.07 of the Indenture is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

Section 13.07. Effect of Recapitalizations,
Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock(d). (a) In the case of: 

(i) any recapitalization,
reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), 

(ii) any
consolidation, merger or combination involving the Company, 

(iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of
the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety, or 

(iv) any
statutory share exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other
securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Merger Event), then the Company, or the successor or purchasing company, as the case may be, will execute with the Trustee and
without the consent of the Holders, a supplemental indenture providing that, at and after the effective time of such Merger Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal
amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of Nokia Consideration Units equal to the Conversion Rate immediately
prior to such Merger Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one Nokia
Consideration Units is entitled to receive) upon such Merger Event; provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Merger Event the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated and settled in accordance with Section 13.02
such that (A) the amount otherwise payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes as set forth under Section 13.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (B) the Company shall continue to have the

4 

right to elect to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Conversion Obligation in excess of the principal
amount of the Notes being converted as set forth under Section 13.02, (C) the number of shares of Common Stock, if any, otherwise deliverable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 13.02 shall instead be deliverable in the
amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Merger Event and (D) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property. 

If the Merger Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single
type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the portion of the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible allocable to the Equity Component of a Nokia Consideration Units
shall be deemed to be the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred
to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Merger Event, then for all conversions that occur after the effective date of such Merger Event (A) the consideration
due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased pursuant to Section 13.03), multiplied by the sum of (I) the
product of the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Merger Event and Equity Component and (II) the Cash Component and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second
Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination
is made. 

Such supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for
anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article XIII. If, in the case of any Merger Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other
property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) of a Person other than the successor or purchasing corporation, as the case may be, in such Merger Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person and
shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders of the Notes as the Board of Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set
forth in Article XIV. 

(b) In the event the Company shall execute a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection
(a) of this Section 13.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of
Reference Property after any such Merger Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the
execution of such supplemental indenture to be mailed to each Holder, at its address appearing on the Note Register provided for in this Indenture, within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality
or validity of such supplemental indenture. 

(c) The Company shall not become a party to any Merger Event unless its terms
are consistent with this Section 13.07. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash up to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes and cash, Nokia Consideration Units or a
combination of cash and Nokia Consideration Units, as applicable, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the Conversion Obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of such Notes as set forth in Section 13.01 and Section 13.02
prior to the effective date of such Merger Event. 

(d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to
successive Merger Events. 

Section 2.09. Section 13.09 of the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting the
phrase the Conversion Rate each time it appears and replacing it with the Conversion Rate or the Equity Component. 

5 

ARTICLE III 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 3.01. Effectiveness of Amendments. Article II shall be effective immediately upon the effectiveness of the
Merger. Infinera and Nokia agree to notify the Trustee in writing of the occurrence of such effective time. 

Section 3.02. Concerning the Trustee. The Trustee assumes no duties, responsibilities, or liabilities by reason of
this Supplemental Indenture other than as set forth in the Indenture. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of (i) the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture, (ii) the correctness
of any of the provisions contained herein, or (iii) the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by Infinera. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, the Trustee is not charged with knowledge of the Merger
Agreement or any terms thereof. 

Section 3.03. Supplemental Indenture Controls. In the event of a conflict or
inconsistency between the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture, the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture shall control. 

Section 3.04. Representations and Warranties. Infinera and Nokia each represents that (a) it has all necessary
power and authority to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and to perform its obligations under the Indenture, (b) it is a corporation or company, as applicable, organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware
or the Republic of Finland, respectively, (c) both before and immediately after giving effect to both the Merger and this Supplemental Indenture, no Default or Event of Default has or will have occurred or be continuing, and (d) this
Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 10.01 of the Indenture and does not require the consent of Holders. 

Section 3.05. Governing Law. This Supplemental Indenture and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or
related to this Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

Section 3.06. Execution in Counterparts. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without limitation, pdf,
tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, DocuSign and AdobeSign) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based
record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law,
including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code. 

Section 3.07. Confirmation of Indenture. Except as amended and supplemented hereby, the Indenture is hereby
ratified, confirmed and reaffirmed in all respects. The Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument. 

Section 3.08. Headings. The titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Supplemental Indenture have
been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 3.09. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This Supplemental Indenture may not be used to
interpret another indenture, loan, or debt agreement other than the Indenture for purposes of the Notes. Any such indenture, loan, or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Supplemental Indenture. 

Section 3.10. Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements made by Infinera and Nokia in this Supplemental
Indenture shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns, whether expressed or not. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

INFINERA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Nancy Erba

Name: Nancy Erba

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

NOKIA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Tommi Kolehmainen

Name: Tommi Kolehmainen

Title: Authorized Signatory

NOKIA CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Johanna Mandelin

Name: Johanna Mandelin

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

/s/ Bradley E. Scarbrough

Name: Bradley E. Scarbrough

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to First Supplemental Indenture
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>infn-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>infn-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>infn-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Infinera Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001138639

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-28

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-33486

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0560433

Entity Address, Address Line One 6373 San Ignacio Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95119

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 572-5200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol INFN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.infinera.com//20250228/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d847449d8k.htm 
infn-20250228.xsd 
infn-20250228_lab.xml 
infn-20250228_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-041368-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d847449d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001138639 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

Infinera Corp 
false 
0001138639 
--12-28 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
DE 
001-33486 
77-0560433 
6373 San Ignacio Avenue 
San Jose 
CA 
95119 
(408) 
572-5200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
INFN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>